4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw Let me say this first, it may have been the absolute best Beef Bourguignon I have ever had. The service was pretty good with only a few sides delivered to the wrong peeps. The management was adequate. The view of the fountains was only better if standing across the street in front of the Bellagio, which is really the only place to see them without the palm trees in the way. 

My issues are about the hard core screwing we took for us to have our dinner for 13 there. They wanted a $100 non refundable deposit (only charged to larger parties) an 18% gratuity, and I was still ok with that as long as the service successfully stood up to the challenge (and for the most part it did). But then came the kicker...another 4% plus taxes on the 4% just because we were...a wedding dinner. They called it a banquet charge but I call bullshit on that. If we were two tables next to each other with 6 and 7 respectively it would have been business as usual in that the tables are barely 12 inches apart  anyway. 

One more insult was that we were required to sign a contract stating that we would pay whatever they charged and had to put up a credit card number as a retainer. Again, if we were two tables that kind of nonsense would not have been our burden. We only had a verbal from them that if we were not happy with something, they would adjust. But the contract did NOT reflect their verbal assurance. This went against every grain of business instinct that I have. I voted to go elsewhere but was outvoted by the better half of the nuptial party. 

Long story short, I usually tip 20% and would have for the service and food we received. But the nickel and dime bullshit extra charges under whatever name they want to call it is just that...bullshit!!

One more thing, I researched their wine list. It was average to good. But nothing stellar. I suggest bringing your own wine. Their prices for average wine are disgusting and the prices go up from there. The cork fees are exhorbinant also, but a better deal for better wine if u are inclined to bring and appreciate.
