4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw "Style, Class, and a Patio to make me come back."

Maybe it's cause I'm always on vacation. Maybe the memories, Maybe its the weather  or the good company that I've shared my time here.  On top of this, it's on one of the premier patio spots outside Paris in the dead centre of the Strip. These are some reasons why this is my favorite restaurant in Vegas. Then there's the food...let's move on to that.

Let me set the tone: it's a classic French Bistro.  White table clothes, fancy setup, however the vibe is casual so even if you're out there in shorts, you're not totally out of place.  

There are 3 dining areas: Indoors, Indoors with view of patio, and Patio.  Trust me, you want to sit on the patio and experience some pinnacle views which include the Bellagio, pretty people, and the rest of the strip.  Call in for a Reso if you can, otherwise you may be waiting 1-2 hours on a busy day. Again, for me its worth the wait.  Scared of the heat, well don't' worry, there is appropriate shade and air-conditioning and misters outside!  Even in 40 degrees they managed to keep me cool.

Each table is given fresh baguette and butter to start.  One thing I've noticed is that the bread hasn't always come out hot.  A small annoyance, but something that could be easily remedied with a warmer of sorts.  Save some bread cause you'll need it for something else, stay tuned.

If you are a professional meatitarian like myself, you will have no problem quenching your thirst.  First off the bat get a steak.  I don't even care which one, just do it.  All three steaks that I've had were beautiful cuts of meat, cooked exactly how I wanted it, and could be cut with a butter knife.  Myself I struggle between the Fillet Mignon Merlot and (if i'm feeling hungry) the 22oz Bone in Ribeye.  

Aren't a suffer of Meatabetes like me, then why not try some of the mussels?   A light white wine and herb broth dips very well with the bread you remembered to save.  The mussels aren't as fat and juicy as we're accustomed to in the west coast, so this one dish won't fill you up. Regardless, I love mussels and I loved this dish. 

Need something to wash it down? Their wine list is extensive.  However if you want a refreshing treat on a hot day then I'd try their Sangria. 

Give Gabi a try.  You won't be disappointed.
