4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw The atmosphere here is spectacular, especially with a view of the Bellagio fountains, but the food just did not live up to all of the hype. The meal started off with some nice sangria, a delicious baguette, and french onion soup, but went slightly downhill.

Frangria - If they're known for sangria, I am going to try it, and this place delivered on it. It was nicely sweet with all of the fruit bits soaking in it but still strong enough. I just wish it was a bit cheaper.

French Onion Soup - This was the standout of the meal. It had plenty of onion flavor and a huge helping of Gruyere cheese! I actually really loved this and another bonus is that it's huge. It definitely feeds two people, no problem. 

Steak Bearnaise - The steak was chewy to the point that both the bf and I had to spit out a couple of pieces. The Bearnaise was actually cold, and from my understanding, it is supposed to be served room temperature. It wasn't very flavorful either. The frites that came with them were unexpectedly thin, but quite good. They reminded me of those little fried potato matchsticks you can buy in a tin from supermarkets. Ahh childhood nostalgia.  

Sea Scallops (entree) - I had actually ordered the appetizer version, with caramelized fennel and onion marmalade, but they mixed up my order and out came the entree with butternut squash puree and brussels sprouts. The scallops were cooked very well but everything else on the plate was not great. Perhaps this is because I'm not a fan of brussels sprouts. Also, the butternut squash puree was light and not an overpowering flavor, but again, didn't enjoy it so much.

The staff here was wonderful and thankfully they didn't charge me extra for the mix up. The waitress did ask if I wanted to send the scallops back for the actual appetizer but I thought I would give the entree a shot. I must say I regret that a bit.  

I may give this place another shot in the future, but for now, my only recommendation for this place would be the bread, french onion soup, and sangria. Also, make a reservation ahead of time as this place can be pretty busy.
