4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw This is an example of another reason Vegas is a difficult place for a normal person.  The entire experience was, frankly, magical.  The service was a bit obsequious, but she was lovely, friendly, and warm.

This is a casual eatery we walked into in Paris and had no reservations.  It was a Saturday night, and we were sat by a lovely, romantic window within seconds.

The atmosphere was incredible.... across from the Bellagio Water Show, and next to a window in a romantically lit restaurant that had a wonderful aesthetic... tiled floors (slippery in heels), lovely deep wooden grain finish on the classic bar.  It was as close to a dimly lit French bistro as you might find out of France.

The food was awesome.... 

The oysters had one of the best mignonette's I have ever had.  For Las Vegas, oyster country (sarcasm button on), they were fresh and shucked decently.  Luckily, nothing like Andy K.

The Endive and Blue Cheese salad with watercress and roasted pear was sublime.  The French Onion soup was great.  Again, I don't like it sweeter than smoky or "zesty"... but it was great.

The Salade Maison was very good, but the presentation of the goat cheese and croutons being the piece of toast with cheese spread ontop of it was confusing... in that Lauren ate that without realizing that was the "goat cheese & croutons" inherent to the salad.

The French Martini was great (grey goose with pineapple, champagne, and chambord....)

The French 75 was perfect.  I subbed beefeater for the sapphire, and it was just awesome.  AWESOME!

But being on the strip, even a casual, non reservation type of meal... the bill came to $140 or something.  1 app, 2 salads, 4 cocktails, one soup.... $140.

I know it is demanding to ask Vegas to be cheap, but to sit for a couple apps and salads and see a bill like that is just... disheartening.

So... go to Vegas with money.  PLEASE PLEASE shove cost out of your head prior to sitting down ANYWHERE.

Because Vegas is pricey.  Check out my Las Vegas as to why.... but it isn't just expensive.  I work in fine dining and high end hotels, and the price point is at least 20%-35% over a normal meal.  

As long as you recognize that, even a casual, spur of the moment meal can be magical, romantic, delicious, and stunning.

I would go back here in a second, with the awareness I wish I had previously had.  I think having not been to vegas much, it is something I simply need to plan for across the board.
