4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw Burger crew meeting called to order on Saturday, May 21, 2016 at 10:30am (Burger Crew does Vegas/Burger Crew Founders' Birthday Bash). 

Members in attendance: Angela d., Sumana S., Trevor Y., Wayne T. , and Dennis K.

I. Ordering
Between the 5 of us, we ordered 2 "Cheeseburgers": Choose Jarlsberg, brie, or blue. Comes with lettuce, red onion, tomato, and cornichons - $15.95 (add bacon or egg for $1). The burgers come with hand-cut fries. We ordered them medium rare with brie (as recommended by many yelpers) and we added the bacon. 

II. The burgers
The meat is definitely the star of the show, and Mon Ami does a good job constructing it that way. The patty was thick, and Sumana and Wayne's was cooked perfectly medium rare, but the other burger was more toward medium. There was a good amount of seasoning on the patty and there was a clear meat flavor. The brie worked well in the burger; it was subtle and complemented the patty (said everyone else). I, personally, am not a huge fan of brie so I wasn't as big a fan. The bun was able to soak up juices without falling apart and was gooey and a little bit sweet. The bacon was nice and crispy, chewy, and peppery. This burger was a little difficult to eat because the lettuce was placed on top of the patty so the top bun kept sliding off the lettuce. 

III. The fries
The fries were shaped funny, and were not uniformly cut. This meant that some fries were thinner and crispier while others had more potatoey goodness. Overall, these fries are sliced pretty thin and are probably double fried. They were nicely salted. 

IV. Miscellaneous
This place is located in the front of the Paris hotel. It's very popular for brunch so make reservations! There was a gigantic line to get in when we left. The restaurant is a little dark inside, which gives a more upscale feel. There is also an outside patio, which is nice on a nice day. We were there during breakfast hours (until 11am) and the burger was on that menu but it didn't specify the type of cheese used on the burger. It is also on the brunch menu, which specifies the type of cheese. Our server was named Brooke and she was great. She accidentally dropped a glass at our table, but was really apologetic. No harm, no foul. No bathrooms in the actual restaurant. It's in the casino; turn left when exiting the restaurant. Lastly, parking here is confusing. We parked at Paris and it was really hard to find our way out to the strip. 

V. Value
There was a little bit of debate here regarding the value. Some thought it was on the expensive side, but others thought that the quality of ingredients justified the high price tag.

VI. The verdict
Great meaty burger! The ratings: 3.8, 4.1, 4.5, 4.6, 4.6.

Next burger crew meeting: Fat Choy right after we finish at Mon Ami! Burger burger burger burger burger!
