4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw gave this place a shot because of the prime location and the diverse selection of french dishes. i expected this place to be pretty on the surface with no real substance ..... i was instantly proven otherwise.

came with a group for lunch on a nice sunny vegas day and started on the complementary baguette which was hot and fresh. we went through a couple of loafs pretty quickly. the bread was tasty and also nice and light giving you the impression that you can have the whole loaf without feeling guilty.

we started off with the frangria which was an obvious relative of the sangria. i made the mistake of noting down the recipe in my head and not somewhere more reliable. nonetheless the frangria was top notch. the fruits were vibrant and present in every sip. mix of red wine and grand mariner tasted better that I had thought. 

for starters we went with the snails and french onion soup. the snails were a bit greasy and had a very grassy aroma and taste. this was my first time having snails to which i equated the consistency to oysters. the soup did not reach its potential as more flavor could have been added and more cheese could have been layered on the exterior.

as for the entrées we all order a sandwich of some sort that came with a bed of greens and/or frites. i ordered the chicken and bree sandwich which was mixed with sautéed onions and green apple that made the sandwich even more delicious. served on ciabatta bread the chicken was moist and decently flavored by itself. the combination of sandwich fillings left me wanting more. the only negative criticism I have about this sandwich was the amount of filling was not evenly portion with the amount of bread provided.

the ambiance was great...very open, bright, and diverse. as mentioned the location of the restaurant was excellent being right in the center of the strip making it a great spot to sit back and enjoy the view. not only was the ambiance and location great, the service staff were extremely courteous and our waiter went beyond our expectations.
