4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw My husband and I went to vegas for for my 30th birthday,so I got to pick where we ate(I am a self proclaimed foodie FYI). I was craving some great French food at a reasonable price,so after doing my research and checking reviews,I chose Mon Ami.
  When it comes to the food and simple but lovely presentation m,along with decor , two thumbs up but in terms of service we were not to impressed.Our waitress was not very pleasant nor did she ever check with us regarding food or provide refills without being asked. Be a waitress in the past I have the greatest deal of understanding when your a little busy and we all have bad days,however the truth of the matter is we are there for the tips and the least you can do is touch the table once ,provide refills and be pleasant. That was not our experiences. The hostess were at hospitable so not all bad, Those is mainly way I only chose 4 stars. I do attempt to be as impartial as possible with reviews,but to be honest I try not to be to harsh unless I have a real reason,mainly being that I find many on here that are to harsh on especially small business for insignificant mistakes.
   We mustn't forget the food now shall we. My husband and I decided to order the escargot and being the foodie I am it is slightly embarrassing that I have not yet enjoyed this dish. So this is my
Review as a first timer to escargot,we also order the trout almandine and the even brought some warm French bread in the cutest bread bag(such a nice touch).The bread was delicious and went wonderfully with the eacargot (a good paler cleanser from the rich taste),we rather enjoyed the escargot and would d finely try again. We then received our side salad in exchange of green beans which was incredibly plane with really no toppings just mostly lettuce and hardly any dressing( the waitress made it out to be with the $4 upcharge for getting the salad instead as if it was there regular size Salas's abundant with flavor and toppings,not so) . Upon taking my first few bites of the trout almandine with brown butter I was a little disappointed lack there of,of flavor. However eating some more I really. Egan to taste the subtle yet excellent flavors it had, I would give this 5 stars,so simple yet so perfect.
  After the meal we asked for the check and the waitress kept us waiting 20min ,very disappointed.
Do this being the end of the meal and just happens the end of my review everyone wants to know,Would we come back ? YES, absolutely if solely for the food and ambiance. Being the foodie I am I will not let one miserable waitress stand in the way of what I'm craving.
