4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw One of the things you HAVE to do while in Vegas ... eat breakfast.  Whether it is that crazy night or just because you are on vacation.  I'm not normally a breakfast eater, but I do like to eat breakfast while in Vegas.

Service - 5 Stars
Cleanliness - Excellent
Price - $17.58 (includes tax and tip).
Seafood - Yes, smoked salmon
Meats - Yes, chicken, bacon, steak, ham
Vegetables - Yes, salads.
Dessert - Yes
Fruits - Yes
Other - (1) Located in the Paris Hotel, (2) Cash and Credit Cards are accepted here. (3) Try to get the patio seating because it's a great spot to people watch since it faces Las Vegas Blvd.

What was ordered:

Emergen-C Drink ($4.95) - Yay! I'm a Fan (4 stars) - Simply orange juice.  Perfect because it is packed with vitamin C, but also very tasty start for the morning.  The orange juice was served in a flute glass.  The orange juice was not overtly sweet and nicely chilled--yet a bit flat.

Three Eggs ($9.95) - A-Okay (4 Stars) - 3 eggs with your choice of crispy bacon or sausage.  All egg dishes are served with breakfast potatoes (aka hash browns) and toast.  Let me give you the breakfast entree breakdown:

*3 eggs - Yay! I'm a Fan (4 Stars) - You get your choice of how you want your eggs cooked--scrambled or sunny side up.  I chose scrambled and they were cooked very nicely.  Mmm, tasted so good with ketchup.  I wanted to add some Tapatio (or any hot sauce), but I didn't think they had it and was a bit embarrassed to ask for it.

*Sausage - Yay! I'm a Fan (4 Stars) - You have a choice of regular or chicken sausage.  I chose regular sausage--you get 2 elongated ones.  The sausages were approximately 6 inches in length and 0.7" in diameter.  The skin were cooked to a beautiful toasty brown color.  The sausage was nothing more than porky heavenly goodness.

*Breakfast Potatoes - Yay! I'm a Fan (4 Stars) - Approximately 5" x 5" square area of hash browns.  The outer portion was cooked until nicely toasted--with a perfectly soft texture on the inside.  

*Toast - Meh! I had better (2 Stars) - You get two pieces of thick toasted bread--3.5" x 3" x 1.5."  All I can really say is it felt like eating extra large croutons.

The Mon Ami Gabi staff seated us on the patio which is perfect because the weather was nice and we could people watch at the same time.  It is nice to finally relax with the family and have good food.  The food here is good, but was not extraordinary--hence my struggle.  I've rounded up so Yay! I'm a Fan!
