4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw I told myself not to write this review until a day had gone by so here it is. My boyfriend and I were walking around Las Vegas Blvd when we came across this restaurant. We had our pup with us so I decided to go in and ask if he could eat with us in their outdoor seating area. I went in and asked one of the hostesses if our dog could eat with us if we sit outside and she said "Um, yeah for how many people?" And I said two. Then she said it will be an hour wait for outside. So I went back outside to ask my boyfriend if the wait time was fine and he said ok, so I went back in and told the same hostess that we would wait, so she took my name down and gave us a buzzer. After patiently waiting for a little over an hour our buzzer goes off, so I give it to the same hostess that took my name down. She looks down at my dog who is standing right next to me and says "Um, is that a service dog? Because we don't allow dogs here"...... I then said "I asked you if we could eat outside with our dog before you took my name down". A hostess standing next to her then says to me "She wasn't here an hour ago". LOL what?!!!! I was absolutely LIVID. They were basically calling me a liar. Why would I make that up and purposefully wait an entire hour when I have better things to do while on vacation. How dare they??? I remained really calm, which I now regret. I wish I would have cursed them out, I really do. If she wasn't there an hour ago then I must have been talking to her effing twin. EVEN IF they were right (which they were not) and I had asked a different hostess, someone still told me I could bring my dog!!! After the manager came out she told me it was against their health code to let dogs eat in the restaurant, even if it's outdoors, which is totally fine but why was I not told this before waiting a fucking hour?? 

Manager lady, please check your surveillance cameras for 03/09/2015 around 12:30pm and tell me again that the same hostess did not take my name down. I DARE YOU. And I hope you reprimand your hostess for lying to a customer right to her face.

Avoid this disgusting and dishonest place. They have a staff of liars working here.
