4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw From looking at all the pictures on yelp, MAGR looked like a pretty casual  bistro feel eatery, but i guess at night it's oooh la la time! I made reservations for a group of 7 and we were seated within 15 minutes  at  round table in the corner.  It was the perfect spot!  when you look up, the celings are so high and the hanging lamps were very rustic looking! I loved that they sat us at a round table.  I hate when you have a large group and they seat you in a rectangle shaped table where you have to lean forward to talk or look at the person you are talking to.  

FOOD:
We started with the Country pate which was too course for my palate.  We were deciding between the Country or the Mousse, but we all thought the mousse would be too moussey ( is that a word?).  the flavor was spot on, however i would of liked the texture a little smoother.  It was hard to spread on the break because, well it doesn't really spread!

The Escargots were very tasty and even better when you ask for extra bread and dip it in the left over garlic pesto sauce.  

I think we asked for bread 3 times, and i over heard our waiter say to another waiter, they want MORE bread???  haha. Yes we like our french bread, is that a crime?  

I ordered soup du jour which happened to be cream of garlic.  Could this be a better match for me?  I happen to love garlic so of course i had to order the soup.  It was so good that my two friends sitting on either side of me kept dipping their bread in my bowl!  I was happy to share... they gave such a huge bowl!

For my entree i decided to go with the scallops gratin which was an appetizer, but by the time this arrived, I was already so full!  The scallops were VERY flavorful.  In every bite you can taste the caramelized onion, Gruyere, Parmesan, and garlic.  You however, don't really taste the scallops at all.  This is definitely an appetizer to share.  Eating four of these bad boys will leave our mouth thirsty for water the whole night!  this is definitly my kinda dish as i love all these flavors, but maybe one would suffice! =P

I tried a few of the other dishes, seared scallops ( it was very fishy and very scallopy.  I would give this dish 2 *.), steak with herbed butter ( the steak was kinda thin and tough 3*).  

Overall, the experience, ambiance, and food was pretty good.  I recommend this for those looking for a romantic restaurant at a good price ( sit outside and watch the bellagio fountain), or those with big groups looking to get a great value in Vegas!

FYI Be careful of the paper covered table.  I got a huge paper cut from it!
