4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw This is one of my FAVORITE places to dine in Vegas. Food is great and at a great price. Their steaks and frites are absolutely fabulous. When the weather is nice, I love sitting on the patio to people watch and see the Bellagio Fountains. The service here is usually great, but once in a while you get a not so great one. But that is okay, the food and environment makes up for it.

I have been here several times, for both breakfast and dinner. 

It is so lovely to have breakfast at 7am on a late summer morning to just enjoy the surrounding. And I LOVE LOVE LOVE their breakfast selection. Quite pricey for breakfast, but worth it on occasions. I have tried their Fruit Bouquet, Blueberry French Toast, Banana Fosters Waffles, and Eggs Benedict.  Definitely need to go back and try everything else, because I know it will be amazing.

During dinner, they provide you with a wonderful and fresh french baguette, usually with the carrot spread thing, unless they have some seasonal special, but even then, you can always ask for the carrot thing. I don't even like carrots AT ALL but I love this carrot thing with the bread. And the bread goes sooo well with the French Onion Soup and the Shrimp Appetizer (both delicious on their own anyways.) Their wine selection was nice. Their steaks are cooked perfectly, and serviced with a nice portion of frites! And I am a carb fanatic and these frites are amazing. Don't know what it is about them... but I never waste good carbs! I wish they had real souffle, but they still have great desserts. I have tried their flourless chocolate cake, chocolate mousse (pretty big cup of mousse for one person) and their ice cream dessert trio thing *pictures posted*.

There's so many great things about this place. I recommend this place for all my friends and those who ask for a nice place to dine. You can make it all dressy and have a romantic date, or dress more casual for just a nice dinner. Great french dining without breaking your piggy bank.
