4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw 3.5 stars. We picked Mon Ami Gabi for a late group lunch after a long day on a work trip because of the reviews and the proximity to where we were staying. Upon entering the restaurant, I liked that you can choose to be inside or outside. During the day, the restaurant seems to be livelier outside and super quiet/dark inside, so we picked a spot inside next to the window so we at least get the sunlight, to people watch and still don't have to worry about the loud tourist crowd outside (if you are coming here for dinner/at night, then it probably wouldn't matter if you sit inside or outside).

I thought their lunch menu has good lunch selection. However, it seems like just a typical easy French/American selection..like salad, burger, crepe, sandwich etc, so if you are looking for something super fancy that you never had, this is probably not the place. We were looking for some places casual, yet with nice ambiance to relax after work, so this wa a good place for us.

We were provided a complementary french baguette to go with the butter. I appreciated that the whole serving of a baguette that came in a baguette paper envelope was also a nice touch. What the restaurant failed a bit though was wait time for food. All 3 of us ordered easy dish like salad, sandwich, crepe (I ordered the croque monsier). We were there around 3-4pm and it wan't even crowded too much) but didn't get the food until probably 40 min after...by that time we were just so tired of waiting! Don't get me wrong, the waitress was nice and kept refilling our drinks...however, the wait was just too much, especially when the restaurant wasn't crowded. The food was ok. I did finish my dish, one of my colleagues finished his but another lady didn't finish her plate...I think everyone was ok with the food, but no one really said anything or was so wowed about the taste.

And because Las Vega offers so many great dining spots, I think I would probably go out of my way to try dining at some other places next time rather than go back here if i have an option.
