4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw A wonderful little restaurant with an unassuming facade, you could literally just walk by it and not even realize what you're missing.

We came to the Paris in hopes of hitting up the famous buffet at Le Village but when we walked all the way there, we saw that the line to get in was even longer than to ride on Space Mountain.

Pass.

And after a night of binge drinking, my boyfriend and I decided that we didn't really want to do the buffet thing anyway. We were way too hungry and lazy and to be honest, just wanted to sit our asses down and be served. So we walked around looking for other places to dine that weren't so packed when we discovered this cute little restaurant hiding in the corner. 

We got an amazing table outside on the patio on the most gorgeous Vegas day. It was already a fantastic start to a delicious meal. The service was great too. Our waitress was very cute and so friendly, she made us feel right at home. 

We started with their Fruit Bouquet, which I had seen on several other tables. It was a beautifully carved cantaloupe filled with melon, grapes and pineapple that came with sides of creme fraiche, mint syrup and brown sugar. YUM. A perfect way to start breakfast. The fruit was so fresh and the little accompaniments paired perfectly. I personally loved the pineapple with the mint syrup and the cantaloupe with the creme fraiche. 

For our entrees my bf chose the Egg, Bacon & Cheese crepe with some added avocado on top. I chose the special Benedict of the day which came with spinach, tomato and bacon on a toasted sourdough muffin with a chive hollandaise. We also had to get a side order of the frites, they just looked so good!

Everything was absolutely delicious. The crepe was perfectly cooked, really melted in your mouth. The cheese was chewy while the crepe was delicate, and the egg and bacon rounded all the flavors out very nicely. The avocado that my bf added also was a nice touch!
My benedict was very good, the eggs were cooked perfectly which is a huge plus. Almost every benedict I get at a restaurant has over-cooked poached eggs, but these were nice and runny. Mmm! They weren't kidding about the 'toasted' muffin though. Mine was definitely a little more well-done than I would have liked but it was still yummy. I loved the muffin because it had a really distinct sourdough taste that went well with the rest of the Benedict flavors. 

The frites were also tasty. We could barely finish just one order because it was so big. Don't be fooled, it looks all cute and small in that little paper cone but it seems practically bottomless. Keep in mind though these are not typical fries, they are very thinly cut and fried until crispy then topped with a good amount of salt. If you like really crispy potatoes then you will love these. Otherwise, if you want regular french fries don't bother. 

Definitely a great experience for both of us and we were both so lucky to come on such a beautiful day. Will definitely try to come back next time I'm in town!
