4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw We had a beautiful early dinner here on a Saturday night during our Girls' trip to Vegas.  The other ladies had previously been here, and while I have dined at the Eiffel Tower restaurant, I had never been to Mon Ami Gabi.  Who knew you could get such a good view of the Bellagio fountains without actually being at the Bellagio!

Obviously you want to eat on the patio.  We made reservations through OpenTable for 4:45 and requested the patio, but then read that the patio is seated in a first come first serve basis, so you can't actually request it ahead of time.  Well luckily for us, they had a table for six, perfectly shaded by an umbrella and seated us just in time for a fountain show.  This place was packed!  Even so early on a Saturday!  

We ordered a carafe of sangria for the table (lovely) and a St. Germain's cocktail carafe (also lovely, but good in smaller portions, so thank goodness there were six of us).  We also shared a goat cheese appetizer.  Not enough garlic bread comes with the order to sop up all the extra tomato sauce, but luckily their baguettes for the table are just as delicious and will be replenished if you ask.  The most impressive thing was the one of us was on a gluten-free diet, so not only did she get a special gluten-free menu, but they brought her gluten free bread!  Not bad.  The rest of us enjoyed our gluten-packed alternatives and the pickled carrots that came with it were something I'd never think to serve with bread and butter, but strangely worked.  

For the entrees 2 of us got steak, 2 got fish, one got veggies, and one got chicken.  The portions are very plentiful, the sauces well-balanced, and the food was all fresh and warm.  I opted for the filet au poivre.  We were informed the filets were so tender we could cut them with a butter knife...which may explain why we didn't get steak knives.  While I do love fork-tender meat, i also sometimes appreciate a steak knife, even if I "don't need it".  I hit a little gristle at one point that was very hard to work through with just my regular table knife, but at that point it wasn't worth it to ask for the steak knife.  Other than that, the steak tasted wonderful, and it was cooked perfectly rare for my tastes.  My second gripe, though, was with the "fries" that came with it.  I love that they're innovative and these aren't just typical steak fries, but unfortunately they didn't float my boat.  They were very much a cross between fries and chips.  I'm not a fan of potato chips unless they're flavored or I have dip for them.  But when I'm eating a nice filet, I especially am not in the mood for potato chips.  Le sigh.  They weren't committed enough to either the fry or the chip lineage, so I was left disappointed.  Now I imagine for the rest of the dining public, they'd probably love a chip/fry hybrid.  Sadly, even a side of mayo to dip my fries in (it's so good!  and very belgian) didn't help much.  

We were too stuffed for dessert, sadly, but in all the dining experience was lovely, and the food really was delicious (minus my personal vendetta against the "fries").  I would gladly go back, because you get a nice meal for a much more reasonable price than at many of the other fancy Vegas gourmet restaurants with an unbeatable view.
