4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw Believe it or not, my friends and I got a recommendation for Mon Ami Gabi from our cab driver! On our cab ride from the airport to the hotel, the cab driver was giving us a song and dance about being able to get us into the clubs, so while he was on a roll, my friend asked him where he would recommend to eat. It was interesting to hear what he said even though we had all been to Vegas before.

Am I glad we listened to him! He told us to check out Mon Ami Gabi around 2:30pm for lunch in order to catch the 3pm fountain show at the Bellagio. We went on Sunday around 2:15pm and asked for a table outside on the rail (like the cabbie told us to ask for). They told us it would be a 45 minute wait especially for a table outside. But it turned into more like 30 minutes. We killed time at the casino ; ) 

Everything was perfect, except that is was SOOOO sunny and hot on this particular day, so we ended up rushing through our meal due to the fact that the seats "on the rail" have to cover above. Even with that, the service was perfect, the waitress was polite and fast and the food...was AMAZING. Two of us got the same sandwich special and my other friend got one of the club sandwiches. We all liked our food. Yum! The sandwich I had was chicken with pesto, grilled red peppers and yummy cheezy-ness! YUM!

The lunch prices were surprisingly reasonable for such good service and food, $9-$15! Seeing (and hearing) the Bellagio water show was so fun!

My recommendation is:
1) During the day, ask to sit outside, but under and umbrella!
Or
2) Go for a super late lunch or early dinner when the sun is lower in the sky or dark : ) It must be beautiful then!

Highly recommend it, but if you need a very specific time, call ahead and make a reservation so you get to see the show! Check out times here:

Monday - Friday
3:00 p.m. - 8:00 p.m. - show every 1/2 hour
8:00 p.m. - 12:00 a.m. - show every 15 minutes

Saturdays, Sundays and Holidays
12:00 p.m. - 8:00 p.m. - show every 1/2 hour
8:00 p.m. - 12:00 a.m. - show every 15 minutes
