4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw I decided it was a good time to take my wife out for Mother's Day and let my children enjoy some of the finer dining she and I have enjoyed previously on special mom and dad dates. This is one of my favorite places to get a steak in Las Vegas.   In my humble opinion the food is outrageously good.  Everything I've had I would be more than happy to recommend to a friend.   Of course they started with the classic fresh baguette and butter that they bring at the beginning of the meal.  I was somewhat disappointed in a single baguette brought to a table of five.  Considering that automatically an 18% gratuity is included because of the party size you would think that due to that  additional cost  resources would be allocated based on the size of that party. I felt that Alertness and response to how quickly the bread was eaten should have been  improved.  Since there was not any bread left of course I was obliged to order an appetizer which I quickly did,. The  sumptuous melted goat cheese.  This came with a nice garlic herb bread.  However I'm lost again on the  small amount of bread and as to the portion sizes you should use with the bread to go with the tomato and cheese mixture.  It is rich in flavor when adding the melted goat cheese tomato mixture to the bread and I would question how much you would need to add to use all of the sauce that's included with the small amount of bread  without overpowering the flavors of the bread. I did request to have them bring over another baguette  to which they quickly obliged.  And we used that to sop up most of the remaining mixture from the appetizer. I ordered my standard fare the bone in ribeye classique medium rare  with their macaroni and shells concoction that is beyond devine,  my oldest daughter had the beef Wellington  with the best cauliflower mash I've ever tried my wife ordered the filet mignon classique medium rare. my younger daughter had the daily special lobster bisque and finally my son had a  very uptown looking hamburger and fries which made him abundantly happy  and he also scarfed down the extra fruit and other good veggies that they included.  With the slight exception of my wife's filet that came out  essentially blue rare rather than medium rare on the first try which was quickly remedied and the odd portion sizes for bread the food was perfect.  The only thing I really felt that could've been improved beyond the aformentioned lack of attentiveness to the Appetites at the table.  Was the amount of wind coming through into the middle dining room between the patio and the sunroom.   My wife and daughters of course being that it was a special occasion had gone to great lengths to make themselves look more beautiful than usual  and the wind was excessive enough that it tussled their hair much like being in a convertible.  Which of course as a husband and father I thought looked cute  but certainly less and their enjoyment of the experience.  It was definitely a surreal and quiet setting  when we weren't dealing with the breif moments with bursts of air which is what we  specifically requested  in the reservation request as my son is autistic and too much stimulation like  you normally find in a busy restaurant can make things difficult for him to handle.   All I know fantastic server fantastic experience very little to complain about I am giving this a four out of five I think that's a very honest and fair score
