4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw Friday night on the strip we decide some French food would be nice.  Getting to the chase as for some reason I had to completely re-write this.  

I started with the onion soup... the best I've had since I was in Strasbourg, FR many years ago.  It is so hard to find French Onion that is not over salted.  This was perfection from the perfectly developed caramelized onions to the delicious cheese.  

My wife began with the house salad.  Very nice and hearty even though I think a more flavorful dressing would have been better with the hearty greens.  Loved the hearty greens.  Most house salads are just standard romaine.  

Our entrees is where we began to run into hiccups.  I ordered the bone in 22oz rib eye and decided to split it.  I am always a medium heat person so when it came back medium rare to rare I was fairly disappointed.  I ate half of it anyway but the further I got to less done it was.  That's understandable but the cut of rib eye did not meet the $40+ cost.  When I order a $40-50 steak I expect a very tender, perfectly marbled steak.  This was somewhat tough. 

My wife had the scallops which were cooked perfectly.  They had the perfect sear and firmness without drying them out at all.  The white bean accompaniment with potatoes were awful.  The beans were completely flavorless and the potatoes were not done.  You may say this is just a side but a great restaurant executes on everything, including the sides and doneness for the steaks.  Sides are often the thing that shines most in a great dinner... Did I mention I did not get my wine until I was half way through my steak and had to ask for it?  but that's service, not the quality of the food.  To be fair the waiter was fairly attentive but for the forgotten wine and failure to ask about the meal promptly after we started eating... on second thought that's not all that great either. 

Unlikely I would go back.  Too many other great French places to try.  Unfortunately this place is fairly mediocre.
