4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw I'm gonna have to make my first yelp review on this place...

What can I say?!  I'm really impressed by the food and portions Mon Ami Gabi offers considering that it's a French restaurant with very reasonable prices.  I've been to Vegas 7 times since the time I've turned 21, and have only tried out this place out earlier this month, but thank goodness I've finally taken the time to try it out.  I'm gonna have to make it a point that from every Vegas trip on, I'm going to make every effort to come back here!

We had made a reservation via OpenTable for 8:15 and was slightly late, but they were accommodating and almost seated us immediately anyways.  Server was attentive, and had recommended us the Filet Mignon Merlot since it's the most popular so that was my dinner choice.  The other girls in our party had the Filet Mignon Au Poivre, Steak Bordelaise, and Chicken Grandmere, and we all shared the Whipped Cauliflower and Macaroni Gratin sides.

Filet Mignon Merlot and Filet Mignon Au Poivre were both on point!  Medium rare for the two of us and I could not get over how tender the meat was and how effortless it was to cut into it.  Both were served with Frites, which I obviously could not stop myself from also devouring considering how much I love potatoes/fries.  Haha.

Steak Bordelaise on the other hand wasn't as impressive... comparatively to the Filet Mignons, but not bad for it's meat cut.

Chicken Grandmere was also to die for.  I haven't had a chicken this good since Beatrice Inn in NY!!!  Seriously so tender and juicy, was not dry AT ALL.  Would be my second choice if I wasn't much of a steak eater.

Whipped Cauliflower was the first I've had of it's kind, and was super nomsy!  Was pretty much like mashed potatoes ... but more like super creamy mashed cauliflower.

Macaroni Gratin was also a meh... nothing spectacular to rave about.

But overall, I had a very pleasant time.  The decor and ambiance is quite romantic and perfect if you're looking to have a nice, classy dinner away from the rest of the crazy Vegas life.  I'd love to eat here again and try eating outdoors with the beautiful view of the Bellagio fountains!
