_ktENpyAriCyBBrQaZIG7w This is my 100th review for 2014 - it's been a ride.

I so wanted to be impressed by this restaurant. I read Jay Rayner's review and the ones on Yelp and boy did I look forward to this. 
Especially when we were able to use a voucher (well we ARE the King & Queen of vouchers). - The voucher was £29 - for a 3 course seasonal menu and a glass of Galvin Champagne. 
Much to our surprise we found the menu to have that exact seasonal menu to be ..£29. Huh?! - so we got a voucher and all we really got on this purchase was the glass of champagne. 

Not to be disheartened we did realise that whether with or without the voucher we were still getting a fine dining meal for a reasonable price, but seriously a voucher should present a significant discount. Not just a free glass of bubbly. 
*rant over* 

The restaurant is on the first floor of the Waldorf-Astoria - The Caledonian at the west end of Princess Street. On arrival we had the concierge to bring us up and the Maitre D' took our reservation, vouchers and coats. 

We were led to our table shoed in and we took a good look at the surroundings and the menu. The main feature is a massive rose quartz (I think) chandelier. The rest of the dining room is a little Wedgewood - pale blues and off whites.  Table decor is minimalist and functional. There are understated Christmas decorations, but not overly so. 

The seasonal menu is 3 course affair with a choice of 2 Starter / 2 Mains / 2 Desserts. 

We both took the same and I was impressed with the taste and craftsmanship of the dishes

Pressing of Confit Duck with Wild Mushrooms & Smoked Bacon
*
Loin & Braised Belly of Pork, Haricot Blanc, Roasted Artichoke
*
White Chocolate Pannacotta, Orange Sauce, Pistachio Biscotti

We also were presented with some hors d'oeuvres which were tasty, but I cannot recollect what they were. - As when tasting them I was looking at the wine list. 
Mistake. 
A decent glass of wine is £11 - yes, you read that right. ONE glass. I am sure there is a reason for this, there should be..  

The service was impeccable, the waiters explained the dishes and (as a good restaurant does) crumbed the table between courses. 

We even got a parting gift box with Edinburgh fudge when we left, now that is a nice touch! 

In all I can actually recommend going here as you will be pleased with the dishes and if their seasonal menu prices hold you will be in for a treat!
