4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw Based on oour extensive prior extremely positive experiences, my wife and I, plus three other couples, made sure to visit MAG for a nice dinner on our final night in Vegas earlier this week.  We could have been seated immediately inside, but it was a beautiful November night and we opted to wait--heck, rolling some dice, plus free table drinks for 40 minutes, no problem.

We finally get seated and they squeeze us into a four-top.  That's OK, we like each other and expected to be squeezed.  If you're new, be warned that they put about 250 diners in a space that any other restaurant would put 100.  For us, not a great big deal because of the anticipation of excellent food and the great view of the strip and the Bellagio water shows.

And the aniticipation grew and grew until about an hour after ordering we finally got our meals.  The waitress explained that she had waited to talk to the chef about an allergy issue one of us had before putting any of the orders in.  I'm sorry, but when you are sitting at an uncomfortable table and will end up paying about $150/person, you shouldn't have to wait an hour to get served.

When the entrees finally got there, they were all very excellent, but those who bided their ample time by eating bread and appetizers could not finish their entrees.  About the only bad entree choice anyone mentioned was the duck confit, which seemed to have about 1 ounce of meat on a bone, and not great flavor.

The onion soup appetizer was horribly cheesy and not as good as on prior visits.  But the filets and steaks, with fantastic Bernaise sauce, are definitely to die for, and it will likely contribute to my demise. 

So after taking about 30 minutes to get through the meal (things go slower when you have to wait for the person next to you to finish using their knife before you do so you don't cut each other open), we then proceeded to wait and wait another 30 minutes to get the check.  It's not like we wanted to further enjoy the nice night--by now it was after 10:00 and the temperature had dropped about 20 degrees in the past hour.  

We were so anxious to leave, no one dared venture into the desserts.

And the worst part was, when we make it back to the craps table, we had just missed a 45 minute roll.  Would have paid for our entire visit, and then some, had we not had to wait for the waitress all night.

Oh well, life is all about memories, and we'll still have memories of some great meals here.  Probably won't come back, except perhaps for lunch and the best boulliabaise you could ever get.

I really feel bad about giving three stars.  Lat week I would have given 5 plus.  It's true what they say that one bad experience overshadows hundreds of good ones.  C'est le vie.
