4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw Food: Delicious! Definitely get one of the steak frites. My boyfriend got the fish & chips, and they weren't as amazing as what the rest of the family got. I personally loved my steak au poivre, my boyfriend's brother loved his steak bordelaise, and my boyfriend's dad got the ribeye. The portions and quality of food are worth the price. Definitely try one of the desserts - the warm chocolate cake was fabulous.

Service: The service was good, but if you need to be on time for a show (like the O at the Bellagio across the street), make sure to tell your server ASAP! I told the hostess as she walked us to the door, but I really should have also spoken with the server immediately. She took her time at first before we spoke to her about our tickets, but after that was absolutely perfect, getting the food out to us quickly, etc. Our water glasses were always full, and we got everything we wanted.

Location/Seating: We got a perfect table right at the edge of the patio. Unless it's super cold, definitely sit on the patio. There are heat lamps, you can people-watch, and you have front-row seating for the Bellagio fountain show.

GETTING A TABLE:
Okay, here's the info I really need you to know: Just try everything. Try to get a reservation (indoors only), then show up 45-60 minutes before you actually want to eat and ask for an outdoor patio seat. You can also ask for an indoors table, but the ambiance wouldn't be anything out of the ordinary for a fancy restaurant.

The reason why this place is 4 stars instead of 5 is because of their ridiculous approach to tables. I wanted to eat at 5:30 to get to our 7:30 show at the Bellagio. No reservations except for 4:30 and 9:30 - I went with neither. So my boyfriend and I showed up an hour early and went to separate lines (???) for an indoor table vs. an outdoor table. He could get an outdoor table that could be ready around 5:30 (perfect) and I couldn't get anything until 9. I just got mad when we were escorted to our patio table and we passed by several empty tables that could have accommodated our party. That was frustrating and I could see how that wouldn't be great if the weather was terrible (unlikely) or if someone really needed to sit inside. I dunno, that just didn't make any sense.
