4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw HIGHLY RECOMMEND

Atmosphere 1 star
Service 1.5 Stars
Food 1.5 Stars
Price Value vs Food Quality 1 Star

I had the pleasure of dining here this past week with four co-workers during a business trip to Vegas. Yes you can do business in Vegas between the entertainment and adventures lol.

Overall absolutely great place to eat. I highly recommend and I will return next time I am in Vegas.

ATMOSPHERE
The inside is just a little dark with low lighting which was ok but hard to see the menu for some people. They also have outside seating if you wanted that. Might be nice not in July for me personally. The seating was comfortable and the tables were large enough for all of our meals and sides. The interior is designed very well with an little old school steakhouse feel with dark woods and light colored furnishings. It was a very comfortable but upscale French Steakhouse.

SERVICE
Our server was absolutely amazing. I wish I had written his name down as I did not have to pay this bill (thank goodness! 5 big guys in a steakhouse is not cheap). The server had a french accent which was neat it added to the atmosphere. He was EXTREMELY knowledgeable about the foods. He was also a really good salesmen as well taking opportunities to up sell or add on sell us. He did it in a fun way that tied into our group and our conversations. He did not do it in a cheesy or pushy way it was pretty cool. We all joked we should have him working in our store but he make to much money working here lol. GREAT SERVICE! 

FOOD
We skipped the appetizers this trip as we were in a hurry for dinner. However, they do have this bread in a bag with butter they give it. The bread was very good. Crispy outside, soft and warm inside and plenty for the table. 

The food was absolutely amazing. I had the 22 oz bone on ribeye with a bearnaise sauce and these little strips of potato. The steak was cooked perfect and one of the top steaks I ever eaten in my life. The right amount of fat, texture, and natural beef flavor the light seasoning pulled out was amazing. The flavor was great already and then the sauce was great for dipping. They also have different sauces you can have your steak with as well. I just love bearnaise sauce.

We also shared a few sides. The sauteed mushrooms were good. The others tried the roasted potato carrots and enjoyed them. I did not try them. The one side that was better than expect was the cauliflower potato mash. Very good when its warm just like all cooked cauliflower mashes when they get cold not so good. This was great though! 

My peers had hanger steaks and filet mignon and all were outstanding. We did not have a bad thing on our table. 

They also had a huge selection of alcohol and wines which we did not sample to provide feedback.

PRICE VALUE VS FOOD QUALITY 
This is a medium priced steakhouse for Las Vegas. The prices can be high in Vegas as everyone knows who has traveled there. However, the food quality and portion size for the price is absolutely reasonable and well worth the stay. Our same meal at another steakhouse that week was almost double and the food was actually better here.
