4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw You won't regret coming here. We were glad we did. It was really good, and we enjoyed an interesting culinary experience with the appetizer, dessert, and yea, i guess also the entrees although we might not have been hungry enough for them. We came with a big appetite, having not eaten much all day but a salad. But, the service was a little slow, so we technically ate too much bread before the appetizer even came out.

Probably first time trying a "real" sit-down restaurant in vegas that's not a buffet or some other kind of eatery. We had to try this one, which had the most reviews on yelp, and an impressive 4 stars. Plus it was in Paris, our favorite place to be it seems, and had a ton of people crowding around the restaurant making it seem like it had to be pretty good. Well, it was. Also, the prices were reasonable at around $20 and under per dish. There seems to always be quite a wait. A perk is you're supposed to be able to see the bellagio fountains if you sit outside, but it was a cold night, we already saw the fountains up close front and center, and the view seems partially blocked (it looks like there are cars and streets right in front) so we opted for inside.

Service:
Already mentioned our service was a tad on the slow side, which is hard when you're hungry and yet trying to not spoil your appetite completely by eating up all of the bread they bring out. A whole entire foot-long loaf of bread. What were we thinking! (they bring you an unbroken loaf in a paper bag). The waiter gave good honest recommendations though based on dish and taste, not price. We appreciated that. Someone else brought out our dishes. None of the contacts seemed overly friendly or conversational when we came in and sat down. But the good honest dish recommendations seemed to make up for that.

Environment:
We were seated adjacent to another couple with only a little gap between our tables. It felt like we were sharing a table with them which wasn't super cool, for making a trip especially out to a nice restaurant. So I wasn't particularly thrilled about the seats we were offered. And then, I was sitting on a chair, and my husband was on a booth, and his seat was lower so he felt a little funny being lower than me. Anyway onto the food!

Appetizer: 
Delicious!!!-Melted brie with honey and roasted garlic and glazed/toasted chickpea with 3 large pieces of toasted bruschetta bread to smear all the goodness on. It was SO good. But wish it came with more pieces of toasted bread!... Sharing the appetizer with two people means each person could only have 1 or 1 1/2 piece. So we ended up smearing it on the leftover bread they brought out in the beginning. That kind of worked too. yay.

Entrees:
Huge!!!-Lamb shank. There was so much lamb meat that we took the rest home. Ate way too much bread beforehand to eat much of this. Our waiter said it's braised for 18 hours or something. Not kidding, bring a huge appetite for this..it's humoungous. good too, especially if you're hungry.

Unique & good- Trout. It was butterflied, and then pan seared. Was a light, crispy dish, with a healthy portion of green beans gracing the top. No real sauce, just a lemon. I was surprised by the dish. Thought it would have a special sauce for some reason. We liked the crispiness of the fish, especially on the edges.

Dessert: 
pear-sage sorbet. Really good. Different. Unique. You'll really taste the pear (it tasted like there was pure purée in it, which there probably was), and you could really taste the sage. It was topped with a tiny bit of crispy sage for decoration. Like a hint of sage chips instead of kale chips. It was a really great way to end the meal; even though we were stuffed, we felt less stuffed and more balanced out after this refreshing dessert. It comes with two small scoops.
