_T7f2wUgNlJqxsR-cR89SQ UPDATE:

Upon my most recent visit I noticed the management has removed the florescent lighting which I had found so egregious. As I said in my original review, This was an extraordinary restaurant with the one large shortcoming. Well now this is simply an extraordinary restaurant and I've updated my rating to five stars to reflect such.   

The cuisine crafted here is truly cerebral and well planned. I'm always astonished how each element or component on the plate - and often they are  plentiful- all work so well off each other. Many of the pairings and combinations are classical, but some are truly inspired. Everyone nowadays accuses older chefs of "overthinking" their food, but I don't think it's possible. This kind of careful cooking shows so richly in the final product. Truly, la cuisine soignee. 
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The food here is extraordinary. I've been to - what in my opinion are the only other restaurants in the city that rival Scaramouche's cuisine and I would still say it's not possible to find this caliber of food anywhere else in Toronto. The quality of the food in both concept and execution is comparable to a one star Michelin restaurant. I've eaten here several dozen times, with different people and its always a safe bet for food. 

As amazing as the food is, the decor is not. For the most part the center of the dining room is fine and along the window optimal. However there is the most sickening, stomach churning florescent lighting along the back wall. If you happen to be seated facing that wall or your table is DIRECTLY UNDERNEATH that foul lighting....well it's tremendously unpleasant. I don't know who's genius idea it was to put florescent lighting in a fine dining establishment. Furthermore I truly can't  comprehend why anyone would then decide to place tables directly underneath that lighting! Florescent lighting belongs in the back of the house, if anywhere. To reiterate, florescent lighting should NEVER be in a formal dining room! Can I stress this point anymore? Perhaps, if it wasn't for this shortcoming, I would have given the restaurant five stars. 

Now that I'm done ranting, I'd like to add that the service is good, not to Michelin or classical french standards, but none the less very good. I will continue to dine here every time I'm in town and quite possibly every night I'm in town, providing I'm seated away from the offensive lighting. Ultimately this is a truly excellent restaurant with one big shortcoming.
