4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw This restaurant will make you feel like you're in Par-reeee ;) 

Directly under the Eiffel Tower and across the street from the Bellagio, this is a must for tourists. I'm all for free shows, the view is AWESOME. My entourage and I sat outside so we got to see the fountain show which was really nice especially when we were stuffing our faces with fancy French food! 

The free bread was pretty good, haha. Plow through this and ask for more! The service wasn't bad, the nice man serving us had to deal with us changing tables halfway through but he was totally cool about it!

 This place can get crazy crowded, make a reservation, it'll help! Well actually if you want to sit outside, it all depends on how busy they are. The day we went, I had a reservation but it didn't matter because we wanted to sit outside anyway. Cover your bases to ensure there's a table for your party. I think this was one of those places where I had to give them my credit card number to get a reservation, it's pretty serious haha! 

Food: I've had better French food in Seattle but I'm giving this place four stars for the experience. We all liked it very much, and despite everyone's different palettes, we were pleased with our dishes. I had the scallops, they were perfectly seared. The butternut squash was savory and complimented the scallops. It was around $25 for the dish, I thought it was fair. I also tried the escargot appetizer. I thought it was too oily, the snails were served in a pan with little circular slots. I think they were drizzled with a little bit of herb oil. I wouldn't order this again, but you can be the judge. The oil just made the snails unappealing, I've had escargot before but served in an actual sauce. I think that's a better way to cook them! 

Portions were generous. My friend ordered a salad and it was ginormous. All of us could have shared it, it looked good! My other friend ordered a sandwich and it came with a mountain of fries. Definitely a place where you could share if you wanted to! We walked all the way from Monte Carlo so we opted for our own and waddled our way back down the strip.
