4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw Top ten restaurants I've ever eaten at.  You have to eat on the patio.  Make a reservation a head of time or you will wait long long time.  My wife and I were seated smack dab in the middle of the patio over looking las vegas blvd and the Bellagio fountain.  Atmosphere including the people watching was mind blowing.  This is one of few if not the only patio restaurant located right on the strip.  We ate there before the sun went down and saw it all happen before are eyes.  The sun fell behind the Bellagio, the lights came on, the freaks came out!   
As far as the food goes it was top notch freaking mouth watering goodness.  Each byte of my steak was orgasmic!  I can't thank Joe (Friend/Waiter) for making the reservation for my wife and I enough.  
FREAKING UNBELIEVABLE!  OH!

One little side story to tell. Before we sat down my wife and I had been standing at the outside patio for about 25 minutes.  We were getting a little tired from being on our feet.  The best table on the patio becomes free.  I think in my head that would be great to be seated there but at this point lets just get a table!  Then all of a sudden this business type tycoon dude comes strolling in with his business partner and just sits smack down at that table I was eyeballing.  They didn't even get seated from an employee.  I thought right away this dude is either an owner or knows someone.  A few moments later our buzzer goes off.  We then go back to the front of the restaurant to be seated back on the patio.  We actually wait another 5 minutes and then all of a sudden I see the business tycoon and his partner being told they must stand in line.  I chuckle to myself and tell my wife what I witnessed.  Finally a woman comes up to us and says allow me to take you to your seat.  We follow her back through the restaurant out to the patio.  The lady turns to me and says we have a really good table for you and your wife.  I turn to my wife as were walking and regurgitate what the lady says and roll my eyes.  We walk back out to the patio and low and behold we get seated at the table that business dude just got booted from.  I felt like we were high rollers!   My wife and I sat down, kissed, and smiled at one another and then proceeded to have a two hour meal of our lives.
