4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw I'd been wanting to try this place for years, and on our last trip to Vegas, Boyfriend and I finally checked it out for brunch.  I had no real interest of sitting outside on the patio (it was a million degrees outside) so we were promptly seated inside.

The decor was cute, 1950s steakhouse meets chic Paris flat.  Service was....okay....our server was perfectly nice, but kept forgetting things we'd ask her for.  We almost always had to flag someone down for things, and food took a while to come out.

The food, though, was scrumptious.  Scrumptious enough for me to want to check out dinner as soon as possible.  

The brunch menu was small-ish.  I wish it were somewhat broader.  Boyfriend ordered a cheeseburger with pomme frites, served medium-rare with bacon.  He enjoyed the burger itself.  He doesn't enjoy French style French fries (irony?) and I didn't particularly care for these myself.  They were under-seasoned and soggy, not crispy.  But I agreed with him, the burger was solid.  I got the chicken, Apple and Brie crepe, which was tasty.  It wouldn't have been half as tasty, however, without that crazy creamy cheese sauce. Oh yeah.  Leave it to the French to create a cheesy buttery creamy sauce to make a chicken crepe A FRIGGIN CHICKEN CREPE.  I wanted a bowl of that sauce.  And I would've stuck my face in it.  Fer serious.  

I was looking around our table and noticed lots of items other people were ordering that were not on our brunch menus.  Experienced some mad FOOD FOMO, yo.  Realized they were offering items off the lunch menu, immediately waved someone to our table and requested the lunch menu.  As we were still hungry....(boyfriend didn't eat much of the pomme frites and both plates were on the small side).....We ordered more food!

French onion soup for the boy, escargots for me!  Escargots were fab.  Tender, salty, herby, garlicky, with awesome fresh and warm and crusty (a whole mini loaf) French bread to soak up all the snail juice.  So good.  And I took home the rest of the baguette for later snackings.  The French onion soup, however....Hm.  I mean.  I know a lot of people who've been here like it....But boyfriend and I didn't really care for it and didn't finish it.  Which is sad, because we really like French onion soup.  Mon Ami Gabi's version was okay, but definitely leaned towards the red wine side.  We like our soup a little more salty and beef stock-y.  And there was not enough cheese on top.  Sad tears of cheese lacking.  

Brunch items were not horribly pricey for the Strip, but lunch items were pushing it...$12 was too much for the soup, surely.  

I'm curious enough to come back, like I said, for dinner sometime.  And maybe then the patio viewing will be appropriate and helpful for the atmosphere.
