4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw I hate writing reviews about Strip restaurants because I'm just 1 out of a 1000 reviews. But I felt strongly enough about my last visit to waste some time venting here. 

7:30am on a brisk Saturday morning, I found myself crossing town on the way home from a night of a carousing. As I've been known to do on such nights, I decided it would be a fine time to indulge in a nice breakfast. Being that the weather was particularly tolerable for February, I decided to bask in it & dine on the patio at Mon Ami Gabi. I've enjoyed my similar visits in the past. Sure, the food isn't as good as Bouchon, but while it's not cheap, it's not quite as expensive, and the smoking-friendly patio has been enough to make up for any culinary shortcomings. So what happens when you disturb that equation? As it turns out, those pluses aren't strong enough to carry the place.

There were two things in particular that chapped my ass. Firstly, there was the construction team out working or surveying or whatever on the patio. I got there pretty close to opening, and hey, the works gotta get done sometime. But the incessant pacing back & forth, discussion, and ladder-arranging turned out to be disturbing enough to aggravate my otherwise saintly patience. Being that I'm such a nice guy, by the time I'd had enough the place started filling up, so the construction team was forced out by necessity, so I never had to speak up. I was distracted enough by everything that I didn't notice how filthy my water glass was. I'm not the kind of guy to bitch about things like that, but it was bad enough that I didn't feel out of place for asking for another glass. I explained what happened to the waiter, and he quickly replaced my glass. I continued on with my meal, and as I was done I picked up my water to find that the new one was just as bad as the first. Now, you would think that when someone - right or wrong - brings up a complaint like that the staff would spend the extra 30 seconds it would take to find the shiniest glass in the rack. Not at Mon Ami Gabi! By this point I was done eating, so I decided to just mention it to the waitress when she asked how everything was. Well, that opportunity never presented itself (which is a problem unto itself in my opinion). 

Am I nitpicking? Maybe. But Mon Ami Gabi is by no means cheap, and their food is not so spectacular that it makes up for everything else. And sure, breakfast is considered a "lesser" meal at places like this, but that doesn't mean they get a pass on anything that happens before noon. A year ago this would've given them a 4 star review. Maybe I'll try again and see if I caught them on an off day.
