_T7f2wUgNlJqxsR-cR89SQ I went for my birthday and they don't disappoint, ok well the hostess did. They ignored us and took forever to seat us and I had made a reservation. Side note, I also looked fantastic so I'm not sure why the snob reaction!

Shout out to our server Max. He was excellent. He was very knowledgeable about the menu and super friendly... did I mention super cute? He's from Germany and has the cutest accent, sadly though, married to the pastry chef. Zut. The other blonde waitress needs a few more lessons, she just dropped plates down without even a word. At these prices, you should take the time to introduce the menu.

We started with the oysters. I wasn't going to but they were Washington Kumamotos and we know how I feel about the small shelled oysters. The shuckers were not professional... Evident by the fact that there were bits of shell in my oyster. Yuck.

Then came the duck. The duck meat was ok. A little tough but I loved loved loved the pâté on a toasted piece of bread... Speaking of bread, I would go back just to eat the free bread. They have this raisin and pecan house bread that you cannot stop eating... I'm not lying when I said I had 4 pieces... The butter though needed to be thawed a little. It was as hard as ice. The baguette was pretty rocking too.

Then we had the 3 types of goat cheeses. My favourite was the log cheese on a toasted crustini from the Loire valley. Yummmmmmm.

For the main we had the partridge. The artichoke purée is of a Jerusalem variety so it had a very potato-y flavour to it...healthy mashed potatoes! Although it probably had more than a dollop of cream fraiche. It came with the breast of the bird - cooked in a vacuum bag and then pan fried for crispness. The leg, which was confit (cooked in its own fat) and the there was a huge (size of my palm) duck fois gras... The gravy sauce was a bit of a let down but the porcini mushrooms, beets and leeks were oh la la!

We finished with the blonde chocolate. It had a white chocolate, burnt so it had a woody caramel flavour to it. There was apricot fruit gravitas (chunky snow cone) sprinkled with dried honeycomb and chocolate bits. And since it was my birthday, they wrote happy birthday and put a candle in my dessert for me... Sweet.

They are famous for their coconut cream pie. We had ordered it but they had forgotten so Max was so lovely and packed me a piece to go. Now, coconut cream pie... Why would that be a specialty... a specialty they have had for 30 years and you can order a whole one to go... Because it is the greatest thing ever. Very generous portions of real coconut... Perfect sweetness to the cream and such a thin crust... It really is a must!

Scaramouche. It has taken me so long to get to you... I mean, you are in the basement of a condo building but true to their word, a lovely view of the Toronto skyline and valet parking. The valet parking guys were amazing. Great memory and quick to action.

Only downside to the experience, it took me 3 days to digest 8000 calories... I'm not kidding. I think my body is still trying to recover after a month.
