4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw There was a Mon Ami Gabi around my area in DC, and though I was curious, the menu was never enticing enough.  I eventually moved away without having ever tried it.  I noticed that MAG Las Vegas had a lot of good reviews, so last night we finally dined here.  Wow, I've been srsly missing out.

The menu was basically steak and then everything else.  Unfortunately, we had been grazing all day, so we were not able to order all we wanted.  What we did get:

Mussels- The full order was a little less than $30, and for an appetizer, it was more than enough for the two of us.  To me, the sauce was a little under-salted, but otherwise, very good.  I believe it had some sherry cream base and generous slices of garlic.  It paired really well with our first baguette, which was quite hard.  9/10

Burrata- This is an un-matured cheese...basically, you make a pouch in a mozzarella ball and fill it with curd and cream.  I thought the brininess of the olive tapenade countered the fresh, but otherwise almost neutral  taste of the cheese well.  I asked for more baguette to eat with this, since the three toast points this came with was not enough.  The second baguette was very soft, and I could not get enough of this and the burrata.  I'm very much a fat and carb addict, so I could've eaten this for my entree; it was so good!  My only issue was that at almost $15, this dish was a little over-priced.  9/10

Skate- We chose this as our entree, b/c this is one item that I won't be making at home anytime soon.  In fact, I think the last time we had this was in Kuala Lumpur ages ago.  I just don't see this on the menu in the States much.  And boy, am I glad we ordered it.  The skate was completely deboned and cooked to perfection.  My husband inhaled it so quickly.  He didn't like the fennel salad that came with this.  I could understand b/c the anise flavor of the fennel didn't pair well with skate.  Maybe something more vinegary/tart would've been better.  Licorice and fish just doesn't mesh perfectly.  And the skate could've been seasoned just a touch more.  But this is splitting hairs, b/c the dish was quite stellar.  9/10

I don't usually care much about restaurant ambience/location, but here, it is key.  We somehow got seated front and center to an incredible view of the Bellagio fountains.  It was mind-blowingly incredible!  I think we had the best seat in the house.  We were barely placed inside, at the midpoint of the patio.  If we had been placed on the patio, we would've been to close to the traffic or too exposed.  There was a lamp blocking our otherwise perfect view, but we really didn't think too much about it.  

Service was perfunctory, and I can't complain.  I would be very interested to return and try the steak (just need to come hungry enough).  I'm curious about the chicken, too.  Ina Garten makes such a big deal about french chicken that I'm curious what that is about.  Maybe the trout almondine too since I've never ordered it.  Did I mention the onion soup.  Gah, I'm such a little pig!
