4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw Had dinner reservations for a Thursday evening at 7pm, and checked earlier in the week with the host about availability for the patio. Upon instruction we arrived prior to our 7pm reservation, and were put on a waiting list for a patio table. Our wait was maybe 20 minutes (but I'm sure it's longer later in the evening and/or on weekends). Our table was not right on the edge of the fence which is probably best if you don't prefer to be very close to people walking by. I had really hoped that the view of the Bellagio fountain show would have been better. I knew it wasn't going to be great, but I forgot to take into account how many times buses and those ridiculous call girl advertisements go by. You can faintly hear the music, but overall if you want to see the fountain show don't plan on seeing it from MAG. Even though it was probably 90 degrees outside it was still very comfortable on the patio. I'd hate to see their electric bill, but from our table we could easily feel the air conditioning from the building. Our waiter was nice but not overly chatty. Even though we know it is just the French style the complimentary baguette was way too hard for my husband's taste, and it unfortunately went to waste for us. We ordered two of their steaks (Bordelaise and Roquefort) and thought they were okay. Their steaks are very thin cuts of meat so cooking them to temperature seems difficult. Their signature 'frites' were good, but not exactly what I would go out of my way to order to go with a steak. For dessert I had the chocolate mousse and my husband had the strawberries briand. They were both delicious and by far the best part of our meal. The strawberries for the briand were perfectly ripe and such a nice clean dessert after something like steak. Since it was my birthday our waiter even brought a little creme puff with an ice cream center with a candle. Such a lovely gesture and nice ending to our meal. Overall it was a fine meal, but just not quite our style. I think next time we would like to do breakfast instead since we have heard great things about their menu options.
