50-xiTYmE6NERi-yJ6NvHw Wow, I can't believe how this place has changed, and not for the better!  

I called last week to get some more details about the launch of their new "Dirty Bits" menu along with the farewell of their daily one dollar oyster specials.  (They now have daily specials but buck a shuck oysters on Tuesdays and Saturdays).

So it was advertised as an Oyster Shuck-Off, with different chefs doing the shucking at different oyster stations.  On the phone, I was told there would be four stations with four types of oysters, from both east and west coasts.  It sounded like a casual event where you would pay at the stations, get your oysters, have a few drinks and sample some of the new "bits".  It sounded like a fun launch!

This was not the case, by any means.  

1. There was only one type of oyster (Cascumpec Bay, P.E.I.).  That in itself was a disappointment. 

2. We sampled some extremely watered down cocktails and some really strong ones too.  The inconsistency was terrible.  Some would say I can't complain about complimentary drinks, but if that's any indication of what you'll be serving me when I pay, then I thank you.

3. I asked a server what was in a particular drink and she had no idea.  She said she would find out but she didn't.  This is a so-called "launch".  Shouldn't all the servers know the menu inside and out?

4. We sampled a few food items but it seemed as though the food would go one way and the drinks the other.  There was no balance.  Some patrons would get all the food, we happened to get most of the drinks.  This made no sense at all.  

Again, if you're showcasing a new menu, it would be to your benefit to put your best foot forward.  Instead, it was an unimpressive kick-off to a boring "new" menu.  

Oh right, to top it all off, I found a really cool looking organism living in my oyster.  I wish I took a video but it was replaced before I had a chance.  Good thing I showed it off to several people.  It was ALIVE and swimming in the seawater.  I guess that's as fresh as it gets?
