50-xiTYmE6NERi-yJ6NvHw For my family's annual Christmas dinner, we decided to stick with the O&B chain and try Biffs out. I was incredibly disappointed last year when we went to Jump instead of Biff's and I've been dying to try it since. 

We arrived right on time and were seated promptly upon arriving. They took our coats at the door, which was a nice touch. We did see they had oysters for $1 each by the dozen and they were keeping a little score tab at the front. I guess they order a few hundred and count down until they're all gone. This should tell you something about how good those oysters are ;)

We were a party of 6, so we decided to split a few appetizers to get a taste of everything. We had an order of Foie Gras, Pigs ears, a dozen oysters, lamb belly confit and deep fried smelts. The foie gras was served with a lovely little wonton (although that's not what it was, its the best word to describe the crispy stuffed triangle of deep fried goodness that accompanied the foie gras) and was excellent (luckily I got to eat almost all of it myself :D), the pigs ears were great, nice and crunchy in little strips. The lamb belly confit was out of this world good, but be sure that you get some of the sauce at the bottom and the little berries that come too. I've never had smelts before but they were quite nice, delicately breaded and fried and very simple. The oysters however... They had a nice light pile of freshly grated horseradish and some red wine vinagrette with shallots in it. I generally don't like horseradish out of the bottle, but the fresh horseradish was SO good, especially with the red wine and shallot vinagrette. Yum!

For my main, I ended up choosing the lamb shank, which I believe was a special that day. It was good, but having had lamb shank the week prior at another restaurant, I wasn't a fan of how the shank was prepared. There was no sauce or anything to the lamb. Very simply done but I felt it could have used a bit more, some sauce, some garnish, something to set off the flavor of the lamb a bit more.

Our server was quite good, if a little unsure of herself, but I think that was mainly due to the fact that english wasn't her first language and having to recall various components and ingredients may have proven difficult. However, she was very knowledgeable and pleasant to deal with.

A few things I didn't like: our table was very high compared to the height of the booth and chairs. I felt a bit like a kid in a big kid seat without a booster. The restaurant was slightly noisy, but I think the size of the tables made it more difficult to hear everyone because we were that much further apart. 

Overall, I really enjoyed Biff's and I hope to go back for another special meal soon. I had no idea it was tucked away on Front street, so close to the GO station and very conveniently located.
