58APdML-PG_OD4El2ePTvw After trying many of the Montreal breakfast/brunch places, decided to give this place a shot as well due to the good ratings on yelp.  It's close to the bus stop I regularly takes, which makes it super convenient.  A cute joint with very friendly staff.  Open kitchen, open market, grab stuff to go, bakery counter as well as plenty of tables to sit down.  Some of the smaller tables are a bit too close to each other for my taste, but guess it's quite common in Montreal restaurants.  It's almost like eating with your neighbours with 2 inches away from their tables.  

I had the "speculoo latte", which I was very excited to see.  After spending one summer in Belgium, Im totally in love with Speculoo and was very surprised to see they offered it.  Well, I was quite disappointed.  It's more a latte with a lot of cinnamon powders on the top, I didn't taste any speculoo at all or no signs of speculoo anywhere.  

I had the very popular Brunch Atlantic, which is a smoked salmon heaven.  The 1/2 bagel with the smoked salmon was perfectly crispy and right amount of cream cheese.  The salmon scramble was great with very fluffy eggs and bits of smoked salmon.  The salmon cake was unnecessary since it wasn't great.  It's very dry and hard.  It's a pretty bad salmon and potato croquette.  Fresh fruit and salad on the side was refreshing and nice.  And even comes with a juice.  For $19, it seems a bit steep, but with the free juice and the quality overall, it's a pretty good deal. Plus the staff was all very friendly which made the experience even more enjoyable.  
Stopped by the bakery to get some of their almond cakes to go.  The matcha almond cake was to die for.  Perfectly crispy on the outside and moist and nice flavour inside.  Definitely try that if you can.  The chocolate cherry muffin was too sweet for my taste and not a lot of cherries inside.  

Overall, a place that I'd return and I think its'a sold place to go for breakfast/brunches.    

Pretty popular place and doesn't take reservations, I'd go early or expect a queue.
