_T7f2wUgNlJqxsR-cR89SQ Scaramouche is housed on a hill with a wall of windows along the south side showcasing a beautiful view of the city; in summer we time our reservation so that we can watch the sunset, unfortunately in the winter months that's a wee bit early for dinner.  The décor is understated and contemporary; crisp white tablecloths accented by grey velvet chairs and banquettes, allowing the focus to remain on chef Kith Froggett's beautiful food.

We were there a couple Friday's ago with a girlfriend of mine (just getting around to the review now).  We took two bottles from our cellar; the first a 2007 Williams Selyam Zinfandel and the second a 2003 Chateau D'Arche Sauternes to share with dessert.  Our meal opened with an amuse bouche of Kabocha Squash soup with candied hazelnuts, delicious.  I love the amuse bouche, it's like a little hello, welcome and thank you for dining with us from the chef.

My girlfriend started with the Quebec Duck, recommended by our server since she couldn't quite make up her mind; such is the case when everything on the menu makes your mouth water.  Hubby and I both chose the Dungeness Crab Ravioli to begin.  The duck plating was deconstructed and elegant with foie gras terrine, duck breast pastrami, pickled wild leeks, griotte cherries, brioche toast, port jelly, pomegranate molasses and French walnuts, it was exquisite.  Our crab ravioli was served with a pan seared scallop, mustard greens, bok choy, radish and an uni butter sauce; there was one ravioli but it was huge and there was no shortage of crab stuffing, excellent.  I followed with the Fresh Partidge; I like to try something different, that I can't get, or wouldn't order anywhere else when I'm at a good restaurant.  The other mains looked wonderful but for me this was unquestionably the standout.  The partridge was served with the roasted breast and a cripy leg confit precut (both were so succulent and tender they just fell apart), a large serving of pan-seared foie gras sat over a perfectly thin potato pancake all atop wild mushrooms, peal onions, fois gras jus and huckleberries.  I thought I had died and gone to heaven.  I savoured every bite and would have licked the plate clean if there hadn't been a room full of other diners!  Hubby had the grilled Nova Scotia Lobster with Asian greens, shitake and honey mushrooms, coconut hurricane broth and ginger sesame mayonnaise; the lobster is served in it's tail but shelled so that you don't have to do any messy work, it was cooked to perfection.  The Steelhead Salmon was my girlfriends main choice, with toasted Nori tempura crust, sesame seeds, snap peas, Japanese eggplant, soya-braised shitake, scallions, coriander, soya-lime beurre blanc and fresh chillies; the salmon was flaky and juicy and although she says she doesn't usually finish her entrée her plate was left empty as well.

After all this we were certainly satisfied, but you don't go to Scaramouche and not have dessert....well I don't go to any good restaurant and not have dessert.  I'm also not a fan of sharing dessert, which I made clear to my husband very early in our relationship, within the first week or two maybe.  I had my heart set on the dessert that Scaramouche is famous for, the in house, from scratch Coconut Cream Pie!  This pie is so good that my husband bought a whole one for my birthday party a couple years ago.  Yes, you can pre-order them for take away; that's how popular this pie is.  As legend has it they attempted to take it off the menu many years ago but there was a revolt from the regular customers, and so to them I give my sincere gratitude.

The other desserts on the menu looked divine as well, the Honeycrisp Apple Kougin Amann in caramelized puff pastry with prune and Armagnac ice cream and apple cider reduction spoke to me, but I knew I would have dessert envy if I didn't have my coconut cream pie.  And so it was, in all it's glory, the coconut cream like whipped clouds piled several inches high on the lightest flakiest crust that you'd swear it was puff pastry all topped with a generous portion of shaved white chocolate.  Luscious, scrumptious, HEAVEN!  It was only my girlfriend that strayed from the pie, choosing the Manjari Chocolate Cremeux on top a chocolate macaron with coffee ice cream and a chocolate tuile which was so tasty hubby said he would likely order this next time.

Usually we ask our servers name, but we seemed to neglect this last night, which was too bad because she was excellent.  I would like to be seated in her section again.  She was warm, attentive, and had a good sense of humor; we like to have fun when we go for dinner so we tend to joke around with the servers a bit.  We find too often that people who go out to nicer restaurants are stuffy and treat the staff sort of secondary, but we like to make our servers part of our experience, that's part of the fun for us and I think that's why we always get fantastic service.

5 Starts Excellent!!
