5EIuCcoHY2evAhFMBV6G6g I really can't believe I have to give it two stars.  Possibly 2.5 (when the hell is Yelp gonna give us more flexibility?)

Service was very good (slow, but that's continental European style for you) but fawning, perhaps because we had a VIP with us.  

I started with the lobster bisque.  Good.  Not great, certainly not as orgasmic as many on here paint it out to be.  One fairly large hunk of lobster, but nothing else.  A nice, sweet taste to the broth but damn, do you need deeper bowls.  Spoons highly ineffective after eating 75% of it, so there goes money down the drain.

Wife had onion soup, REALLY onion-y.  Tasty but after so many bites, she had to leave it alone as it was too overwhelming.

Many of us ordered filet mignon and were underwhelmed.  It was far from bad, but for the ducats you're throwing down, and the expectations of a Joachim Splichal joint.... well, now we're venturing into "for real?" territory.  I have had better meat at several steakhouses that are less expensive.  It was a good filet.  But far from great.  In fact, ordered it medium and it came out at least medium rare, possibly even rare (on the border.)  

Wife had pumpkin ravioli, which was pretty tasty, but inconsequentially portioned for the price.  We get it, European style, but, we ARE in the US now, so a happy medium might be achieved with a bit more bang for the buck.  3, count 'em, 3 ravioli squares.  

Was nice to get a sampler of complimentary desserts (very much a fan of the tarte tatin and creme brulee, but the chocolate souffle was not that good.  Significantly underwhelmed, and both samples were left unfinished.  My advice is also to stay the hell away from the strawberries and goat cheese.... holy God, what a horrific afterbirth of taste.  

We had some decent wine and not too bad of a glass of muscat for dessert.  Took forever to get a mixed drink at the table (nearly 20 minutes.)  And we went on a Sunday night when the place was 2/3 empty.

We certainly had a "good" meal, but I've had so much better at a fraction of the price, both in Vegas and back home.

I advise the carnivores to hit up Lawry's (it's off the Strip but if you've been, you know you're always getting quality) or Fix at the Bellagio.
