5EIuCcoHY2evAhFMBV6G6g I have to admit that in the past, I've had problems finding a memorable dining experience in Las Vegas. Pinot changed all that.

The dining room was comfortable. It seems that many new restaurants that want to the diner to feel a sense of history try too hard. This was not the case with Pinot. Although I knew that this restaurant has only been here for a few years at the most, it had an ambiance that suggested decades of service. 

Their wine list was more than impressive. It had to have been at least 20 pages long and featured wines from the four corners of the earth. One could get a tad bit carried away in its pages. The bottles range from around $40 to well over $1500.  Thankfully they also serve wine by the glass. We each had a nice glass of a Barbera/Merlot blend which was $10/glass. 

As for the food:  My wife and I decided to order a half dozen oysters along with an endive salad as appetizers.  The oysters were fresh and full of flavor.  The endive salad was astonishing. The endives were garnished with walnuts, Roquefort, and orange zest; which was an unusual, albeit brilliant, combination. I had never tasted a combination of endives and orange zest in the past, but they compliment each other. The mixture of the sweetness of the orange and the bitterness of the endives is a taste that everyone should experience.

Dinner: My wife had a short rib that took little coaxing to come off the bone. I'm convinced that all she needed to do was snap her fingers and the meat would have complied. The short ribs tasted like pot roast. That should be enough for you. I had the braised ginger-citrus pork belly, which melted in my mouth. 

Dessert: The chocolate souffle. We honestly didn't think we would be able to have dessert. However, the waiter suggested the souffle and mentioned that it would take roughly fifteen minutes to bake. Deciding that we weren't in any hurry, we decided that a souffle was a great idea. Besides, fifteen minutes is ample time to let our stomachs do some digesting.   I can assure you that it was well worth the wait.

There were a few snafus during the meal. They brought out the wrong salad at first, but quickly replaced it. Plus, they need experience in making a cappuccino. The one that  was served to me was more like a latte with thick foam floating atop, which is not a cappuccino.  Neither of these incidents took away our pleasant dining experience.

All in all, the complete meal cost $135 without tip, which is reasonable for a restaurant of this caliber. 

They deserve these five stars.
