5fquJHY2hMX9tPRD5s0t5g My husband and I travelled from York, SC to meet friends for a concert Uptown on Thursday evening. One of the couples we were joining made a reservation for six at the Roosters Uptown location.

In the spirit of full disclosure, four of us arrived 15 minutes late to join the third couple at our reserved table. We entered the Bank of America complex on the wrong side and took a scenic tour of several catwalks, escalator banks and retail corridors in our quest to find the restaurant!  We were definitely late, and we accept responsibility for that.

However, a note to Rooster's:
(1) If you seat us, you are implying that it is within your professional capacity to serve us in a timely manner. 
(2) If it is apparent that you are in the midst of a rush you were inadequately prepared to handle, please alert the patrons arriving 15 minutes late to their reservation that it is in their best interest to dine elsewhere.
(3) If your server is so far in the weeds to be unable, in retrospect, to take appetizer orders within the first 1/2 hour of the experience (let alone entree selections), simply be apologetic and bring our checks when they are requested. Snarky, rude servers reflect very poorly on the managerial staff of any establishment.

As far as the actual dining room and the tiny sampling of the menu we accomplished:
(1) The ambience is fantastic. In an area surrounded by modern, sleek and minimalist designs, Roosters manages to carve out a tiny niche reminiscent of a converted farmhouse, complete with lowered ceilings, weathered wood tables and beautiful iron chandeliers. The restaurant felt intimate and casual but with an elegant touch.
(2) The Skinny Margarita Martini was perfect. Fresh lime pulp added just enough tartness....full flavor, ice cold, and delicious.
(3) The beer selection was fairly good and was served very cold. The server offered an excellent suggestion to my husband when his first choice was not available.
(4) The bread is hardy, with a nutty flavor - paired with the dipping oil it is a wonderful start to what could have been a rich and tasty dinner.
(5) Only negative; the water was strangely metallic and, well...yucky.
