63qPRnFAjxtchnSTWBxwbw We chose this restaurant at random, based on a handful of factors. It was close to our hotel; it was close to a metro station; they had things other than poutine on the menu; they were open.

We needed a quick but hearty meal before heading to a music festival the morning we stopped here, and in that we weren't disappointed. The restaurant was one of few along the Rue Saint-Denis that were open at the time, and we didn't really want to spend too much time wandering when we had a trip to manage.

So, we entered the establishment and walked up the stairs to be greeted and seated by one of the waitresses working that day. She gave us a small table next to the windows, so we were able to watch the street wake up.

The menu, as I mentioned, featured items other than poutine, and though that was my requirement for the day, what did I end up ordering but a variation of poutine! We placed our orders - a Mexican version for me (meat, salsa, guacamole and salsa, complete with one tortilla chip), and the L'eau à la Bush for him (steak, onions and mushrooms). Much as we wanted to add a beer to our order, we both abstained and went with just water, instead. We were planning on being in the sun at the festival all day, after all, and wanted to be as hydrated as possible going in.

The restaurant is rather large, and very bright and airy, thanks to the large windows. It was nice sitting there, enjoying the breeze and people-watching. I enjoyed that part very much.

Our food came out pretty quickly, and I was surprised by the servings. Initially, I thought they were kind of small, but once we dug in, I realized how deceptive looks can be. There was a lot of food there!

So yes, they were fries, and probably not the healthiest of choices, but it was pretty dang good. My version was like a taco on fries, plus the brown gravy that seems to be everywhere. I didn't think I'd enjoy it quite as much as I did, especially given the fact that I didn't think brown gravy would pair with things like sour cream and guacamole. Silly me.

My husband's meal was a bit more "typical", with meat and sauce mixed in with his fries. He enjoyed his tremendously, and put a pretty good dent into his bowl. I didn't do quite so well with mine - it was a lot of food, I tell ya! - but I certainly was full by the time I tapped.

The waitress was friendly, and kept coming by to ensure our water glasses were full, and to check  on us. It was nice, considering there were only three other tables occupied at that time. 

Overall, it was a good, quick, cheap experience that filled us up and helped us prep for the day ahead. Random it might have been, I am glad we ended up here.
