6GCbZASjMnAPYBWLc_z30g Our visit was just OK- I'd say 2.75 stars.  My Quiche Florentine, with a side salad and buttermilk muffin were tasty: loved the textures in the quiche-- fluffy eggs, parmesan flavor in the egg and spinach mixture, as well as baked into the buttery crust itself, without the whole pie being too rich. https://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mimis-cafe-scottsdale?select=C9NjoQOwjlnegvD_qBzXOg  Also, as our server pointed out how she loved that the spinach leaves are whole and radiate from the center, rather than in small bits scattered about.  The presentation was very nice.  My coffee, served black, was OK.  Don't know why the photo I took of Mom's Mushroom and Swiss burger on brioche didn't materialize, but she said it was delicious; It certainly looked appetizing.  I had a bite of the frites, and it looked overcooked, yet soggy, and tasted greasy-- what most "frites" turn out to be, or what most of my experiences of frites have been, anyway.

Service was decent on our table, but I could faintly hear complaints/observations made by some of the employees there.  It's a bit akin to hearing cooks shouting expletives from the kitchen-- makes me feel a bit uneasy, but helps to remind me to be a little more careful not to repeat similar actions while at work myself.  Striving for more professionalism never hurts!  Oh, and the atmosphere seemed changed from our last visit at a Mimi's Cafe, which were a few years back (maybe six or seven years ago, back when their current Thanksgiving special of $19.99 was offered at $14.95).  

I'd return for the quiche and the buttermilk muffin! https://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mimis-cafe-scottsdale?select=4mdmU8t0qN3t2OZAP04BGw  I'd return to try other muffin varieties, as well as try items from the specials board.  Do consider signing up with your email for specials.  We used a buy one, get one with the purchase of two beverages coupon.  I was hoping to try out their steak entrees, but Mom wanted to try the burger, so the steaks will have to be for another time.
