6GCbZASjMnAPYBWLc_z30g I've been patronizing Mimi's for over 30 years and I am sad to report that they have finally reached their lowest point, at least at this location.  I have always been a BIG fan of Mimi's but this latest visit for a late breakfast on a Sunday morning was the most disappointing visit ever.  After almost a 20 minute wait we were finally seated even though the restaurant did not appear to be full.  The young girls who were taking names and seating customers didn't seem to know what they were doing.  Despite giving us one of those ridiculous vibrating devices with flashing red lights, they came outside at least twice looking for someone they could not find.  

The biggest disappointment was the cost of our breakfast dishes for what we received.  We each ordered a mimosa with a low end sparkling wine which cost almost $8 each.  My wife ordered their bacon apple waffles which were very good and tasty but there were only 3 tiny waffles about the diameter of a tennis ball . . . completely bare and accompanied by the tiny cup of syrup with chopped apples and bacon bits.  I have a French variation of eggs Benedict which was also pretty tasty but pricey for two small poached eggs on some seasoned mashed potatoes and spinach.

Our server was efficient but somewhat intense and not very personable.  Even the carpet in the dining area appeared dirty and unkempt.  Just not a great experience.  Probably won't return to ANY Mimi's for some time because they have definitely lost their edge and reputation as an upscale value chain restaurant.

Although I am a budding senior citizen (my wife is NOT) I'm beginning to feel out of place at Mimi's which is often populated by a sea of white hairs and snow birds who don't seem to mind their mediocre, high priced fare set in a sort of Disneyesque French atmosphere.  It just doesn't resonate with me anymore and it doesn't feel at all upscale middle of the road like it used when they first opened restaurants in So Cal where I used to live.
