6GCbZASjMnAPYBWLc_z30g Embarrasingly bad Beef Bourguignon! 

I just had dinner there and felt inspired to write a review (warning?!) for others.  I steer clear of fresh fish and steaks at places like this, opting for the safer dishes that you shouldn't be able to mess up.  But did they mess it up! 

My 'Bourguignon' was a giant single hunk of beef (like a pot roast) with a bit of sauce poured over it.  There were a miniscule number of mushrooms in the sauce, and the onions - red sliced onions - were raw and bitter (as in a salad).  The carrots were served on the side along with brocolli, like a steamed vegetable accompaniment. Now, a bourguignon should have cubed beef, and the onions, carrots, and such should be cooked in the broth for over an hour, infusing them with the flavors of the sauce. 

They do have a 'pot roast' on the menu - "Slowly braised chuck roast with mashed potatoes and fresh vegetables" - I think that's what they served me. This is the description for their bourguignon: "Tender chuck roast simmered in a flavorful vegetable stew with mushrooms, carrots, red onions and seasonal vegetables. Served with mashed potoates" - I wonder if the 'chef' knows the difference?!

Edited to add: I also got off to a bad start here; our waiter started out with 'have you dined with us before?' - this has become a trigger to me and immediately puts me on the defensive (the first thing I want to hear is, 'can I start you out with a drink or appetizer?').  So if I say no, does that mean I'm going to have to listen to him rave on about how good their food is, and help me read their laminated, over-produced menu?  Or is he going to sell me on their 'signature desserts', or their 'buy 5 get one free' program?  If I say yes, is he going to ask me what my favorite is ... It seems such a pointless question ... (like the current fad of "did you find everything OK?" at the grocery checkout ... what are they going to say if you are honest and couldn't find half the stuff you wanted ....?)
