0d6kx6Jlocw77y1J9nbqMA I would have never found this place if it hadn't been for good 'ol Yelp.  To say it's a "hidden gem" is an understatement.  Even using my GPS, I got lost.  My friend meeting me there also got lost.  I shoulda snapped a picture of the entrance for my fellow Yelpers.

Walking in I didn't really know what to expect.  The decor wasn't cohesive... pink doily place mats and a large red wall.  There was only one other person sitting in the small bistro when I walked in.  As I sat and waited for my lost friend I enjoyed some wine and delicious freshly baked bread.  The cashier/server was very attentive and helpful.
  
Now for the good stuff:  For starters to our main course, my friend and I both had a bowl of French Onion Soup.  Perfect combination of green and white onions with cheesy goodness and a slice of sunflower seed bread on top.  I'm not sure how they did it but the bread wasn't a total soggy mess.  There was still some crunch to the crust.  I didn't want to stop eating it but I had to make room for my main course... the Roasted Veal and Potatoes.  Let me just say that it was very hard to settle on this dish.  Everything on the menu sounded so good.  Then the server came by and said the lunch menu was also available for dinner.  I couldn't handle it - I saw a brie sandwich and knew I had to make serious decisions.  I ended up going with the veal and my friend had the mussles.  As our food came and I tasted my first bite, suddenly the pink doilies and the red wall faded.  La Vie en Rose started playing in my head and I was transported to the cobblestone streets of France.  Dare I say it was the best piece of veal I've ever had?  The yellow sauce it was laying on top of was a creamy delight.  Also underneath the meat were square cut potatoes, cooked perfectly.  

The owner, or who I assumed was the owner, came by and showed us how they take the mussle out of its shell in France.  A very neat trick.  You'll have to ask him how to do it when you visit.  I wish I could say I kept room for desert but I couldn't stop eating the veal.  It will just give me another reason to go back.  Maybe I'll start with the desert first this time... live on the wild side.  I rarely give out 5 starts but any food that can take me to France with just one bite is well worth it.
