0d6kx6Jlocw77y1J9nbqMA My husband and I heard many good things about this place so off we go. We get seated they take the order. Good so far. Menu looks good. Then I hear two waitresses arguing about our order. We order the croque Madame and a bltc and a French onion soup. About 20 minutes later a different waitress comes over and retakes the order. Still we r not that concerned. 40 minutes later (1 hour since we ordered) we get the the croque madam and then they set our other sandwich and soup down at the table next to us.  Oh sorry this is theirs and move it to our table.  They then apology for the delay and off they go. Prior to this the delay has not been mentioned although the two waitresses have been to our table multiple times. (never on their own only on our request). My husband takes a bite of the chicken blt and it is raw!  RAW chicken!  We have to call a server over (not the two waitresses a man) show him it is raw he agrees, we explain that we have also waited an hour.  They then proceed to justify the RAW chicken by explaining that they have someone training. He then takes it away. I don't know about u but we don't want a new one. We are a little turned off at this point. the rest of the meal is mediocre not great just ok. The bill comes and they have removed the chicken sandwich but are still justifying the RAW chicken and the delay. I ask for the manager. We felt that if they wanted to ensure our return we should not have paid for anything. The manager comes over and it is the man that took the sandwich away. He proceeded to once again justify the delay and raw chicken. I told him that a free sandwich we did not eat because it was raw was not the appropriate way to take care of a customer. Until the check came we were more than polite. The waitress was now at the table as well. She says "do u want the meal for free". I respond "it is not about the money I will pay however you should have offered it for free". She got upset grabbed the check and said " fine don't pay". It wasn't that we did not want to pay but our experience here was horrific. If it was my business I would have waived the entire bill and gave a gift certificate to come back. Taking the RAW chicken off the bill is just not good enough. We put $20 on the table and left. We will never go here again and tell everyone we know this story. A zero rating is more appropriate.
