741v9WSq3BceeRyBLCvF9g If you're looking for a nice place to eat where the courses build upon themselves and your taste buds get teased and pleased, I am going to say, go here. 

There are 3 prix fixe options: 7, 9 and 11. There is also a drink pairing or a sake pairing option for each (priced differently, because I'm guessing there are more drinks for more courses). The courses were actually of appropriate size. And after the end of 7 courses, my girlfriend and I were both very full. We were surprised to read a small number of reviews which said they felt the portions were too small and weren't full afterwards. The drink pairing that we had was fantastic. It went very well with the courses we had. I can still remember the first two drinks vividly: the sake with yuzu juice, and the "pearls of perfection" were awesome!

We thought the food tasted amazing. It's very pretty (as all the other reviewers have pointed out).  But more importantly, it's very easy to notice that a lot of planning went into how the courses and items connected with one another. The taste of pumpkin was carried over quite a bit in our meal. All the elements sort of spoke for themselves within each course--each element served a very nice purpose, and of course the quality of the products made them taste very good. There was a slice of duck meat that I can still picture the taste of right now...and I can remember the smile on my face when I ate it! The term we used to describe the food was that it was "slap-the-table" good. Every course was bang on.

The restaurant is small. I think a reservation may help, but I didn't think it was necessary when we went last night. There were only 4 tables being served last night. I felt like that lead to a nice ambience (not overly crowd, not a lot of hustle/bustle). We certainly spent longer than 2 hours there (which I think was supposed to be the allotted number of hours for the reservation?), but no one complained! 

The service was outstanding. The plates were explained to us very clearly. When we asked questions, they made sure to relate their answers in a way that we could understand it. And most importantly, the staff was friendly and smiled lots.

One thing I didn't see notice in other reviews is that dishes here is that there is red meat in some courses (I guess I didn't read the reviews closely enough...). One of us can't eat shellfish (me), and the other doesn't eat meat. Unfortunately, not knowing this, I only told the staff about my shellfish allergy when I made the reservation. So I ended up eating parts of her dish that had meat in it. She didn't mind, but I wish I had known so that we could have told them ahead of time in order for her to have a complete experience.

Overall, I would definitely come back here!
