0d6kx6Jlocw77y1J9nbqMA We've been here four times in less than 2 months I have a feeling we will go here many, many, many more times.  It's one of my new favorite places in Scottsdale. 

I had the mushroom quiche (each time) obviously delicious if I ordered it 4 times in a row.  I usually like to try new things the first few times I go to a restaurant and then settle in on my favorite items but... each time I go, I remember how amazing the quiche was, and just order it again.  It comes with a salad and super yummy vinaigrette.  I always loved that about European restaurants, they serve salad with their egg dishes instead of potatoes. The crust on the quiche is amazing and I love that it comes out square instead of pie shaped so I get yummy crust with over half my bites!  Gary has gotten the 4 cheese quiche 3 times and an omlette the other time. He says it's the best 4 cheese quiche he's ever had.

The most amazing part of the restaurant is their pastry selection!  Oh My Gosh, SO incredible!  and SO Delicious!  We have now tried four, five, six (?) different pastries.   The raspberry rose pastry is wonderful and so fresh tasting, like a flower garden.  The 3 chocolate parfait pastry was not my favorite.  When I looked at it I thought the chocolate layers were going to be creamy and soft and they were hard and cold, it was good, but I wouldn't get it again.  The French Brest is praline between two yummy puff pastry cookies.  That was delicious, very sweet, very creamy, melted in my mouth.  AND my favorite was the French Meringue. I've gotten that one twice.  It was spectacular, super sweet, all white, a meringue that was heavenly and a cream frosting that was out of this world!  I'll have to brush up on my French pastry terminology.

They were a little slow getting to us on our second visit and they gave us a bag of cookies for the wait!  I thought that was nice of them and totally unexpected.

The decor is grey and pink with lots of framed fashion photos.  The owners are there working the tables, asking what their customers thought and if they need anything.  That is always a good sign to me, caring owners... with French accents, witch makes my experience all the better.

If you have not been here yet!  GO! GO! GO!
