7MltaA4C_wYJ72JHCOS4zQ I stopped by here a couple of Saturdays ago with my wife for dinner.  We had made reservations to Cocothe on OpenTable and since we were celebrating our anniversary I selected that box.  The outside of Cocothe isn't much to look at and and you could easily walk right past it on Beaver without really noticing it.  That's not to say that it looks bad but more that it blends well into its surrounding.  It's inside is really nice though and decorated chicly in mostly blacks and whites.  There is a large bar on the one side and the rest is all dining room seating.  As soon as we got there we checked in with the mater d and were immediately ushered to our table.  Then since it was our anniversary they brought out two complimentary flutes of champagne which I thought was a great touch.  So my wife and I toasted our anniversary and got down to looking at the menu.

For dinner on this evening my wife and I decided to each order an appetizer and split them.  I decided on the beef tartare while my wife went with the tuna crudo.  Then for my entree I chose a blackened sea bass on top of hot pepper cavatelli with a shrimp and crawdad cream sauce. Our waitress confirmed that I was ok with it being a little spicy before leaving the table and since I love spicy food, I was.  Whenever our appetizers came out I thought they were plated beautifully, especially the tuna crudo which had little squares of fruits (including dragonfruit) accompanying the tuna.  Both of the appetizers tasted nicely as well and I liked the creaminess of the yolks that came with the beef tartare.  My only complaint about that dish was that it was majorly under seasoned and probably could have used something else to give it some more flavor (truffle oil perhaps?). The tuna crudo was perfect though as the tuna itself had some great flavor and I loved pairing it with the little squares of fruit (acidity).  After we had finished our appetizers we had a little bit of a wait before our entrees came out.  Whenever I saw mine I got pretty excited as it looked fantastic.  It didn't disappoint either as the sea bass was cooked perfectly as it was glistening in the middle and had a nice crust of top.  It's flavor was pretty mild which paired nicely against the rest of the dish.  The pasta had a nice heat to it, as advertised, which I thought was perfect as you could taste the pepper and the heat lingered a bit but didn't overwhelm and could easily be cooled down with the cream sauce.  Speaking of the sauce, I found it to be flavorful with slight hints of savory sweetness from the seafood.  It was good enough that I ultimately ended up using the bread to soak up the rest of it and eat it.  Then for dessert my wife and I ended up splitting a peach creme brûlée which I don't think I have seen before.  It had a nice custard with the requisite sugary top and I was impressed that the peach flavor was present and yet not overwhelming.

The bottom line for me is that I would head back to Cocothe again in the future.  We had some good service and all of the food tasted great.
