7Ug8zCmY6iDTewxWqeYQ2g eat pray love

:Plateau:

Really, really good food is a spiritual thing.  Truly.  So be prepared to be blessed.

One week today I had a holy-er-than-thou meal at the hidden le Quartier général.  I say hidden because it's off the beaten path, as it were.  

There are two things you need to know before we continue.  The first is APPORTEZ VOTRE VIN.  And in Montreal that means no fee-no fuss.  Second, reservations are mandatory.  Seatings at 6 or 9.  

My sister first heard about Quartier from our hair-god.  He recommended it about six months ago.  And he has wonderful taste in food - recall Les Heritiers.  

We arrived promptly for our 9 pm reservation - as did everyone else.  It is an understated restaurant with beautiful details.  

Don't worry if you can't read or understand le menu du soir .  Quartier's servers are equipped to describe every delectable detail.  Our server was especially good - you can tell she genuinely loves the food.  

And why wouldn't she?  They have so many brilliant dishes to choose from.  We finally settled on three different appetizers, mains, and desserts.  To share is to spread love.

I recommend the table d'hote (set menu) because it's only an additional $12 (onto the price of the main).

This meal had some of the most delicious things I've put in my mouth all year...pause.  Let's begin shall we?  Soup ou salad?

I went with the salad because I rarely eat enough veggies.  It was simple.  Greens in a really delightful light citrus dressing.  

The appetizers: 

Tataki de marlin bleu - lightly seared tuna with some sort of sour cream/creme fraiche goat cheese/chevre sauce and miso-glaze with some edamame.

Foie gras pol (an extra $10).  One of the best foies I've had served with brioche 
 
"Crab Cake"  - perfectly fried crust with a delicate and subtle inside.

I love foie, but my favourite was the marlin bleu.  That white creamy sauce was O-mazing.

After a perfectly timed break we were served our mains:
 
Souris d'agneau aka lamb - not the shank but from the butt - yes...It was served with barley, and not the tasteless tree-hugging barley but the flavourful rich barley.

Beef 1855 Tender Loin - Medium rare boeuf with 1855 cheese atop perfect mush potatoes.
 
Cod with fennel and cabbage - Light as air but packed with flavour.

My favourite?  The lamb...perfection.

The apple crumble and cheesecake were okay.  I didn't like the shortbread cookie that came with the crumble - it was rock hard.  And, um, I don't like cheesecake.

Their vanilla crème brûlée, on the other hand, was magically delicious.  I let out a hallelu, hallelu, halleluuuu...iah. 

le Quartier général really serves something special.  It's not just the ingredients that matter, it's what they do with it.  A delicious meal that makes you climax over, and over, and over again.  That's pretty insane.  Get it on
