7Ym8NVxTO9b1FLGeWGp_Fg This is my first time trying this restaurant and we only tried the tasting menu for $88 for two. I gotta say,  the food wait time is bad, so this would be a 3 stars review from me but because of the food quality and pricing, I give it a 4 this time.

Food - 4 stars The tasting menu has 5 courses:
Raw Oyster - it's very fresh and served cold and it doesn't has the unpleasant "fishy" smell which I am quite sensitive to . I like this dish.
Salads - I personally like the Caesar salad better (especially the bacon, lol) than the beet  and carrot salads
Pizza- it's quite nice and served fresh from the oven with a very nice cheese and truffle flavour
Duck confit- is a bit on the dry side but still acceptable. The beer foam probably helped abit to balance out on the sweetness of the duck. I think if the foam is somehow incorporated part of the sauce on the duck, probably better.  
Cod- very nicely cooked and soft. But the risotto is abit bland, maybe for the reason in not trying to over power the cod taste.. but as it stands, something is missing with this combination of the cod and the risotto, IMO. :)
Dessert- we tried both the lava cake and the disassembled cheese cake. The plating for both are pretty. The lava cake is excellent, soft and warm from the inside and rich with chocolate flavours. I would prefer this over the cheese cake if I have to pick between the two.

I think folks should try the tasting menu as I think it's good to try different dishes at the same time.

Service- ok- The waiter is trying hard to serve us but I guess maybe it's too many customer that night, he doesn't have much time for us until after I complain about the main course wait time ... but it's forgiving since we don't need much attention.

The food wait time: -1 star at least.
Not sure what's going on, but the wait time is horrible. Especially when waiting for the main course. I guess what upset me the most is after some long wait, the 3 guests from the table who sat diagonals to us ( window table in front of the curtains by the open kitchen) who arrive at least 30 minutes later than us but got their main dishes first before my table... even when they are finished with the main course, ours still hasn't arrive. That's when I decided to ask the waiter on the status of my food and the response is kitchen are behind. I am not sure how their queueing/priority system works but definitely something is wrong.

Tasting menu price- +1 star - $88 for two, I thinks it's pretty good pricing 

I don't think the menu item choices would make big differences on the overall food wait time, meaning I were to order regular menu items with regular price, I would leaning toward a 3 stars review but I did have the tasting menu- a 4 stars this time. 

Hopefully they will improve the wait time and I am sure I would enjoy this much more. :)
