7Ym8NVxTO9b1FLGeWGp_Fg It was fairly easy to get a reservation here for 2 on Friday night. We had an extra friend join us last minute and they were able to accommodate on the spot which was great. 

Atmosphere: We were seated downstairs next to the kitchen area where the bar stools are. The design of the restaurant is beautiful however I do find it to be noisy and difficult to talk as sound seemed to stay within the dining area combined with the sounds from the kitchen. The view of the carousel and the small 'pool' was nice though. It's not downtown Toronto lake view but definitely still a good one. 

Service: The servers and host were friendly and very attentive. They were knowledgeable about their menu and seemed to really take pride in the products of their restaurant. 

Beverages: Unfortunately they don't have their liquor license yet so that was definitely a downside for me on a Friday night after a long weekend of work. Plus some of the dishes would've really went well with some wine! 

Food: We ordered 3 starters and 3 mains for each of us and shared. 
Foie Gras Mousse with Pistachio, Hawthorne Cherry Compote, Brioche - For me this was underwhelming. It tasted pretty good but there is nothing amazing about it that I would order again. 
Tune & Salmon Ceviche, Yuzu, Ginger, Crispy Barley and Toast - I actually really enjoyed this dish. There's a layer of avocado at the bottom, then salmon on top and thick strips of tuna on top of that. I'm use to ceviche being a bit more tangy with the lime but this was a refreshing dish. 
Beef Tartare - This was my least favourite starter. There was a lack of taste. 
Duck Confit - Duck was great. Tender and full of flavour. Especially enjoyed the beer foam. 
Black Cod - absolutely enjoyed this dish. The risotto was green and looks a bit like slime but it's delicious and looks different from what you'd ever eat. The cod was so perfectly cooked. 
Salmon - I'm a stickler for perfectly cooked salmon and this was really perfectly cooked. The sautéed chick peas and veggies was lack a little bit of flavour. The salmon tasted just as a salmon would so I would hope the vegetables would've had a little more kick to it. 

Overall it was an enjoyable dining experience but I can't say I would again.
