7Ym8NVxTO9b1FLGeWGp_Fg I came here on a Wednesday night for dinner around 5:30 pm. My date and I had the whole place to ourselves. It wasn't until around 6-6:30 when it started getting busy. We opted for the tasting menu which was $85 and we had high expectations for such a high price.

Let's talk about the food:

Amusebouche (black truffle on toast with Parmesan cheese) - It was good except the Parmesan cheese overwhelmed the black truffle.

Tuna (ceviche, yuzu, ginger, crispy barley) - This was standard. I liked the yuzu but the citrus was a tad overwhelming if I was being critical.

Foie Gras (mousse, pistachio, Hawthorn cherry compote, toast) - I've never been a fan of mousse foie gras because I find the texture weird and it loses its taste.

Carrots & Beets (goat cheese, candied quinoa, maple tarragon vinaigrette) - This was good but not a standout.

Black Cod (mizo glaze, spinach risotto, peashoots) - This is the highlight of the night. The fish was perfectly cooked and the mizo glaze wasn't too sweet. I would come back just for this.

Panna cotta palate cleanser (bonus) - They were kind enough to give a palate cleanser that wasn't part of the tasting menu. I personally thought it was a weird choice to use panna cotta as a palate cleanser because it's almost a dessert. I was expecting something pickled but this sort of worked (but not really at the same time). I was just a bit confused.

Duck (confit, charred corn, whipped potato, beer foam) - I thought that the beer foam went well with the duck but my boyfriend didn't think so. The duck itself was done well but the teriyaki sauce was a bit on the sweet side. It doesn't help that the corn is also sweet.

Mascarpone Cheesecake (hazelnut brittle, balsamic reduction, seasonal fruits) - This was a very weird dish. I can't say I like it or hate it. The texture of the cheesecake is very much like melted cheese, it's very hard to pull apart (very cheesy and stretchy). The balsamic reduction paired with the cheesecake was not my favourite. I think the balsamic reduction would've worked if they put less on the plate.

The tasting menu in general is very Asian inspired. I feel like this restaurant is going for a French-Asian fusion. I also find the tasting menu to be very sweet and sugary. Five out of the eight dishes had some sort of sugar involved. I know it's a very weird comment but it really affected the overall flavours of the tasting menu. By the time we got to the duck confit, I almost couldn't finish it because I was so overwhelmed. The timing of the tasting menu was also quite fast. That's usually not my complaint at a restaurant but because we were the only people at the restaurant, they brought out everything a tad too quickly.

The service was good and the people were friendly. I think I'll give them several more months to work out the kink and I might go back to try their a la cart items.
