8ciT6qjI18x9EPtOb-gqYQ I'm a little torn about how to review this place.  We had a tasty meal but it was not without flaws.

First, the restaurant is really crammed in.  The tables are too small and they are all really close together.  I had to listen to everyone's conversation and bathe in the perfume of the table next to me.

The bread they serve is fresh and delicious.  The butter is blended with herbs and is so tasty that you will want to eat it all.

For the first course we ordered the Interesting Cheeses plate.  It was absolutely divine.  Four very different cheeses served with nuts, dried fruit and toasts.  We loved this plate.

For the second course we had salads - he the Citrus and Beet and me the Taleggio.  Minor hiccup here was that I ordered mine without onions and of course it came with.  The server did not check on us until this course was over, so I just ended up picking them out.  Other than that the salads were delicious - good fresh ingredients and not over dressed with salad dressing.

For the main course I had the Lobster and he the Filet.  My lobster was different - it was asparagus spears on the bottom, then risotto and then the lobster on top.  The asparagus and the lobster were cold and the risotto was warm.  I did appreciate that the lobster was not served as a butter delivery vehicle and was meant to stand on it's own.  The risotto had a lot of diced vegetables and fruit in it - which was new for me in this dish and I was pleasantly surprised at how well all the flavors came together.

Hubby enjoyed his filet.  He said the meat was cooked perfectly, but at first he found the sauce on it a little overpowering (the whole steak was dripping in it).  The mashed potatoes and spinach were great.

For this type of dining, we were both pleasantly surprised at the size of the portions.  We thought everything would be much smaller than it was.  We somehow still managed to order a dessert though - the Banana Brulee.  I'm not generally a big fan of banana desserts, but I would get this one again.  It was a chocolate cookie crumb tart shell filled with some divine pudding with banana slices on top.  The top was fired to create the hard shell on the brulee.  The flavors were delicious.

One last note about the restaurant, I really appreciated that the courses were appropriately timed, with a nice gap between each one.  It annoys me to no end when a restaurant brings one course before you have finished the previous one.

Overall, it was a pleasant experience, and one we may return to when our piggy bank is full again.
