8ciT6qjI18x9EPtOb-gqYQ We had a great night here last night for our anniversary and we brought our 23 year old son from Los Angeles to celebrate with us. We loved our night, but that was mostly because we were with this young guy who we don't get to see very often. The white bean soup had very few white beans and was basically an overly-salty italian soup. The filets were delicious but extremely overpriced as was the pork tenderloin. The service was great, and they brought a few strawberries and some whipped cream as an anniversary treat for us. 

We like Coup des Tartes but the only time we can afford going here is when they offer a Groupon or some discount. Honestly, the prices on their regular menu are just sky high. It's very disconcerting when you first walk in and look at the menu. I hate to see another restaurant that we enjoy being converted to another one of those places that ONLY works when you have a Groupon in hand. 

I'd like to suggest to the owners of Coup des Tartes that they take a serious look at the menu pricing and cut it back a bit. Stop with the Groupons and focus on providing a value and we'll be there once a week.

Review Updated on 8/7/2012:

Wow, did we have a disaster with this restaurant. I originally gave it a three star rating. I think their food does still merit a 3 star, but I am going to downgrade them one notch for the way I was treated the other day.

We had a Groupon (yes, they still focus on those promos) and it was going to expire in five or six days. We left a message early AM for a reservation for that night, and then never had a returned call. That was the first bad sign. When we called back and spoke to the owner, the guy was rude and just plain nasty. No, they had no reservations that night, and the other nights we suggested (mid-week) they couldn't get us in before 9 or 9:30 and so on . . .  Later, I called Groupon and asked what they suggest. They told me that as long as you make your reservation before the cut off date, the restaurant will still honor your full value of the Groupon on the date you go in, even though it is after expiration. I called and unfortunately the same guy got on the line. "No way" he replied - "That's not how we work Groupons. You only get half the value - the amount you paid." So I put him on the line with the Groupon rep, who told us both that the guy has to honor the Groupon. Well, he opted not to do so and hung up. Honestly, this restaurant is cute and the food's not bad, but with an owner like this, why patronize them? On Saturday, when we could have been in there arguing with this fellow over our bill, we chose to have dinner at Durant's. Now THAT is a 5 star romantic restaurant. Please, avoid places like this where management is not on your side, the customer.
