8ciT6qjI18x9EPtOb-gqYQ I can't even believe I'm giving CDT a 3 after all the raves I've read over the years. I'm a Phoenix Foodie living within a mile of the place, and now I know why my intuition told me to not rush.

I'm all for eating local, even more for local ingredients -- but the flavor at CDT was not spectacular. Competent, yes, but more on that below.

First, the service. Had a reservation. Waited in foyer for ten minutes for a host to show up at the desk. So did another couple. Nobody came by to say I'll be right with you. Not even the servers that passed through the space dared make eye contact. Wow.

Second, the menu. After looking it over, nothing really seemed to stand out as exceptionally prepared. We ordered the 3 onion tarte on the world's recommendation and it delivered. Chevre + tomato salad was fine. I'll come back next time I want the onion tarte.

Entrees were the Filet Mignon and Chicken. The only word I can conjure for these dishes is forgettable. Everything seemed kind of wet, and the chicken was not tender. The filet was not full of flavor. My husband appreciated the texture of the spinach being treated with care. The potatoes and vegetables were totally without character. They could have been from any other restaurant.

Our conversation in the parking lot went as follows:  "I suppose if you don't know how to cook supper for yourself, that would have been a really satisfying meal." When I go out, I want to taste something I can't do myself.

Third, the dessert. Nine dollar tartes... really? After the two courses we ordered, plus the time we had to wait to get seated and between courses, we were ready to bail.

Fourth, the wine policy. I find it to be completely passive aggressive to charge an uncorking of $9 for pairing with such middle of the road food. So what if the fee is de rigeur? I'm probably the first to say it here, but the emperor has no clothes.

I'm happy to pay for great food and wine. Good thing there's plenty fresh talent in Uptown Phoenix to keep the next generation of diners entertained.

Sorry CDT,
I expected more
you delivered less. 
I'm not your target market
I guess?
