8ciT6qjI18x9EPtOb-gqYQ Today is my birthday and I wanted to go some place romantic for dinner.  I googled "most romantic restaurants phoenix" and came up with a top ten list compiled by Softel.  I had already visited several of the restaurants on the list and was looking for something new, so I chose Coup des Tartes.

Coup des Tartes is situated in two yellow houses in downtown Phoenix, on 16th St between Camelback and Indian School.  It is only open for dinner from Weds thru Sat and required reservations in advance.  The place is small, cramped, crowded and loud.  I could see if it were empty and we had a room to ourselves that it would be romantic, but on a busy Saturday night, it just wasn't happening.  It also has a patio, which might prove to be less noisy, but alas due to rain, that was not an option.  We were seated in a back room, which was probably a former bedroom, in the back of the house with two other two tops and a four top.  

Coup des Tartes is BYOB, which means they can only provide you with glasses and an opener.  You must provide the wine, open and pour it yourself, which is fine by me.  There is an $8 corkage charge, which is standard at most places.

We started with a carmelized onion tart served on a bed of red leafed lettuce, dressed with a apple vinegarette.  The tart was perfectly seasoned and the crust melted away in my mouth, being neither too crumbly nor too moist.  We followed with filet mignon, medium, served with cognac cream mushroom sauce, mashed potatoes and spinach.  The steak was prepared to perfect temperature, although not seasoned as perfectly as the tart.  The best part of the entree was the potatoes mashed, which were deliciously creamy.  Overall, I was unimpressed with the entree, it was somewhat uninspired and under-seasoned.  We finished with the B-52 mousse tart, which is a belgian chocolate mousse, flavored with orange, espresso and bailey's.  It was served in a marble crust and topped with whipped cream.  The mousse was most satisfying, but the tart shell was a bit on the tough side.  I wish it was easier to break apart so as to enjoy all parts of the dessert together.

Overall, I was unimpressed by Coup des Tartes.  The food was good, if uninspired, but not outstanding. I expected more in the way of presentation and attention to flavor detail, and overall this was a meal I could have made at home, blindfolded.  Try Cowboy Ciao or Atlas Bistro for something more exciting.
