8ciT6qjI18x9EPtOb-gqYQ A friend of mine told me about this place and that she had been wanting to go forever so the next double date night we had, we opted to make reservations for the four of us. I easily made reservations on their website through Urban Spoon for 8pm on Saturday night.

We arrived a bit earlier than the other couple but were able to be sat at our table while we waited. Given the pictures I had seen online, our table seemed to be located in the less romantic room of the place. We were in a back room with a table for four and two other tables for two. While the house did have some character with the wood floors, as our other friends arrived they mentioned 'I think we're in a kids bedroom'. There weren't any candles and the lights were up all the way so definitely not a romantic vibe. We also had several visitors to the closet behind our table throughout our meal checking wires or something.

Our server was good and her timing was great. We inquired about the BYOB and it was $10 for the cork fee. I've never been to a restaurant where they do this so it was definitely new. I'm still undecided how I feel about having to pay them $10 PER BOTTLE to drink my own wine. To each their own I guess. 

All of the food was really good. We ordered the Three Onion Tarte and the other couple had the Brie Brûlée. Both were really good and different. We shared the Taleggio salad and while our waitress said all of the salads were incredible, I can't say I was overly impressed. They did split it for us which is always welcomed but it didn't have anything memorable about it and I didn't care for the prickly pear dressing paired up with the fruit. I was the only one at the table who ventured out for the filet and the other three ordered the Pork Tenderloin. My filet was cooked perfectly and the tangy sauce was really good and complimented the steak really well! Unfortunately the vegetable medley over the steak had mushrooms in it, something I don't like and would have requested be left out of the dish but wasn't specified on the menu. I spent a lot of time picking through my plate as I ate. The mash potatoes were good I think. Someone asked me the next day what came with my steak and I honestly didn't remember if it came with potatoes or not and had to look up the menu to refresh my memory. Maybe it was the wine. 

For dessert we shared the peanut butter and chocolate pie dish, it was good, rich and only needed a few bites. The dinner was perfectly timed and we were having such a good conversation, we ended up closing down the restaurant and they graciously never rushed us out of there. The owner did stop by our table and was really friendly and I appreciated the attention. Overall, it was a pretty good visit and we might try it again once they move into their new location.
