8ciT6qjI18x9EPtOb-gqYQ I'm a little confused about some of the complaints Coup Des Tartes is receiving. First of all, I think their food pricing is very reasonable. I don't know too many places in town where you can order a $30 steak and get two sides without an additional charge for said sides. Second. I cannot believe anyone is complaining about the corkage fee! Restaurants traditionally double the price of wine on a menu so here is your golden opportunity to bring an awesome bottle of wine and ONLY pay an additional $10 fee! I would imagine if you brought a $10 bottle of wine you would be miffed...but just don't do that! Splurge a little! That $50 bottle would cost you $100 plus anywhere else!  Plus, since this little establishment does not have a license to sell wine, they are losing a ton of money that they could profit from if they did. I'm just saying. I, for one, appreciate only having a $10 markup on my wine. 

Anyway, I have been to this cute little place several times and am always thrilled. We were there a few weeks back for my husband's birthday and again had a wonderful experience. I started with the scrumptious Three Onion Tart, yum, all for myself! Sweet and savory and decadent...just how I like it! Paco (my hubby) ordered the Mozzarella and Tomato Salad which he said was "superb". For our entrees, birthday boy had the Filet Mignon, expertly prepared and  cooked rare, to his liking. I had the excellent Lamb Shank, which was extremely meaty and fall off the bone tender. I thought the sauce was excellent. However, I'm old school and prefer the smaller grain of couscous. This trend of the larger grained Israeli couscous doesn't thrill me, but c'est la vie. My meal was still delicious, just a personal preference. For desert, we kicked it Frenchie style and ordered the "Interesting Cheese" platter; which helped us finish off our amazing 2001 Heitz Cellar Cabernet ($60 at Total Wine plus paltry $10 corkage fee) in style. Yum. 

Also...thanks for lovely service, a great birthday, and our delightful maitre de from Manchester...we loved meeting you!
