8ciT6qjI18x9EPtOb-gqYQ I came here for lunch last week with some friends to celebrate my belated birthday. We were disappointed Cafe Monarch was closed for the summer and we were looking for somewhere that was BYO because we were hauling around our wine. Viola! Coup de Tartes! 

We all share so we can try a bit of everything (we do this pretty much everywhere) and we started with the goat cheese on toast and the onion tart. Both came with salads that were nicely dressed in vinaigrette's. Both appetizers were good, though the onion tart outshined the goat cheese. The tart was creamy, oniony and delicious. Everything we could hope for. Everyone enjoyed it. The goat on toast was exactly that:  Cheese on toast. It tasted good because I like goat cheese so much and it reminded me I needed to pick more up at the grocery store, but it really was nothing exciting. In fact, it's getting by far too much face time now. 

For the entree we kept it light to save plenty of room for dessert. We shared the seafood salad and the ham and brie sandwich. The sandwich was just ham and brie on an average baguette. Like something you'd pick up at Safeway. The baguettes at Lee's Sandwiches are much better and the ham on the sandwich was the processed stuck-together loaf kind (like the Oscar Meyer packaged type). I've had by far better ham and brie sandwiches for two euros in the metro stations in France. Granted, that was in France but you get my drift. Clearly, we should have gone with the lamb sandwich. The salad was loaded with seafood and the dressing was fine but it didn't make me want to lick my plate and that's what I was looking for. Enough said. 

Next course, dessert. We ordered their seasonal tart, the smores, the "famous" bananas foster brulee and the one I was looking most forward to, the dark chocolate salted caramel. First the salted caramel tart.. I had a fellow dark chocolate salted caramel lover at the table so we both dug right in and we were equally disappointed. It miraculously tasted nothing like chocolate, caramel or salt. Just sweet goo. I don't think we even finished it. The banana brulee tart was good, though not as good as I remembered it. The hi-light of dessert, surprisingly, was the smores. I was a little jaded because it came with milk chocolate (I'm a die hard dark chocolate lover and you know what they say, one you go... nevermind) but damn, that thing was good. A little graham cracker crust filled with creamy milk chocolate and topped with a toasted marshmallow. That plate deserved to get licked! 

I had been here once before a few years ago for dinner and I was disappointed that the lunch menu only had sandwiches and salads on it. I understand the need to keep it simple and quick, but not even a single entree? Nothing was bad but aside from the onion tart and the smores tart, nothing was a standout. I was just a little disappointed.
