0d6kx6Jlocw77y1J9nbqMA First of all, I don't find photographs of significant US history offensive - I mean Scratch isn't hanging a Hezbollah flag or anything, I think the previous reviewers need to calm down.

I had a light lunch in Scratch today, asparagus veloute with a salad for $7.50. The layout  and pastry display confused me a little, I thought this might be another "order at the corner then sit" deal, but the woman behind the counter set me straight and was prompt getting me situated. I asked her opinion on the soups, and she pointed out that both the asparagus and mushroom veloutes were made with chicken broth, but that they had a new vegetarian soup, Carrot Ginger. I was impressed because I hadn't even said I was vegetarian. But, ummm, I hate carrot soup, so I went ahead and did the unthinkable by ordering the asaparagus. 

I had brought a book, so I chilled for a while, as well as checking out the artwork and the retail items. Apparently the soups are made to order, which hardly seems efficient for a restaurant, but it didn't take nearly as long to be served as I'd anticipated. The side of greens was fresh and a good complement to the thick creamy asparagus soup. 

I am a soup aficionado and am usually upset to find a runny mess set in front of me, but this was just how I like it. The asparagus had not been overcooked and thus was not bitter at all, the soup was perfectly balanced. I would say that perhaps it was not as hot as I like soup, but that's my only complaint. 

There's another front house employee at Scratch that is apparently the King of Awkward Jokes. When I entered I said I was in for lunch and he announced they don't serve lunch...beat...haha. Later I asked him for a water refill and he said they didn't have anymore water...beat...haha. Once was disconcerting, twice was just too much thank you.

Nonetheless, I would definitely come back to Scratch to try out the whole wheat savory crepes (smoked salmon and sour cream, yes please!) and desserts.
