0d6kx6Jlocw77y1J9nbqMA We decided to have lunch with our cousin and her daughter one hot summer day, and settled on Scratch. Oh, and btw - contrary to some reviews, it is not that hard to find this place! It's RIGHT next to Subway...

We walked in, I fell in love with the decor and the concept of this bistro... and then immediately started sweating. What? The A/C had broken down. Yeah. boo. 

Anyways, our party had the Bacon&WildMushroomQuiche (~$8.75), the Chicken/Mozzarella/SundriedTomatoQuiche, the BLTC ($8.95) (baconlettucetomatochicken) sandwich, and what was intended to be a children's meal ($5) ham and cheese omelet (which came with a side of fruit and a drink). 

The Quiche - good, not great. I looooooooooove quiche, which makes sense since I live for eggs and cheese. I would have liked the wild mushrooms to have been chopped up a bit more - they were whole, which were kind of hard to cut apart. The chicken quiche was pretty good. The quiches and sandwich came with a giant green salad, which was delicious and came with a delicious dressing - perhaps some kind of sweet balsamic? The sandwich was ENORMOUS! 
I actually finished up my little cousin's omelet - her order was accidentally placed as an adult's omelet ($8). She still got her free milk and fruit bowl (which was delectable, btw). The omelet was delicious and fluffy - I would definitely order one the next time.

The service was great - one poor waitress was running the whole show, kept everyone's drinks filled, took orders, served, etc - all without any A/C!!!! And to top it off, our drinks and desserts (which we had yet to pick out) were on the house!!!

We tried the Jasmine French macaroon - and... it was not so great. They ARE huge, but they cost $6.50!!!! For that price, I'm expecting greatness! They were cold, hard, and just... not worth it. They should not be keeping those in the fridge, even if it is Phoenix.

My little cousin seemed satisfied with her red velvet cupcake, my husband devoured his dark chocolate dome, and I ended up getting the Irish Cream. Uh, hellooooooo chocolate! This was luscious and rich and I savored every bite. I would highly recommend the Irish Cream. 

All in all, a great experience - but I would definitely pass on those extremely pricey macaroons.
