94GL9JkTuhSqSZ94RS5Dkw Russell's Restaurant at the College of Southern Nevada is a secret gem that has been flying under the radar for years. Although I love singing its praises, I also am hesitant to write about it for fear that it might become so popular that it will be impossible to get a seat anymore.

Like the Westside Bistro, this is a "teaching" restaurant where all of the staff (cooks and servers) are students. For $7.95, you get a three-course meal with a drink. Each day, a different cuisine is offered. Today's meal, for the American Regional Cuisine class, focused on Cajun/Creole. (I also visited last week for Eastern European Cuisines, and the menu for the French Cuisine class is always a standout.) I had lunch with my husband--whom, I might add, is a CSN grad who served his time at Russell's years ago. 

For our starters, my husband had the gumbo (sadly, not very good), and I had the Oysters Rockefeller (VERY good!). We both had the muffaletta sandwich for our entree and Bananas Foster for dessert. I've had better muffalettas (including the one my husband makes), but the Bananas Foster was fantastic, from the awesome homemade ice cream to the perfectly balanced caramel sauce on the flambéed bananas.

As today's meal proved, not every dish is successful, but the menus usually offer some surprisingly high-end products that you can rarely get for under $10 per course, let alone per meal. You can check out each week's menus online (http://www.csn.edu/pages/740.asp) before heading over to the college. Just make sure to get there well before the doors open at 11:45; once the tables are full, you're out of luck.

As I said, this is a teaching restaurant, so you have to cut the staff some slack. But my one gripe with Russell's is that they need to teach their students to speed it up a bit. Service is usually slow, but today it was SUPER slow. Not many of us can take a two-hour lunch! (Although there was a large group of ladies from the Red Hat Society who were eating at a leisurely pace...)

If you're not pressed for time and you want some fine dining at a reasonable price, head over to Russell's for lunch. Just don't expect five-star service to go along with the five-star menu items.
