9ET_RUNztevq4_OLAX80Gg I visited Cafe Boulud this morning for a Sunday breakfast meeting with a client. Located inside the Four Seasons in the heart of Yorkville, our expectations were high. Having visited the Four Seasons on several occasions before, these expectations have always been met. But this visit, as I'm sure you can anticipate from my 1/5 star rating, did not meet these expectations - so much so in fact, that I felt the need to share this experience with the Yelp community.

When you visit the Four Seasons, you expect to pay a premium price, because you expect to receive premium service. This is not simply my high standards, but it is the service standard that the Four Seasons has set out for themselves, and the only reason that any sane person would chose to pay their premium prices. If you visit the company's website, you can find their clearly defined Service Culture. "We have chosen to specialize within the hospitality industry by offering only experiences of exceptional quality." I strive to provide my clients experiences of exceptional quality as well, so it seems fitting that I would choose the Four Seasons to have a breakfast meeting.
http://www.fourseasons.com/about_four_seasons/service-culture/

I arrived at the restaurant at 9:55am for a 10am meeting, in order to arrive slightly ahead of my client - one step to ensuring that I provide my client with an all around 5 star experience. As I was shown to my table by the hostess, she mentioned that I could have the table only until 11am, and that at 11 the bar downstairs would open, and that I should plan to vacate the table by that time. Immediately put off by this information, I asked why, and was informed that they were expecting 300 guests to arrive at 11am for brunch. I decided to wait for my client to arrive so that I could discuss this with her, and together we would decide whether or not to stay for breakfast. When my client arrived, the hostess showed her into the cafe, and when she saw that this was my guest, she informed her too that we would need to leave by 11am. My guest too was clearly put off by this, but wanted to stay. I decided to bring it up with our waiter, who agreed that the restaurant usually gets busy for Sunday brunch, but that this is not the way  to address it with the clients. 

From that point forward, every action by every employee made it evident that they were silently going to try and hold us to that timeline. The waiter returned only seconds later to take our order, before we'd even had time to pick up our menus. Our food arrived quickly, and missing items from the order were brought out immediately when I mentioned them. Not far behind the delivery of the food was the person who busses the tables, ready to take our half consumed meals from the table. And, sure enough/not surprisingly, not long after that, our bill was delivered to the table. At about 11:25, the waiter came over to our table and with a proud smirk on his face said to me "See, we were able to accommodate you past 11am", as if to point out that he'd done me some huge favour. 

I am disgusted. I have no problem paying $97 for a basic breakfast for 2 (I had oatmeal and my client had an omelette), however, I could have enjoyed the same food with better service for a fraction of the price anywhere else. I chose the Four Seasons for an "exceptional quality" experience, and they simply failed to deliver. 

For the record, as we were leaving, I took notice of at least 4 tables for 2 in our immediate area which were vacant - evidently the Sunday brunch crowd missed their calling, and the cafe wasn't as busy as they had anticipated.
