9ET_RUNztevq4_OLAX80Gg OK, where do I start. Let's start with first impressions then on to the food here.

I used to frequent the Studio Café at the old Four Seasons on a regular basis, but this was my first visit to the new Four Seasons and newly branded Café. I know that this new location is a combination of private residences and hotel, but I think they did a little to well in their efforts to deemphasize the hotel aspect, as I felt like I was visiting any new upscale condo, except for the door men and valet parking.

Call me old school, but the whole feeling I got, from the entrance, reception, and elevators, to the general design was it all was just a little to stark and lacking in the sense of warmth and welcome I used to get at the previous hotel location. Moreover, on Café Boulud, while you can see that much much expense was spared in the building of the space, again the Cafe lacks the warmth, brightness and any flourishes of whimsy. Not to mention how cheerful the old Studio Cafe space felt when it was flooded in light through the large windows overlooking Yorkville.

I took a friend to Cafe Boulud for their birthday for breakfast. and to my main point of this review, why do I have to pay $20 to get excellent eggs Benedict in Toronto. Yeah, I know, haft a dozen places that serve good eggs Benedict just popped into you mind, I know many of these same places. However, I have found these places at times to be inconsistent, overdone eggs (even when servers are asked to make sure the eggs are soft) Hollandaise that  can either be too lemony at times or just plain bland. Plus, the times they get it close to right, the Hollandaise is applied in a sparing manner. 

The eggs at Café Boulud where done perfectly, set a top prefect Canadian bacon and fresh muffin. The Hollandaise as text book perfect, the right balance of lemon with just a hint of heat, the way I like it, and a generous amount applied as well. Yum!

My friend had the smoked salmon, scrambled eggs with crème fraiche and chives, she I tasted some it it was wonderful, best smoked salmon I have had in ages. My friend said it was a perfect breakfast.

I would have voted 5 stars except for the general ambiance, or lack there of, and as I mentioned before, well nice enough the space was just lacking the warm I would like for a place calls itself a Café.

The place to go when ever I want perfect, and not just decent, eggs Benny.
