9iy6scMRbs5ue41XRLGEkw I met S & T here for lunch. S suggested it. Do you read the reviews on Yelp? Do you just look at the star ratings and go from there? As I type this there are 5 reviews to the right of this text box and all 5 of them are 5 Stars. Wow. It's impressive at first and I must say a bit uncomfortable. They're all Elite Yelpers. Ooooooo, impressive. Between the 5 of them they have over 7100 reviews. That's crazy isn't it? Just to review, here are some of the highlights of those reviews vs our experience;
Our server was just the right amount of attentive and sweet. Hmm, ours wasn't. Ours was nice enough, but she seemed tired, overworked (seemed to be the only one there) and as for attentiveness, not really.
The space is beautiful, charming and shabby chick. I'm not sure if they were describing the current location or the one before the move. The current location is an old house. There is a very large patio which would have been the old back yard. The patio is surrounded by the parking lot. We were there during lunch, 110'+ degrees outside. The patio was effectively closed. I think they were still building it or doing some sort of renovation to it. It will be very nice when open though. The inside is pretty much how one might imagine the inside of an old Phoenix house to be. The rooms are made up into small individual dining rooms. Now, if the square footage of your house starts with the number 3,4,5 or above, and you don't live in a "tiny house", skip to the next paragraph. Close your eyes. Imagine one of your bedrooms, not the master though. Imagine the room empty and now, imagine it with 4 tables in it. Some round, some square, some rectangle. Chairs around them, maybe 10 total. Does the room feel cozy and quaint? Maybe crowded and full. The room we were in was a bit full. We heard the conversation from of 4 ladies at one table and from the 2 ladies at another. Both those tables drowned out the other 2 people in the room. I'm not sure how the other rooms are situated but I would assume, similarly.
Now I have to preface this next bit by saying that we were there for lunch. I think they just started the whole lunch thing a short time ago so it's a bit of a new thing. All of the 5 reviews I've mentioned above were for dinner. All of the 5 reviewers raved about the food.  Here are some of the adjectives used: superb, delicious, excellent & exquisite. So like I said, do you read the reviews or just the number of stars? If you only check out the stars, it's like eating ribs with a knife and fork. You miss a lot.
Our food, aside from the French Onion soup ($10) that S had, which he said was very good, was fine but none of it would qualify for any of the adjectives mentioned above. 
S & I both had the Prosciutto Sandwich ($12). Thinly sliced prosciutto with house made fig jam, pesto, mozzarella and arugula placed in a decent baguette. Worth $12? No. Head over to Postino and order the Bruschetta board with only the Prosciutto with Figs & Mascarpone. Yes, it will cost you $2.50 more but it will be much better.
T got the Croque Monsieur ($12). Swiss cheese, ham, mornay sauce. He enjoyed his sandwich.
Did any of us say we wanted to come back again next week, next month or really anytime? No. 
Slow service. Good Food. Fair prices. Loud atmosphere. 3.5 Stars.
