9iy6scMRbs5ue41XRLGEkw I felt really bad about leaving a 3-star rating because it is obvious that the restaurant owner is really trying to make a success of this restaurant, but there really are many areas of opportunity that need to be addressed.

Let's talk about the restaurant itself. When you run a business out of a converted house there are bound to be some aesthetic quirks. But the tables really are too close to each other. It's not cosy, it's intrusive. We were seated in one of the little rooms with a couple directly behind me and a couple directly behind my wife. We could hear every word of every conversation. There was also a 4-top in this room which thankfully sat empty as I don't think I could possibly endure listening to another conversation.

The server was very friendly, but missed a few social cues that a more experienced server would not have missed. My wife and I were trying to enjoy a quiet, romantic night out together. We had found a babysitter and were really looking forward to our date night. Unfortunately the server wanted to talk about the weather, about camping up north, about what our favourite cities in AZ were. It was too much. Right intentions, but poor execution. We overhead that he was normally a bartender and not a server, so maybe that was it. He was also at our table way too much. Between him and the owner visiting the table we hardly had a moment to ourselves.

I was a little disappointed by the depth of the wine list. I only saw one Cabernet on the list and that was a blend.However, the wines were priced well.

The food was also very reasonably priced. We started with the beet salad and the French Onion Soup. Both were excellent. I would go as far as saying it was probably the best FO Soup I have ever had. Entrees were a bit more of a miss than a hit. They had run out of the sea bass, so we had the halibut instead. It was dry. I ordered the filet with a shrimp on top. Both dishes were accompanied by overcooked asparagus and fried potatoes. My filet had a dollop of herb butter on top, which if served correctly will slowly melt over the steak imbibing its rich flavor to the meat below. Unfortunately the steak wasn't warm, the butter didn't melt and I was left with a glob that I had to scrape off the filet. It felt like the Chef had given up.

Dessert was good, but here I am three days later trying to remember what they were and I'm having a hard time. I think mine had popcorn on the plate?
