9iy6scMRbs5ue41XRLGEkw So... my parents found $500 of traveler's checks in my old room back in Washington State that apparently we took out for some international trip and never used.  The agreement was that they'd give the checks back but we had to take them out for a super fancy dinner as a finder's fee.  They did a lot of research into restaurants in the area and chose Coup Des Tartes.

This was an incredible experience but we do need to caution that it doesn't come cheap.  We spent $310 on four people, but we also were absurd and went absolutely crazy for the night.  We're pretty sure that everyone else in the restaurant was celebrating some type of event.  This would be a great place for a proposal (especially if you're following it up with a honeymoon in France) or for a formal pre-wedding dinner.

The location itself is gorgeous - an old brick house with a nice outdoor courtyard and individual rooms to make your dinner feel more private and exclusive.  Service was great - the owner came by multiple times to check on us, and our server was a very nice friendly young man.  My parents were joking around that the server was out of place in a French restaurant - there was no traditional condescending sneer at all.  ;)

We started with cocktails.  I had the European, which our server recommended and I loved.  We also had an absolutely incredible Wildhaven Columbia Valley merlot which was probably the best merlot I've ever had.  I think we paid about $45 for the bottle (it looks like it usually runs about $13 in stores) but the wine really did taste more like a $50 bottle.  We're actually going to head to Total Wine and buy some right now.  Anyway, this review is supposed to be about Coup Des Tartes, not Wildhaven wine...

I had some of the French Onion Soup (great slightly-smoky aftertaste) and the Brie Brulee, which is pretty much a huge delicious chunk of baked brie with baked pears on top and some fresh fruit on the side.  Portions here are HUGE.  You usually go to a French restaurant and expect tiny portions, but the owner's Italian and the portion size shows.  You definitely get your money's worth.  For the main course, I chose the duck and also sampled the halibut (which is served on top of a bed of sea greens), the crab-stuffed pork, and the lamp leg.  My favorite was actually the lamb (fall-apart-in-your-mouth and juicy), but all of the options were excellent with complex flavors.

We then decided to be even more absurd and ended up eating every dessert on the menu... the Key Lime Pie, Berry Tart, Creme Brulee, Girlscout Cookie, and Upside-down Pear Cake.  I'm actually not sure if those are the real names.  I skipped breakfast the next day since I was STILL full from the night before.  

5/5 experience for an absurdly fun night out.  This is not your normal "hey, let's go get dinner somewhere" type of place unless you're a millionaire, but it's a blast for special occasions.
