9ot8oInkYZTt6wkkGe__vQ Decided to try some wine from Austria... It was my first Austrian wine. So delicious! Perfectly excellent. Enjoyed every sip and wished there was more when I ran out.

Truffle soup is AMAZING. If you must have one thing, it is this. Oh, and wine.

Lobster was delicious and cooked perfectly. It came several ways: lobster tail, lobster "mitts" cakes, in rice.

Steak was good too. Not huge on foie gras because you can never be sure if the ducks are force-fed and lived miserable, tortured lives, but it came with my friend's dish. It was pretty good and better than other foie gras I've tasted in the past. All meats and the lobster were cooked perfectly. Very moist. I was surprised at how they made something like duck heart non-repulsive and actually appetizing. Very impressive.

Service was amazing and very attentive. I felt almost embarrassed for the amount of people weighing on us at a time (3 at one point). They really make you feel like a valued customer... too much even! (but I definitely wasn't complaining) So much going on. Water never emptied and they almost always remembered that I didn't want ice. They are on the ball with service. That part is a definite 10.

Atmosphere was gorgeous. I was commenting on it the whole time. Nice, old fashioned. Rich people kinda place. The place looked, felt and smelled like freshly printed on plasticized notes crisp $100 bills. Expensive but if you like the finer things in life and don't mind paying a generous premium, go here. 

If you want to impress a date by showing them you have wads of cash that you can blow on a lavish dinner and want them a part of your lavish lifestyle, this is a strong contender in the restaurant lineup for that! Even if you're not trying to woo your date with your wallet, this is a great, romantic atmosphere. So much attention to detail. Not a cheap night out. Not the best choice if you're looking for good value, but if you forget about the money, you will have a great time. Probably the best work of the O&B group.

If you drive, get your parking validated by the restaurant.
