9ot8oInkYZTt6wkkGe__vQ My husband brought me here to celebrate my birthday.  We were lucky to get a table for 2 in a relatively secluded corner which was perfect for a romantic meal.  

We ordered three appetizers (my husband literally thinks I'm eating for 2 now that I'm pregnant).  
1) Champignon 
This was a dish with an assortment of forest mushrooms, soft poached egg and a puff pastry atop porcini puree.  It was absolutely divine! The mix of egg yolk with the porcini puree was so good! By far the best appetizer we ordered! 

2) Champignon des Pins
This was presented beautifully with a single large scallop, mushrooms, clams and a consommé was poured atop at the table.  The scallop was cooked perfectly and you could taste the sweetness of the scallop so distinctively.  My husband really enjoyed this but I thought the consomme was a bit salty for my liking. 

3) Escargot 
This dish was very green.  It had a large spinach ravioli in the centre with 4 escargots on the side covered in a green sauce.  The escargots were good but I found that the ravioli again was a bit too salty for my liking.  

My husband and I both ordered the dry aged beef rib eye as an entree.  The beef was so tender and cooked to perfection! As well, it came with a bowl of something they called "pomme surprise."  This was my husband's favourite! It was literally a bowl of buttered mashed potatoes which were super smooth hiding braised oxtail beneath.  You literally had to dig for the oxtail "surprise."   I don't even want to know how much butter was in those potatoes but it was so good.  This by far was my husband's favourite dish.  The dish doesn't seem quite large when you receive it but I was stuffed after finishing half the dish.  Thankfully my husband still had room to finish mine off for me.  

For dessert, we ordered the sorbet and the souffle.  
1) Sorbet - There were three flavours - raspberry, chocolate, orange.  The flavours of each of the sorbets were so intense and so refreshing.  The raspberry was served atop pomegranate seeds, the chocolate was atop cubed pears and the orange onto of diced oranges/ clementines.  Amazing! The perfect way to end a meal in my opinion.  

2) Souffle - There was a mild lemon taste to it and they poured white chocolate ganache into it.  It was quite good but I definitely preferred the sorbet.  

The service at auberge was fantastic as well.  The manager would come around at almost every course to check on how we were enjoying everything.  So much attention to detail as well.  Everytime we got out of our seat, a server would come and refold our napkins.  

Overall, amazing experience.  The food was delicious minus the few salty appetizers and the service was impeccable.  Would definitely come back but probably on special occasions as this was not light on the wallet.
