9ot8oInkYZTt6wkkGe__vQ Once again, my friends and I were participating in the annual Winterlicious events in Toronto.  Initially we wanted to try another restaurant, but it was already fully booked by the time we called.  We ended up visiting Auberge du Pommier, one of the Oliver & Bonacini restaurants for lunch instead.  Luckily I wasn't disappointed.

We had our reservations at 1:00pm on Sunday.  The restaurant was fully booked.  In fact, it might have been overbooked so we waited for 35 mins before our table was ready. There were lots of customers waiting at the foyer.  It was so crowded that we even felt like we were in a dim sum place.  There were also few minor mishaps.  For example, my chair had a nail sticking out at the bottom.  Few bits of herbs fell into my glass of water.  Our waitress was prompt to address the issue though.

Our first course choices were split between leek & cabbage soup or smoked salmon rillettes. I picked the leek & cabbage soup.  It was very delicious and light.

In terms of main course, again, we were split between two choices - roast chicken or meatball.  I picked roast chicken, which was very moist and tender.  Two friends ordered meatball, but they didn't like it.  They found it taste dry shortly after few bites.  The size of meatball was huge and inconsistent as well.  One was even large than a lady's fist.

We've decided to try all dessert selections.  I chose sticky date pudding, which was supposedly the sweetest of all three choices.  However, I found it the tastiest, and with the right sweetness.  The cake was very moist, and the raspberry sauce on the side balanced out toffee sauce's sweetness on top.  There were few tiny candied ginger bits too. Very nicely executed!

At the end of the lunch, we were gifted with few $25 gift certificates to celebrate with the restaurant's 25th anniversary.  It was very nice of them.  Thanks Auberge du Pommier!

Final verdict:  I really liked this Winterlicious lunch, and I think $25 meal was all worth it. 

4 stars (1 star taken off due to long wait and few minor mishaps)

Friendly reminder: Parking is available around the restaurant, but it is quite expensive, so don't forget to bring in extra coins, or better yet, use your credit card.  Our lovely waitress kept telling us that we wouldn't need to worry about paying for parking on Sunday as no one would check on the weekends. However, we've decided to not take our chances and went out halfway during our lunch to pay for our soon-to-be-expired parking meters anyway.
