9ot8oInkYZTt6wkkGe__vQ We were originally going to order off the regular menu, but then looked at the Summerlicious menu and thought those options sound good so let's go with that. Wrong decision. Order off the regular menu, people, unless you want a second class experience. 

The chicken and leek terrine starter was really good. Not out of this world good, but good enough. Portion size was good. Flavours were good. I was happy with that. And my dining companions were happy with their starters.

The mains are where things went downhill. We all ordered the beef option. It was some kind of steak (I forget what the menu listed as the cut of steak). This steak was very very tough. We ordered medium rare and we could barely pierce it with our knives. I thought I was going to have to ask for a sharper knife, like a chef's knife or something. 

Also, it was very poorly trimmed. Two of us had a very thick (we're talking at least half an inch thick) fat cap on about half of our steak. And the knife provided just was not up to the task of cutting through this tough fat cap. I had to flip the steak over and hack at it horizontally from the bottom since I wasn't getting my knife cuts done vertically on this tough, gristly cut of beef. I'm sure if we had ordered off the regular menu as we intended, we wouldn't have ended up with this tough, poorly trimmed piece of meat. 

The desserts were also hit and miss. The chocolate dessert was raved about. The panna cotta wasn't touched after the first forkful (Yes, I said fork! You shouldn't be able to eat a panna cotta with a fork!)  because of an excess of gelatin. It was literally panna cotta failure 101. The pastry chef would have been kicked off Top Chef for this elementary error no question. I had the "clafoutis". I'm putting quotation marks around clafoutis because that's not what I was served. I was served a pretty decent almond cake with cherries. This was not a clafoutis. A clafoutis is not dense and almondy like marzipan. A clafoutis is soft and custardy like a thick flan or a cross between a souffle and waffle batter.  

I'd come here again to try out the regular menu, but not be served an inferior version during Summerlicious or Winterlicious.
