0JGMKaKJGVuDus5WcJzvjw Swimming pool liver
Best meal of my life so far
Go eat all the things!

This place is totally worth being rejected at Joe Beef for. FYI this is the brother (sister?) restaurant to Joe Beef. Same guys made it, and so, it should show as just as delish. I don't know, because I didn't eat at Joe Beef. (Lesson learned: make reservations at these places.) But, darn it, it was one of the best meals I've ever eaten. And for less that $100? An absolute steal!!!!!! 

And it's not like one of those expensive meals that are 3 bites worth of food. It's a ton of food, and you will want to eat it all.

I could barely understand the menu in English or French. When the waiter explained, I looked for words that I understood, and this is what happened: I went twice in my one week trip. I think I ate some oysters, beer, sausage, rabbit, lobster pasta, pork shoulder, chicken, foie gras, bread, zucchini bread, roast carrots, potatoes, potato salad, roast brussel sprouts, some ridiculous cheese stuffed with more cheese, beer, and some ridiculous gin and earl grey tea concoction. 

And dessert. Go for the sorbets. They are amazing.

I went by myself and was seated at the bar. Lone dining is kind of sad, and so I befriended a Torontonian who was also rejected at Joe Beef and we shared some of our food stuff. I spent about $80 by myself (oysters, beer, entree, dessert, complimentary shot, tax and tip). 

I ate so much, and I at all the things. It hurt so good.

I went with a group of 8 people. FYI if you have more than 6 people (there are 7 in my family) then you have to eat family style (thank the food gods). This means that you can't all order your own entrees, and you shouldn't, the portions here are super generous, and worth every bite and every penny. We didn't order very many drinks, and all in all spent $60 per person (all the foods, tax and tip). 

If you are looking for a world class dining experience, wonderful friendly service, generous portions, and a price that can't be beat. This is it, and you'll be disappointed as you meet all your future meals after this one. 

Also, they'll pack left-over doggie bags for you.
