9ot8oInkYZTt6wkkGe__vQ To get things in perspective, I went on the first day of Winterlicious.  I figured I haven't been here before and wanted to give it a go.

Upon entry, it's probably the nicest place I've ever seen.  Really, it's such a nice looking restaurant.  Kinda reminds me of a inn in paris.  It's got wood burning fireplaces, and intimate seating with white painted walls which seem very rustic (at least if rustic was classy).

I wasn't really expecting a crazy menu, it is winterlicious after all.  I got the goat cheese puff pastry, the beef (not sure what it was called), and the cheese plate.  I also got the wine paring with it... why not?

First thing that came was the wine.  Kinda thought it was weird because it came quite a bit before the puff pastry salad, and since it was a white, it was supposed to be kinda chilled "while" i was eating the appetizer.  Anyways, I didn't fid it a big deal because I figured they were rammed because of Winterlicious.  

The puff pastry goat cheese plate wasn't that special in my opinion.  It was a slice of puff pastry, with a bit of goat cheese in the middle with goat cheese on top.  After that it was dressed with a lemon vinaigrette and some mixed greens.  Taste-wise... meh, not too impressive.  It did go with the wine nicely though =).

The beef that came out was a little interesting.  it came sitting on a bed of barely with a Bok Choy beside it.  I noticed that the beef had kinda been "warming" for a while because of how it tasted.  I have a feeling they had these on standby because they were kinda dry on the outside.  At least it was done to a medium rare... (they didn't ask me how I wanted it BTW).  I think out of everything this was probably my favourite.

I also tried my girlfriend's Coq Au Vin, and I found it kinda bland.  I know when I make it, the chicken tastes like it was marinated in red wine.  This was quite the opposite, kinda tasted like the chicken wasn't even cooked in the wine very long (had no flavour to it).

The cheese was pretty pathetic.  It was 3 slices of white cheddar... but to make it look a little bit better they put 2 slices of crustini in between to make it look pretty.  Not too impressed.

All in all, I think the keyword of the night is un-imaginative.  Sure I can say that most french cuisine is quite similar and hard to categorize, but I didn't really see anything that special for a place that should have blown my mind.

Consider my mind intact and un-blown.  Maybe I'll try it again on a non-licious night.
