9ot8oInkYZTt6wkkGe__vQ It was a first time visit for Summerlicious '16 for a lunch menu, decided to give it a try because I really liked Canoe and for the "Oliver and Bonacini" name. Wasn't the most fun experience. 

Salade - as an appetizer it was disappointing. There was a balance of texture and taste but no balance as a course; the salad itself already made me feel this was enough for the meal. Did not excite my taste palete to want to continue. Mediocre at best for a fine dining restaurant's appetizer. 

Soupe - exciting for first three scoops, really loved the flavour and the mix of different summer seasonal ingredients. Afterwards, was possibly even worse than the salad, it was pretty boring and rather weird after the first three because of the soup's unique texture and taste. 

I was really disappointed at this point because I brought my partner all the way from Waterloo to Toronto just to try out a summerlicious course menu, but this was subpar and lacking almost everything I expected from. Then came the main course, which was actually better than what came out as the "appetizer". Scary, I still think they did this on purpose. 

Saumon - very moist, cooked almost to perfection, loved the garnish. My partner didn't like the garnish but they complemented the oceanic dish with an earthy, well-rounded flavors. Too bad the garnish on top of the salmon fell when it was placed on our table, but the presentation was still not too bad (;

Beouf - very classic and followed French style of cooking well, not the best but what can I expect from a Summerlicious menu; it met my standards very well. Had to eat it with the garnish else I would only have eaten the steak, but overall very well presented typical French style dish. Rounded my mouth up well from before to continue on to the finale of the course. 

The main course brought our paletes back, and was really excited for the dessert! Then came another tragedy. 

Clafoutis - very very very very, very. Very; ve-ry, veeeery, veRy, VERY; okay I'll stop. It was very plain, borderline boring. The compote wasn't too special, the pastry wasn't too special. Just well-rounded clafoutis we would expect from a good patisserie, or even from the fancy Loblaws at Yonge and College. 

Panna Cotta - I still question the Kisses looking mini cookies that came along, it didn't complement the dessert at all. I can see that the point was the contrast in texture of the slimy, jelly-like panna cottage and the hard crunchy texture of these cookies;  honestly would've loved it if they had a bit more saltiness to it, to really augment the sweetness of the panna cotta, but they tasted really blend amongst other components of the dish. The panna cotta itself wasn't bad at all, I really love panna cotta so I'll give it a 4/5 with a bias. 

Overall, the service and interior design, the atmosphere; on that side of the restaurant I'd give it a 9/10. However the quality of food I received for the price I paid, I'm still disappointed. Hopefully later I'll convince myself to try an actual dinner course out later, but for now I'll pass.
