9ot8oInkYZTt6wkkGe__vQ This place was a disappointment. I figure that the rave reviews come from people who live far out and do not have easy access to better places in town, or because it is not located near any serious competition.

From the outside (as well as the reviews and the gracious hostesses) this place looks quite charming. And, to its credit, it has been around 25 years. 

Here are the challenges I encountered....

1. First of all, this is perhaps the most expensive place in town. That is not bad in itself. I like to eat well. When you can be more expensive than everyone and still bring them in, good for you.

2. Parking is a bit of a mystery. There is no valet. In the closest spaces there are "Authorized Parking Only" signs everywhere. Well, you are supposed to know to park in the basement of the deck across from the place.

3. The service was poor, and considering the hype of this place, it was really much worse than that. We were seated in a side room. There were six other tables (besides ours) occupied and one was an eight top. All guests were served by only one waiter!  There was not even a busboy. The waiter was scurrying around refilling water glasses, clearing plates, etc. This might be ok at Wendy's, but it wasn't working here. Besides the one waiter, we were humored by others on staff who raced in and out of the room resetting tables, rearranging, and putting out new linens. It was all completely frantic and unsettling. We finally just had to laugh at it, not knowing if the joke was on us. Especially watching the wait staff roll their eyes and jabber at each other as if no one could see or hear them. The one waiter, who nervously kept running his fingers through his hair, could've used their help, but they were clearly not ready for prime time.

4. The food was not very good for the money, or really if it had been free.  There was no amuse bouche. The 48$ steak had little to no flavor and came out medium, not rare as ordered.  It was served with mushrooms that were delicious. The steak tartare was a jumbled mess and at 22$, 5$ more than the delicious tartare at Scaramouche.  I was not offered a choice of temperature on my 42$ tuna. It was overcooked and served with octopus that tasted more like a sugarless gummy worm. Even determined to eat my expensive meal, i could not eat it, and I usually like octopus.  The "Chinese broccoli" was the best thing on the plate, and i do not tend to like oily wilted greens. The pomme de terre app was the best of the dishes. The potato had no flavor, but the dish as a whole was well-plated and had nice texture to it.

5. The cocktails and the table bread were the best parts of the dining experience.  The Smoky Manhattan, as well as the Southern Roots, were very nice, well-balanced drinks.

I imagine if I had been a regular (and sworn not to order from the very pedestrian looking Winterlicious Menu) I might've been seated in the much nicer main dining room, which might have helped avoid the service train wreck I experienced. Either way, the food still was not befitting of a place of such reputation.

I have been to places that I felt deserved a second chance. Not so sure here.
