9ot8oInkYZTt6wkkGe__vQ Auberge du Pommier literally translates as the Apple Tree Inn and quite simply is an idyllic escape squirrelled away north of the city.  No, there were no dwarves, or bears or antagonistic wolves at this cottage, but it's pastoral beauty certainly conjures up fairy tale like imagery and enchantment. Walking in I can't help but feel like a high maintenance Goldilocks as my eyes delight from every decorative detail from the stone grotto like archways to the elegantly comfy chairs swathed in Toile de Jouy.

 Auberge is certainly a dining magnet for the well heeled and well coiffed ladies as we spot tables-upon-tables of Stepford-like wives with their well cultivated wardrobes, careful mannerisms and their bevy of envy inducing Valentino and Ysl status bags!  Hmmm Real Housewives of North Toronto much?

I came for my birthday lunch hosted by the gracious in-laws and I was loving every minute of soaking up the pseudo-Provincial ambiance.  Papa-in-law who is of the no-nonsense "meat 'n' potatoes" ilk seemed a little intimidated by the prescription estrogen overload here, but once his order of Cumbrae Farms Steak came he took to Augerge like shag carpet does to a pimp's bachelor pad. 

Did I mention that the food at Auberge is simply ambrosial?   *Le sigh* in fact it's so good it's difficult to talk about without drowning in your own salivary fluids!  Each dish was served like a work of edible art, every ingredient carefully layered to paint the picture for a stunningly savory masterpiece.  As lunch began to resemble oeuvres at auction, to hubby it was all the same as his beautifully plated Steak Tartare was devoured with neanderthal-esque aplomb!   Mum-in-law had the Quenelles and was impressed at how delicately tasty the seafood dumplings are. I chose the brunch prix fixe lunch of market salad and the oeufs fines herbes, which was simply brilliant. Our meal was complimented with mignardises which in this case was a chorus of delightful pastel coloured macarons, the perfect finish to a fantastic brunch.

Yes it is indeed quite spendy at Auberge but it's my birthday dammit!  Plus the In-laws splurged so I can't be ungrateful ;)  I highly recommend a visit as you'll be spoiled with rustic charm, class and refinement while dining in grand gourmand style at Auberge de Pommier.
