9ot8oInkYZTt6wkkGe__vQ Had an excellent Winterlicious experience here before, but my recent Summerlicious experience was not up to par.

The waitress was friendly, and as we were a large group, we needed a bit more time to decide what to eat. After asking once if we were ready to order and needing a few more minutes, It took at least 10 more minutes for her to return(after I asked several bus boys to bring a waitress over to take my order no waitress was to be found, and I had to wait until she came out of the door to flag her down).

The olive salad had a very rich olive flavour, though the salad itself was a bit on the salty side.
The gazpacho was very refreshing, with little bits of tomato to chew on.
The terinne was okay, I prefer the creamy pork terrine from the last winterlicious.

We ordered a duck breast from the regular menu, it was chewy. 
From the summerlicious menu:
The sea bream itself was good, but the yellow split peas underneath were not very appetizing....they should have used quinoa, beans, mashed potatoes, or something else.
The Beef was very good, though it was still slightly chewy even though I ordered it medium and a little on the salty side. The cut was different than the one I received during Winterlicious(that one was melt in your mouth good).
Chicken was okay, nice crispy skin, though the inside could have been a bit more moist.

The custard of the mille-Feuille was a bit too thick, when I tried to spread it thinner my fork got stuck in the custard and the whole mille feuille moved on the plate.
I suspect the "pastry" part of it was phyllo dough and not puff pastry.
The chilled Melon soup was excellent though! The little slivers of mint were very refreshing, and the plating was very nice.
Someone in my party ordered the creme brulee from the regular menu. He said the hard caramel was too burnt so it was a bit bitter, and it was luke warm, like it was not freshly made.

Service:
Most of us ordered hot water, so our first cups were brought to the table from a tray.
Our refills however were poured at the table from a glass kettle that must have previously been used for coffee. Every time she added water to my cup, the water tasted like coffee, and I could see coffee grinds at the bottom of my cup.

Other Notes:
The after meal coffee was served with cold milk and cream, next time they should warm up the milk and cream so it wont affect the temperature of my coffee so much.
Food was a bit salty during this visit...

I would come back for Winterlicious to see if I was just unlucky this time, but I would have definitely been unhappy with what I received if I had paid regular price and not summerlicious (though the duck breast really wasn't very good).
Until we meet again!
