9ot8oInkYZTt6wkkGe__vQ NOTE: This review is for a Summerlicious experience, so it may not be representative of the typical diner's experience here

The main disappointment of my meal was the service (though the food was utterly and completely average, but I'll get to that in a second). I have rarely experienced such slow service, and it was particularly concerning at a nice restaurant with a simple pre-set menu for Summerlicious.
The service started off excellent - waitress saw us to our seats, pulled our chairs out for us, and laid napkins on our laps. She kept our water glasses full throughout the evening and gave us a quick run-down of the menu and the drink pairings for Summerlicious. Off to a good start! After we ordered our appetizers, they came in a reasonable amount of time - nothing to remark upon. But this is when it started to go downhill. During the appetizers, a waiter brought a drink to our table. He stood tableside for a moment, not sure where to put it and the waitress came over and gestured him towards one of my friends. After he put it down in front of her, I asked her if she had ordered it and she said no. That's when the waitress realized she had the cocktail delivered to the wrong table (even though she had gestured the waiter to my friend specifically). 
Our mains took 30 mins after the appetizer plates were cleared to come. The dessert took over 20 minutes to arrive, even though none of the dessert options were freshly prepared. Throughout all this the waitress never once apologized about the wait or commented on it at all. I don't think I've ever waited so long for food, and the main was not hot when it arrived.
The cherry on the cake was that when our waitress brought over fresh cutlery for dessert she only brought us spoons and forks even though half of us had the cheese plate for dessert. We ended up using our spoons to spread the goat cheese on the crostini, and the waitress even popped by just after we started eating and said 'bon appetit' without doing anything about the fact that we were clearly awkardly eating cheese with a spoon!
It was honestly so disappointing from a place of this calibre.
We all agreed that the food was 'fine.' Nothing terrible but also absolutely nothing to rave about. They got the portion sizes right, it was just filling enough, but that's where it ended. I think I would have enjoyed myself more almost anywhere else with a Summerlicious menu.
