9ot8oInkYZTt6wkkGe__vQ Walking up the stone path bordered by lush pink and white flowers behind a white archway laid to a welcoming open french door, I was already in love with this enchanting cottage like restaurant.

We arrived a bit early for our summerlicious dinner reservation however the courteous hostess was able to seat us right away. We were lead to a dining room in rear of the restaurant to an intimate table for two perfectly set in front of a windowsill looking into the garden.

Soon after being seated our friendly waiter came over to introduce himself and explained the menus.

For drinks we went with a feature wine on the summerlicious menu. Our waiter raved about it as he took our drink order for 2 glasses of rose and he was right it was refreshing and delicious.

After taking our dinner orders we were then presented with some fresh baked golden brown dinner rolls with a flakey exterior and chewy interior. I adored the artichoke spread it came with, it was unlike anything I've ever had before.

Onto the summerlicious offerings:

Appetizer
Spinach Salad - pickled strawberries, pine nuts, goat cheese mousse, balsamic vinaigrette
I really enjoyed the sweet and sour taste of the pickled strawberries but my favourite part of the salad was the goat cheese sprinkled with cracked black pepper for a little bit of heat.

Main
Filet Mignon -tomato farci, pomme fourchette, chimichurri à la Maurice, sauce Bordelaise
The filet was cooked perfectly and so tender to cut through that the simple dinner literally cut through it like butter needless to say it was melt in your mouth perfection. The stuffed tomatoes and homemade ketchup were also stand out accompaniments.

Dessert
Ice Cream Sandwich - chocolate chip cookie, vanilla bean ice cream, nutella, candied hazelnuts
I loved the plating of the dish very fairytale like, it looked like 3 little mushrooms with the ice cream as the stump and the chocolate chip cookies topped as the mushroom cap and the "dirt" as the nutella and chocolate crumbles A great finally to wonderful meal.

Overall I have to say the meal was amazing! The portions at first to me did look a tad on the small side but I was completely stuffed by the end! Food came out very fast and service was very professional and attentive. The restaurant itself is very romantic and gorgeous. A definite summerlicious winner!
