A0X1baHPgw9IiBRivu0G9g I've never had a macaron... macaroon? In my life hahah I also do not have much of a sweet tooth! BUT I've been wanting to try them for a while though because they look so darn pretty and I have had Patisserie Manon bookmarked but just haven't gotten around to going there. 

This morning the doctor I was working with was really craving some sweets so I went to go pick us up some goodies from PM.. When you walk in you are hit with a delicious aroma and a bunch of beautiful pastries.. Towards the back they have their little bistro for sandwiches and hot dishes with booths to sit at (definitely coming back for lunch with the bf... he loved the movie Ratatouille LOL..)

The girl who helped me was patient & helpful while I checked out some stuff and she actually picked out the macaron flavors for me.. We got chocolate, vanilla, pistachio and salted caramel.. We also got an almond chocolate croissant.. The total came to $7.25 before tip.. NICE~!!!

When I got back to the office.. I was debating on if I should try them or not because I'm watching what I eat..  But I just had to have at least one little bite of everything haha.. OMG Everyone who has ever told me that macarons are over rated is WRONG!!! They taste like chewy cookies with a nice little crunch and gooey center... yummmmm All of them were good but Chocolate and Salted Caramel stood out.. I will be back just for the SALTED CARAMEL!!! Perfect balance of flavors. WOW.. and I'm not going to lie I actually had TWO little bites of just the salted caramel LOL... I also love the fact that the macarons come in mini sizes.. The almond chocolate croissant was good too. Really moist and buttery in the middle. 

Any who, too bad I'm trying to be healthier otherwise I would be coming here A LOT!!! Boooooo but hey.. we're all allowed to have cheat days every now and then right??? haha 

HOT TIP: The lady at the counter told me they are always changing their bistro menu so that means more yummy nom noms to try~!!!
