A0X1baHPgw9IiBRivu0G9g I'm so torn between 2 stars and 3 stars. I definitely feel I've had better, but not here in Vegas. Actually, not better here in the states. So I came here wanting some macaroons and a nice cup of coffee. I arrived late in the day so I wasn't completely surprised that they were out of a lot of breads and such. No biggie since it wasn't what I came for. There were several macaroons to choose from but not the vast variety I would have expected. Also, they didnt put any care into arranging them. It's a french bakery, that's how the french do it. *sigh*
You order your macaroons in the front and bring them to the back to order your coffee. It would have been nice since I was eating inside to put them on a plate. Instead, they put them in a wax paper bag. *sigh* I gotta say, it's the little things that places do that really set them apart from others. This place certainly wants to blend in, not stand out. The have cute "murials" on the wall and that was a nice touch. 
So, I go to the back and order my coffee, a small french roast. The cream and sugar are on the tables so you can make your coffee how you like it. As I scanned the tables, I noticed that most of them were dirty. It wasn't busy, so someone could have wiped down the tables and cleared the dirty dishes from previous diners. I didn't like sitting down to a table with crumbs everywhere. Gross.
I was talking to a friend prior to going and she said that the fruit macaroons were better than the others (peanut butter, chocolate, etc). So I took her advice, for the most part, and only got 2. A strawberry one and a mint chocolate one. The strawberry one was nice. Nice flavor, nice texture. A OK to me. The mint chocolate one was crumbly and lame. Crumbly? A macaroon, crumbly? WTF? 
I'm giving the benefit of the doubt that on a Saturday morning, when all their products are out, that this place is better. My experience yesterday was definitely 2 star, but I'm hopeful it down to the time I came in. Had it been cleaner, and more stocked, I feel a 3 star would be more appropriate. 
Pro for the macaroons only being $1. And a nice size small coffee being $1.75!!! In a town that loves ripping people off, I was happy about this. 
Not sure I'll go back, but I just might if the mood strikes!
