A0X1baHPgw9IiBRivu0G9g I was looking for an alternative to Freed's that was on the west side of town and didn't require me to hike halfway to the moon, I stumbled on this place and decided to give them a try. 
 I give them props for two things- I think for what you get their prices are very reasonable and, the other is their cakes and macaroons are not overly sweet, something that's a huge turn off for me. 
 Same reason, however, my family didn't love it- they found the taste to be meh. 
 The appearance of the store is haphazard. You walk into one small unmanned counter on one side and three on the opposite. The main counters are run by staff, that presumably roams all three counters (?) but I was a bit confused. Baskets of lemon, orange and vanilla merengue, covered in plastic wrap, were sitting everywhere and it made me wonder if I had to have a store employee follow me around and bag items I wanted?...
 We settled on two GIANT slices of cake- chocolate and strawberry, at $4.75/slice that seemed a bargain. Quirky macaroons in colors of rainbow are priced at $1.25/piece. They aren't exactly small as some reviews mentioned. They are smallish in diameter, but very plump. We got chocolate mint, pistachio, vanilla and peanut butter. My 12 YO said vanilla was her favorite. Even just smelling the chocolate mint made me suspect the flavor would have been overbearing. 
 I took a pistachio one for myself, flavor was very good and again, not too sweet, but it didn't seem super fresh. Like a "sat in the fridge for a while" aftertaste to it. 
 Baguette was sort of an obligatory add on, it was ok, nothing to write home about.
 There is a deli sort of eatery towards the back, but we didn't venture. 
 Another thing I didn't quite get was a sign that said boxes are $1 extra. So what does that mean- you can have your cake bagged? I didn't think to save a receipt for reference, but seems odd. 
 Two ladies working the counter were helpful and a girl waiting on us was sweet.
All in all, entire experience seems haphazard and disorganized. Not really a reason to rush back.
