A0X1baHPgw9IiBRivu0G9g original post 12/06/11 - updated 03/03/12

AWESOME place, but I could do without the "trendier than thou" French patrons at a French bakery...  that's a joke. Seriously this place is so legit French people are patrons of  the establishment!!!

I've been on and off the strip in search of the BEST French Bakery and it is my opinion that one does not need to look any further than this place. Their food and baked goods are fabulous and I highly recommend a visit to this bakery. Since discovering this place, I have encountered stories from people as far away as Henderson that know of this bakery and make the 30 minute journey just for Patisserie Manon. 

My first stop here was because it was close to the house and I was in search of breakfast pastry or two. Once there I noticed that they also had mini quiches so I purchased two to take home for my wife and all I can say is WOW (taste was great). Since that time, I have had the pleasure of having had and fallen in love with the following menu items:

From the Bakery:
Baguettes - Crunchy or Soft and oh, so light and wonderful.
Viennoiserie - my favorite is the Pain au Chocolate
Macarons - As they should be with a crisp shell and soft airy goodness inside 
Individual Cakes - Fraisier is my favorite followed by the Foret Noir

From the Bistro: 
Quiches - various flavors but my favorite is still the spinach and goat cheese 
Ham or Turkey Croissant
Croq Monsieur - yum, yum - I like a fried egg on top of mine

There are more items on the menu that i have yet to get around to sampling, but the ones listed above are what I have tried.

lets see, what else; the place is family owned, the service is great and the people are personable. 

The only CON:
Lattes are a bit of a disappointment, it is my understanding that they just have a premix or something like that, which is fine since it is a Patisserie and not a Cafe. They do have regular coffee which is fine - also the premixed Lattes aren't bad or anything, I like the Mocha myself, I would just prefer the ability to order up a fresh made latte or an espresso sometimes. 

...after writing this updated review, I now feel the urge to go pay them a visit; damn them for being so close to my house.
