A0X1baHPgw9IiBRivu0G9g A few years ago on my birthday, my family for some strange, bizarre reason forgot about getting a birthday cake for me. Soooo on the night of my birthday, they all realized nobody bought one for me. OUCH... major ouch indeed. To play it off, my Father previously bought a loaf of chestnut bread and stuck a candle in it and yes.. That was my birthday cake. My Father goes.. What?!!?? What's wrong with this.. It's good.. something different this year. I go.. yeah right that's Not a birthday cake, it's a loaf of bread. You guys forgot about my birthday cake?!??!! They couldn't even look at me.. I gave my Family the look of "how could you?!" After that experience, it's a tradition now that I get my own cake and everybody is happy! :)

That being said, a fellow yelper, Leos L. raved about this new French Bakery Pastry Bistro. So the curious georgette that I am, I looked up this place on Yelp and read the reviews on what's good here. One picture struck my interest of this marvelous, playful looking cake. I was sold in my birthday cake hunt. Nestled in the back of Roy's Restaurant on  W. Charleston Blvd. you'll find where this hidden treasure is located. This place is more than just sweets, they also serve lunch and chocolate candies too! 

The cake of choice is called The Fraisier. And what a cake it is... Consisting of fresh whipped cream and sliced strawberries as the filling... stacked up taller than the usual birthday cakes, this beauty came with colorful, glowing purple and red macarons with ginormous strawberries side by side each other and toasted sliced almonds all over the top of the cake! All around the sides even had sliced strawberries as part of the crust. Looked quite artsy and creative! Just looking at this cake, it reminds me of Disneyland. Makes you feel so darn good inside, maybe a little giddy perhaps, but it's one of those sights you see that just brightens you up and brings excitement in your eyes. After staring at this cake, my first bite made my taste buds Scream for joy!!! The richness in taste wasn't so empowering, but very much so inviting. Everything just melts in your mouth and the fresh whipped cream with sliced strawberries literally made such an impact, I didn't speak a word until I finished my delicious slice of heaven. Savor the moment?!! I savored each bite! So fresh and moist, this was seriously a luscious cake. They wrote Happy Birthday Suki on a separate.. what looks like the same texture as a macaron bun. Everything almost looked 3-D-ish.

It was also my first time being introduced to macarons!!! I'm familiar with macaroons with the sweetened, shredded coconuts, but not this type of pastry. It looks like a mini tiny Tiny solid color hamburger. The buns almost having a egg shell like feel, but more delicate than that. With an airy crunch density as you first bite into it, while the inside is creamy, yet soft. The filling flavor can be practically anything you want to create. That's the fun part in trying a macaron or making it. It's made well if both buns have a ruffled skirt. I would try to describe it in another way, but that's inappropriate. Use your imagination and maybe you can figure that out :P Weighs and reminds me of a toasted marshmallow, but with tons of more pizazz!!! Great addition to put on cakes, it completely transforms it to a tantalizing playground of fun!

This is one of my favorite cakes to buy for any occasion and I'll definitely go back to try more pastries especially the Tiramisu and Camille. If you don't want the full commitment in getting a cake, try a slice of the Fraisier. It might even make you say.... Oh la la! Bon Appetit :D
