A0X1baHPgw9IiBRivu0G9g Worst French food ever. Repulsive. I wanted French food one day and was guided here by all of the positive reviews but now I have NO idea what these others are talking about - it was disgusting. I'm now almost positive those people must be friends with the owners or something because, I'm sorry to say (and hear me out first!), there's NO way someone with a tongue and a mouth would like their food. I've had real French food (I'm not even referring to the expensive fancy kind) and this food wasn't even close to that. No pride in the quality or preparation and especially not in the taste. I wasted over $40 on food I couldn't eat, but to be absolutely sure - I tried at least a few bites of everything I purchased. I bought a sandwich, a quiche, the Niçoise salad, and a pain au chocolat and the only thing decent was the pastry. Maybe they do those better, but the actual "French" food was vile. Niçoise was cheap canned tuna that hadn't even been drained, canned green beans that hadn't been drained either, dry days old egg, canned olives, canned everything, and brown lettuce and all the other ingredients were poor and seemed filthy and definitely smelly. The quiche was soggy and looked/tasted like it hadn't been cooked thoroughly, had a soggy crust, and was virtually tasteless other than the soggy wet egg taste. The mushrooms were somehow hard and barely chopped. Service was poor and took a long time. The sandwich was awful as well. I can't remember the name but it was ham Brie butter and pickles - a favorite of French "street food" - and was awful. The Brie was the cheapest hardest Brie (normally a very soft delicate cheese) I've ever tasted in my life. The pickles were fine, the ham however was slimy deli meat you get out of a grocery store package - but worse. No idea where it was purchased, but Absolutely disgusting. Not at all edible. The only redeeming quality of the entire experience was the baguette used for the sandwich and the pastry. I scraped out the contents and made my own sandwich from it, but that was it. And I'm not even sure if they made the bread in house or bought it elsewhere. I'm sure I sound like a snob, and believe me normally I don't complain about food or write any reviews, but this was SO bad and such a poor excuse for food that I felt compelled to review because I wasted soo much money on food I was so excited to eat and it was absolutely terrible and inedible. Much to my dismay, I threw most of it out, so I'm hoping to warn others not to waste their time OR money. Maybe their pastries are good, and they focus on that, but I have no idea, and I certainly won't be going back to find out. If pastries are their specialty, they should stick to that and remove the restaurant part all-together. I feel bad for reviewing so harshly but Im shocked a restaurant of such poor quality exists and even more so that it had SUCH good reviews. Hopefully they will improve their quality over time and take pride in their food and its preparation/ingredients/taste because Vegas needs more French food.
