0JGMKaKJGVuDus5WcJzvjw This is the hardest review I've written, because there are so many factors playing into the experience at Liverpool House. I'll start with the food, which was good. I began with fried zucchini flowers that were stuffed with paneer and peas. They were coated in a garbanzo bean batter and fried to golden perfection. The flavors, including the accompanying sauce, were delicate and delicious - a nice kick of toasted coriander seed among them. My partner started with the short ribs in curry, and they were also very good - tender and flavorful. For mains, I had the salmon with lentils, recommended by our server, and my partner had the dorade stuffed with shrimp and served with clams. These were both flavorful, and my salmon had a surprising and nice crust, but it was extremely salty. Same of the dorade, though the clams were delicious.

So far, so good. The ambience is relaxed as well and very welcoming. I felt a little sorry for the party that was seated below the menu board since they were among the first in the place and had to suffer through every other diner hovering over their table to decide what to order (they don't provide menus at table - fine, and hey, kudos for saving trees when the menu changes daily - but odd for those at table beneath it).

The staff is great. They echo the atmosphere of the place, very easygoing, yet attentive and helpful. One server gave us a couple other recommendations for spots in Montreal, which was really kind.

The price was quite steep. My salmon with lentils was over $30. It was a warm day and we decided to have a bottle of white wine, and there was nothing on offer below $40...and the price rose to $75 pretty steeply from there. Which seems incongruous with the vibe of the place and many of the dishes on offer.

The menu overall felt a little disjointed, with some items influenced by this spot's chef, who is from Pakistan, and other items like foie gras with brioche that are more traditionally associated with the Joe Beef guys, who also run Liverpool House. I get the British-Pakistani influence, but somehow it all seemed a little more experimental than cohesive.

Lastly, and probably a key to the whole experience - Liverpool House is next door to Joe Beef, which is where we originally hoped to get a reservation, but which is booked a month out, we learned. And we were guided to Liverpool House, as are no doubt many others. But they have little in common besides ownership and maybe vibe. So it feels a bit like the poor cousin there to scoop up those who don't plan far enough ahead. Why they didn't just expand Joe Beef instead, I'm not sure - maybe it's about food sourcing or some other capacity issue. In general, it's easy to want to cheer for these guys. But I would say, if you want to go to Joe Beef and can't get in, there are better substitutes at a better price in Montreal than Liverpool House.
