aervNtqzrKf0CGrFo4xfKw A perfectly seasoned and cooked steak is hard to come by, especially when you want to keep it under $40. Tonight, we were in pursuit of this holy grail of meaty deliciousness. 

A bit out of the way, our reservations were at 6:30. We were anxious and hungry on our quest after all. Right off the bat as we entered, I noticed the demographic was a little different from the usual downtown crowd. The majority of the patrons seemed to have driven (there is a convenient parking lot), and it felt very suburban. There were a lot of blue hair and flowered blazers. I completely attribute this to our early reservation. 

Friendly staff directed us to our friend who was waiting for us at our table. The décor of the room was very French Canadian, dark wooden beams, white stucco walls, interesting abstract art on the walls. It was almost a cozy cottage atmosphere. Lovely.

We were seated right in the middle of the room, which I usually hate, but the tables were spaced so that the wait staff could move unobtrusively, and we weren't bumping elbows or the backs of our chairs with other patrons. 

Our server attended to us immediately, providing us with our menus and the specials. We ordered a bottle of wine, and our appetizers and entrees. The wine arrived promptly, and our waitress made sure to drape her napkin accordingly over her arm. Bonus points for sure. 

The appetizers followed quickly after. I ordered the Caesar salad-the lettuce was fresh, there was a lemon to squeeze on it, the dressing didn't have too much garlic and was surprisingly light. The parmesan cheese was also fresh, something that is very important for me. There was delightful crispy bread that was brushed with olive oil. My only complaint about my salad would be the bacon bits-it was actually bacon bits-had they used actual bacon the salad would have been a home run.

For my entrée I had the steak au poivre.  This was a massive angus filet mignon with Dijon mustard and a peppercorn sauce. I ordered it rare, and lo and behold.. I got it rare! Yay for me! It was beautifully plated-with garlic whipped potatoes, broiled brussel sprouts, carrots, broccoli, cauliflower, parsnips. There was a little flowery garnish on top of the whole ensemble. However-I hate that classically trained chefs feel the need to pile everything on top of each other. I don't necessarily like all my food touching. It looks nice, but when I'm picking mashed potato out of my broccoli, and trying to decide if a parsnip is a parsnip or an unmashed potato, I'm going to feel a little grumpy. Everything was delicious though. The brussel sprouts were still a little crunchy, and somehow didn't have any bitterness that is associated with underdone sprouts. There was a lot of butter involved, but it just made it that much more decadent. The steak was perfectly seasoned, had a beautiful sear on the outside, and I swear I heard it moo a little as I cut into it. It must have been more than 8 ounces, and I savoured every bite. 

After such a massive meal, we decided to share two desserts between the three of us, and we all ordered sambuca and espresso. As it was getting busier, and the clientele was shifting, the bar was getting slow with the service. Our waitress came over and apologized for the longer wait, which wasn't that bad to begin with, but showed that she obviously cared about the experience she was providing. 

My espresso was just lukewarm. The cup it was in was not one that would retain heat readily, but the flavour was there. The sambuca that came with the espresso had three coffee beans in it, a touch that I don't see that often, is nothing to me but eye candy, but so appreciated. Coffee beans in my sambuca makes me feel special okay?! 

For dessert, we got the "pouding chomeur" which is an upside-down cake with a caramel-like sauce (although the menu said it was maple) with vanilla ice cream, and a chocolate fondant with this amazing strawberry sauce. Both were so decadent and rich and light and satisfying all at once. Chocolate and strawberry are like Ryan Reynolds and Blake Lively for me.   

Our waitress was attentive, charming, and a little clumsy in an entertaining kind of way. She filled our glasses when they were empty, took away our plates when we were done with them, and left us alone to enjoy our meal. The best service I have had in years. It was very reasonably priced. Due to the location, if you are taking a cab, I would suggest calling for one as you are getting your bill. 

I am definitely coming back to this restaurant, and wish that I had visited in the summer. (Apparently they have an amazing rooftop patio) What a great evening! I'm going to polish this meaty grail and store it on my shelf of noteworthy eateries right after I click post.
