0JGMKaKJGVuDus5WcJzvjw As soon as we booked a weekend trip to Montreal, an all-out Saturday night dinner at Liverpool House was put on the agenda for what we hoped would be not only a solid meal but a highlight of our visit. Even coming in with high expectations, Liverpool House was one of the best meals we've ever had.

We speak very limited French and our waiter was incredibly patient and helpful talking us through a few suggestions based on the meal we were looking to have. He pointed us toward starting with oysters that were so fresh and delicious on their own that they needed no accompaniments despite a really tempting cocktail sauce on the table that begged to be added. An amazing artichoke crostini with a creamy cheese spread across the bread followed and disappeared almost as quickly as it arrived. 

For our main course, we had the Liverpool Steak medium rare - 16 ounces of perfectly cooked meat that will be the standard to which all future steaks are judged. The lobster spaghetti was indulgent even by our standards but considering the plate was practically licked-clean we obviously had no regrets. 

We ended the meal with capuccinos and the only dish of the night that wouldn't qualify as a "best thing I've ever eaten." Maybe it was the copious amount of food we had already consumed but the Black Forest chocolate cake was forgettable. 

As for drinks, we made our way through the beers "en fût" with the American Pale Ale and the IPA really standing out, and just for good measure we went Canadian and had Bloody Caesars which also came with an oyster on top.  

The service was outstanding, and throughout what turned into a three hour meal (!) the atmosphere fluctuated from lively and boisterous to lower-key and calmer while always managing to retain an intimate feeling throughout. Don't be fooled by any naysayers put off by the chalkboard - Liverpool House was an incredible meal and experience, and with food and service this good they could write the menu on folded origami paper in invisible ink for all I care!
