aervNtqzrKf0CGrFo4xfKw I went to Le Papillon On The Park last night on a double date, my friend and her husband suggested the restaurant.  My SO and I were driving on Eastern Ave and nearly missed the restaurant, it is hidden in the industrial section of Eastern Ave.  To our surprise, the restaurant was packed when we got there.

Atmosphere

It was very open yet intimate, we got a corner table for the 4 of us.  It felt like we were in a parisan cafe.

Food

During the week they have fixed price menu for $30 for 3 courses!  I decided to go with the fixed price menu while my SO ordered an entree.

Appetizers

Soup du Jour - Spiced Pumpkin - so comforting and delicious, the right amount of spice.  A perfect autumn soup. (part of my fixed price menu)

French Onion - we looked over at our friend's french onion soup and had to order the french onion soup for ourselves.  Broth was rich and flavourful, the cheese was perfectly baked on.  The only downside is that we wanted more cheese and a bigger portion!  ($8)

Entrees

Moules et Frites (mussels and fries) - oh so good, the mussels were perfectly steamed.  The broth was wonderful, excellent for dipping my bread in.  I wish they gave more bread to soak up the broth (part of my fixed price menu)

Seafood Papillon (it is not called this but I forget the name) - it was a seafood dish with a lovely tomato broth and garlic bread.  The seafood was well seasoned and cooked perfectly (not rubbery).  My SO gobbled it up. ($28)

Dessert

Pouding Chômeur - this is like a french english sticky toffee pudding, sweet yet warm and comforting.  The ice cream it was accompained made the best cold and warm combination.  I was glad I was sharing the dessert, it was a bit of a sugar rush/coma. (part of my fixed price menu)

Service 

Excellent service, very attentive, no complaints.  The pace of our food was brought out perfectly timed, we were not waiting too long between courses.

Overall, Le Papillion on the Park makes a great date night out.  I would recommend it if you are in the Riverside area.
