0JGMKaKJGVuDus5WcJzvjw We came in just for a weekend trip and had a reservation for Friday night at 9:30. We walked from the Vieux Port area. It was a bit of a hike, on the long side, but doable. Even though we arrived a half hour early, we got seated right away. Thank God. Because the place was packed with barely even any room to even stand in the doorway and flag a staffer to check in. 

Like the other reviewers note, the menu is on a chalkboard on a wall. I was ready for that. I wasn't ready for the items to be in French. LawdhelpmeastereotypicalAmerican. Thankfully I could gather enough food words to know what most of the items were (like moules, poulet, spaghetti, and steak) but there were definitely a few where I just had no freaking clue. Also it felt awkward to be hovering over someone's table to stare at the chalkboard... and it was dark. I tried to take a picture but it wasn't coming out clear.

So we sat at a table that was basically elbow to elbow with the tables next to us. Literally to get up and go to the bathroom, you have to push a table to the side otherwise your butt will end up in someone's drink/plate.

Our server was more than happy to explain some of the menu items but also noted that things mostly change constantly so recommendations were pretty loosygoosy. The lobster spaghetti and steak are always on the menu -- but why order the things that are always on the menu when you can be more adventurous with whatever came in and inspired that day? Plus pasta is such a safe option, and safe = boring. 

So we got mussels as an appetizer . There were four mussels stuffed with ham, breading and other unidentifiable deliciousness on top of a bed of chunky salt. Really tasty.

Then we ordered a whole arctic char stuffed with an array of mushrooms and spinach and accompanied by a luscious creamy sauce with dots of black caviar, with a side of steamed broccoli. It wasn't particularly pretty to look at, but my the flavors.... so delicious. The fish was cooked beautifully and the mushrooms and sauce all went together unexpectedly well. 

For dessert, we split the Paris Brest with chocolate and hazelnuts and pastry cream. It was alright. The choux pastry was denser and chewier than I expected, but you can't really go completely wrong with smothering pastry cream, chocolate and hazelnuts on anything. 

So overall, a fine fine meal and great experience.
