AHosGBveeXx9YjsQvdJgeg Great view. (insert sounds of crickets chirping here) 

But that's about it. Bentley's really didn't impress me the other night. 

When we got there- the hostess asked us to take a seat in the bar as our table wasn't ready. Okay. So we sit in the stylish bar in front of the fireplace and a woman comes over to take our drink order. At that point the hostess came and got us for the table and the server basically never got us our drinks. In most fine dining restaurants- once the drink order is taken, it doesn't matter if you drink them in the bar or the restaurant; they take them to where you are. But not the case here. So we never got that first drink. 

That was the first service mis step of the night. The rest of the service errors were due to the server who we had (or didn't have, as the case may be, as this guy was missing in action for most of our VERY long dinner). 

We were celebrating a birthday and had asked for a window table for this occasion. We were seated in the perfect table- right on the edge of the window looking out over downtown Charlotte. This was off to be a great night. Or so I thought. 

Our server came over with a couple of bottles of champagne to tempt us but we were in the wine and cocktail mood so we passed on the champagne. Maybe that was our mistake as this guy didn't come back to our table to get our drink order for at least 15 minutes. 

No drinks. No bread refresh. No fresh ground pepper (other tables had it) No service. Where is all this "southern hospitality" that my friends down here talk to me about? Not at Bentley's on this Thursday night, that's for sure. 

We placed our order. Too bad for me that they didn't have Grouper on this night although it was printed on the menu (my fav) but had instead substituted Mahi Mahi in for it. No thanks. I went with surf and turf with a filet and crab along with a salad to start. 

My friend ordered escargot to start and this same server tried to talk him out of it saying it would take 20 minutes to prepare. " Hey!", thought I. "The man wants snails . . .give him snails!" Don't try to talk him out of it. So the rest of our appetizers came up with the snails and were quite good. 

There might have been a pacing problem in the kitchen as our entrees then took forever to come out. And when they did, other than the sides coming out piece meal, the food was pretty good- although there was gravy over my filet when I had ordered it with Bearnaise sauce. Also-there were only 2 melted butters brought out to the table- when clearly 3 of us were having lobster or crab. 

At this point- our dinner was going on the 2.5 hour point and we were meeting others and had to go. However- we knew there was a special birthday dessert coming out but again . . .it was taking forever. When it finally came out, we had a forkful and then practically ran out of the door. 

Dinner for 4 ran about $400 which would have been reasonable for a fine dining restaurant, had we gotten a fine dining experience. 

An off night? I don't know. This server really blew it. And at that price? I am sure there are better choices in Charlotte.
