AHosGBveeXx9YjsQvdJgeg Maybe is was an off night. Maybe it's because we told the waiter we don't drink booze and he thought we were just being cheapskates. Any way you look at it, we were underwhelmed to be as polite as possible. This is a critical review in hopes of helping a business make some improvements, not just to complain or be a troll. 
 
I made reservations online for our anniversary because we had been there a couple of times before and loved the tableside flambe dessert option. I received a callback confirming our reservation. So it started out well.

As we drove downtown, I stopped in front of the building to access the valet parking but there was none. So I had to parked across the street in the parking deck and had my wife navigating up stairwells in her high heels.  When we got up to 37, the hostess confirmed they did away with valet parking a couple of years ago. I don't own a business, but I would think that when someone is going to pay $100/person for dinner valet parking is as essential as a fork. A block away at the epicenter I can valet if I am going to get a $10 burger. 

We were promptly seated and had an amazing view and table. Gorgeous.

We were greeted by a server who told us he and another colleague would be the team taking care of us and he took our drink orders. 2 minutes later, his teammate came and gave us the same speech and asked us about drink orders. Waiter 2 came back to take our order 10 minutes later and in the process of doing so said that it was really busy and he couldn't remember if we wanted something else to drink besides water. So that was the 3rd time our drink orders were requested. The 2 waiter thing doesn't work.

We ordered 2 Queen Charlotte(i believe) salads for both the wife and I. It was delicious!  The team had dropped off a dolop of butter at our table but no bread until after the salads were eaten. I watched them going around to each table stating that bread would be out shortly and apologizing. Really poor execution. Credit where it is due that when the bread came is was warm, fresh and tasty. 

She ordered filet and scampi for the main course and I had the Ribeye. A 3rd person delivered our food and departed. Thankfully it was absolutely incredible food and cooked exactly how we asked.  However they would not know because nobody returned for the next 45 minutes with the exception of the busboy filling up our h20 2x.  Not a how is your steak cooked, is everything the way you ordered it or pop in after 10 minutes to see how things are going. I am not looking to be badgered but this was extreme.Mind you the restaurant probably had 7-8 other tables. Not at all busy, so much so that the waiter was changing out linens on empty tables while we were eating. Really bizarre. 

When they cleared away our plates, we were hoping to see the dessert menu since that was the real motive for coming. However we were just sitting there for probably 20 minutes with a table of crumbs and partially cleared away dishes. So at that point, we had given up on the prospect of the dessert mission and agreed to go to Firebirds to get the Bad Daddy Chocolate Cake. Then one of the waiters came up to tell us that he apologized but there was some confusion in the kitchen and the other waiter shows up with a creme brulee and candle for our anniversary. Now that was very very thoughtful gesture and I know I sound like a whiner but I will say it anyway. I don't like creme brulee and then they hurried away so quickly that we literally couldn't order coffee to have with it. Another 10 minutes passed and since nobody came by we decided to flag down our waiter to get the check. He did thank us for our patience over the evening.

So my recap was excellent view of the city and delicious menu. Poor execution and service. I would have been disappointed if this were Chili's let alone a high end restaurant. I left a 10% gratuity which is the first time I have done that in  10 years. I would usually give 15% for even a poor experience, but this was pretty brutal. I am disappointed because they have all the makings of creating a great experience but really dropped the ball.

Bad Daddy Chocolate Cake at Firebirds was amazing!
