An_U8woQkFVsMqVblkImZQ After having had a marvelous dinner at Campagnolo, we decided to go elsewhere for dessert since their dessert menu was rather scant and nothing was calling out to me.

Dessert Trends aka DT Bistro-Patisserie, had been on my to-try list for awhile.  It is not very often that an Asian pastry chef builds a reputation for himself, and so in support of my heritage I decided to give it a try.  Chef Duong is the man behind all of this.  On their website, it states that he has created cakes for the Queen, the Pope, the Prime Minister and other dignitaries.  These people may be high profile individuals, but they must not have very high expectations when it comes to food.

When we arrived, we were asked if we were there for dinner or dessert.  If dinner, please go to the left, to the much nicer seating area, if dessert, please make a right into the nook. 

When you walk in, you will be wowed by the display of pastries displayed at the counter.  I found it rather unprofessional and tacky that the signs in front of each sweet good was messily scribbled on a piece of white cardboard/paper in a blue ballpoint pen.  It just made for a sloppy presentation.

Our server had walked past us a dozen times, mostly into the dining room and we were ignored.  It was a good 5-10 minutes before he finally came to take our order.  We decided on the Lemon Meringue Tart and a London Fog.  We had wanted to try the Durian Gelato, but it was sold out.  What a bummer!  Other Asian-inspired desserts were available such as the Lychee & Passionfruit Pannacotta.I have never had a London Fog before.  The London Fog at DT was served as a steamed milk with an Earl Grey tea bag steeping in it.  I found it to be bland, and cold barely taste the tea.  However, this could be because Earl Grey is not a strong tea.  At the end of the day, I felt I paid for a cup of heated milk.  The Lemon Meringue Tart gets points for presentation.  The meringue was not quite as light and airy as I have tasted in the past and I imagine the tart had been sitting in the refrigerated counter for some time which led to a stiffer meringue.  You can definitely tell it was not fresh.  The tart shell was too hard though the lemon filling was quite good.

Verdict:

I was thoroughly disappointed with Dessert Trends. Everything from the lack of service to the ant I saw crawling across the floor.  For $13, I felt the quality was lacking.  I will go elsewhere for my future sugar fix.
