An_U8woQkFVsMqVblkImZQ PERFECT night for DT Bistro to have all their doorway to the street open as we arrived closer to 9:00 pm and saw 1 table of patron and was greeted shortly by a server. He explained to us the display case was down but the offerings are still there in the tall fridge next to the display. 

He also explained that their GELATO are made without any additives and offered to give out samples and sample we did. I personally was given the Mango Cream but then I was curious towards the Salted Caramel but changed back to the Mango Cream after tasting the Salted Caramel. 

The Mango Cream($3.50/small) tasted just like Mango and even had a tiny bit of acidity to it that gave it that Mango taste. It could definitely be an excellent palate cleanser between courses. It had what I believe to be a DRIED blood orange slice on top as a garnish. 

Desserts($7.50-$8.00) reviews as follows: 

Strawberry/Mango/Panna Cotta - I like the Mango Panna Cotta combination as it is common to have a Mango and Cream go well together. I like the Strawberry Panna Cotta combo as well because who doesn't like Strawberry and Cream. However when all three combined, I'm not sure if the Mango goes that well with the Strawberry. 

Blueberry(?) Cheesecake - Cheesecake texture and flavour was spot-on but unfortunately I cannot call myself a Cheesecake connoisseur at the moment so I'm A-OK with this for now.

Chocolate Ganache Paramid - Smooth Chocolate Ganache that I'm a FAN of.  What more can I say??  Maybe just to say if I was a Chocolate Addict, this would be my choice within this district.

Chocolate Mousse w/Macaron - Mousse was smooth and creamy with a HINT of something I sadly could not pick out.  As there was a UYE Macaron Event I could not attend, I wanted to try a Macaron for myself and it was A-OK.

As 10:00pm came by we were given INDICATION(Lights) that the shop was closing and we asked and the server said when there's little business it will close earlier than 11:00pm but told as after that we were okay to stay a bit longer.  It was fortunate as a few more patrons came in and chatted with them and purchased some Gelato.  BTW, I give full marks for the service tonight.
