An_U8woQkFVsMqVblkImZQ DT Bistro used to be our go-to.  The food was always great tasting, portions were large and price was awesome.  Service was to our expectations; nothing to complain about.  The space was ok, but we had always heard from the owner and head chef that renovations were in the plans as the space was inefficient.  When renovations finally took place, hubby and I were anxiously waiting for them to re-open as we needed our fix.

We went the other night after realizing that they had re-opened.  We were anticipating some changes to the menu, especially prices.  To our surprise, the menu and prices did not have too much of a change (an additional $1 for their prix fixe menu, now $26, and they look some items off the prix fixe menu).  The space was nicely done, although I was disappointed that you can no longer see the display of their homemade gelato (I liked walking up there pre-reno. to look and choose my gelato flavours for dessert!).  The food was just as good as we remembered it to be; however, the service was atrocious.

It wasn't as if our server was rude, but she was not attentive at all.  She did the bare minimum and was slow.  It seemed as though she was only responsible for our table (a table of 2) and one in front of us (a table of 4).  I saw her approach the table in front of us several times, maybe she forgot items or maybe the guests wanted more.  But not once did she look up or come over to our table to take our dessert choices.  We asked another server and he responded that we should wait for our server.  We continued to wait ( and tried to get the attention of our server) until we couldn't wait any longer and asked the same server again in a more stern tone and he still wouldn't take our order, but instead, tried to get our server.  She arrived and asked what we would like.  We replied that we would like to order our dessert.  She was ready to take our order, but I had to ask her, what the dessert choices were and what were the flavours of the gelato.  She listed them out from her head, but was hesitant and seemed unsure.  Instead of checking or perhaps bringing us the dessert menu, she stood there, expecting us to choose one of the items she had just listed.

We made our choice and also ordered 1 coffee.  The desserts and coffee came.  I guess my husband was thirsty for coffee as he finished his cup even before we finished eating the dessert.  We were hoping that our server (or any server, at this point) to come by and offer some more coffee.  This did not happen.  We waited another long period for our server to come by our table so that we could just ask for the bill.  And another long time was waited for her to bring the credit card terminal over.  We finally completed our transaction and walked out the door.  

It is unfortunate that one of our favourite restaurants have actually put doubt in our minds and have made us consider not to go back again.
