aSC-WLyJptVpziJpR98Ykg This is on the corner of the street and the wide windows allow for excellent people watching, especially as the nightlife starts pumping in the OP (Vieux Port/Old Port) which has quite an interesting cast of characters.  This place has a Bistro feel from the décor with the daily wine by the glass choices on a chalkboard.  I put my trust in the waiter to choose wines for me after I told him my preferences and he selected an excellent Burgundy chardonnay and a sparkling wine.  I unfortunately had to hold myself to two glasses but by all means go buck wild.  I would surmise there isn't a bad wine in the place.

I am a vegetarian but had no issues with the menu, even though Montreal is game heavy (I find).  The chef had foie as an option with pretty much everything but it wasn't a problem finding something without.  I had their cold asparagus soup, it had orange yogurt and the hints of orange worked with the asparagus in a way that I couldn't have imagined.  So the night was already won in my mind since I go to restaurants to find tastes I wouldn't be able to create on my own.  My second course, I had to choose the snails and prawns - when in Petit Paris do as the parisiennes do!  They were delectable, moist, tender, and in a garlic broth sauce that I used the rest of my bread to sop up.  My last course was my least favorite, it was a bean risotto.  I debated giving the restaurant five stars but ultimately had to do four as in my opinion it seemed this was the dish the chef put on just for us vegheads.  I didn't think the flavors were as well developed or as delicious as my other courses.  This was why I had to chop you (a star...) Ok no more Ted Allen for me.  :)  Anyway I would recommend this to anyone, the service was good although relaxed timing between courses (great for a date), décor delightful, and overall the food was fantastic.  

*Note to women - Don't wear high heels unless you are driving directly there and not going to walk the OP.  It is all cobblestone roads,  beautiful and treacherous.  Lesson learned...  But do feel comfortable dressing up.
