aSC-WLyJptVpziJpR98Ykg We chose Chez L'epecier as our "blowout" meal of our trip to Montreal. And by "blowout" I mean both in quantity and quality of the meal and budget. And yay! It was worth it! And definitely make a reservation. We called about 5 days in advance and got the exact time we wanted.

We thought we'd get the tasting menu with wine pairings, but after hearing about it... we were both very meh. So, we decided to explore from the menu. Ordered a fabulous bottle of Clos Figueras wine. Given that this a French restaurant, I was appreciative of their non-French wine selections; limited, but good quality.

I had the fois gras and almost died because the fois gras was good, but pairing it with "smoked yogurt" was amazing. Also pairing this with the Sauternes and I thought I was in heaven. My husband had the razor clam app with edamame and highlighted with trout eggs. He was still talking about it two days later.

We both had the osso bucco. My husband had warned me that Montreal has some of the best osso bucco in the world and well... this was amazing. The polenta was only okay (not to my liking - a little bland), but the meat was so... I don't even have the words. On the side was also a vanilla/carrot foam that was really intriguing (and tasty on the polenta).

For dessert we had the creme brulees... which were a little surprising, but good! My husband did find some campari for his pre-dinner drink. I enjoyed a cappucino to end.

The waiter was very good; I'd give him 4.5 (not quite a 5 rating). I did appreciate that when talking with him about wine suggestions, he recommended some very reasonably priced bottles; we went with the slight less reasonably priced bottle. At the end of the meal, my husband was looking for some Averna or Kirch brandy, neither of which they had, but the waiter offered to bring some raspberry brandy (similar to Kirch) over for him to taste. And it was a winner...

We spent 3+ hours and a lot of $, but we got our "blowout" dinner (and fortunately a mile+ walk back to the hotel to burn some of it off!). It was lovely and well worth it. Met all of our expectations and threw in some interesting surprises as well.  I have to admit, my favorite part of this place (in hindsight) was the traditionally good food, but each with a surprising little twist that made it a bit of a culinary adventure.
