0JGMKaKJGVuDus5WcJzvjw Preparing for our trip to Montreal, we did the typical research: foodie TV shows, travel articles and, of course, Yelp. And in all of our studying, two names kept coming up: Frédéric Morin and David McMillan. 

So by the time we arrived, it's fair to say that their restaurants, Joe Beef and Liverpool House, were on our must-try lists and that we had some lofty expectations. 

Well, Liverpool House met those expectations and exceeded them, perhaps more so than any other restaurant ever has. For the first time, I truly wish there was a sixth star I could give a business. It was superb not only in food but also in service.

I'll start with the service. My boyfriend and I had heard that both restaurants are tough to get into without reservations well in advance. Deciding to try our luck, we called ahead and were told that there weren't any spots available but we could show up and perhaps luck into a cancelation. 

So we did, and we did! The host was very gracious, and asked if we would be able to give up the table in an hour and a half for a later reservation. At the time, I thought an hour and half seemed like more than enough time to eat in this dark, sexy restaurant, but in all honesty, we could have stayed there for much longer. 

We were shown to our table, which as other reviewers have mentioned, was in close quarters to other diners. And our server (who we found out later is also one of the managers) was patient enough to go over the menu with us. 

The menu is written on a large chalkboard, in French. Considering our table was not near that area of the restaurant nor do we know French, it was great to have a guide. 

And he first guided us to the pig tails, a pork version of buffalo chicken wings. Yes, these were really pig tails, but the tails had been cut up in inch or so sections. These had a bit of a kick to them and were served with a Ranch-like dressing. They also had small bones in them, which our server/the manager warned us about. Definitely a high-end take on pub grub. 

And then for my entree, I got the much written about lobster spaghetti. Oh, the lobster spaghetti. One of the best dishes I have ever eaten. Instead of little bits of lobster mixed into the pasta, like you might see elsewhere, an entire lobster was presented in this spaghetti -- claws, tail and all. And boy did it hit the spot. Liverpool House used thicker spaghetti, which held on to more of the savory sauce. The serving size was also large, but I did not have any trouble finishing it off. This is last-meal material.

We shared the Brussels sprouts -- another revelation. These were served in a sweet vinegar sauce, which brought something new to this trendy dish. I have tried to find a recipe for these online but am so far unsuccessful.

My boyfriend got the trout, which was served whole with mushroom and cabbage stuffed inside. At any other restaurant, this would easily be the star, but next to these other dishes, it definitely played back-up singer. 

And then for dessert, we got the cheese plate, so that we could enjoy some more raw-milk cheese while in Canada. The server/manager recommended this cheese plate as well as a port-like Banyuls wine pairing. Just wow. The plate was served with warm, soft, thick, buttery, toasted bread, which was great for spreading cheese. The server/manager suggested a few types of cheeses as well as the spoonful of local honey. Now this is what a cheese plate should be. 

And the wine. We are trying desperately to find a way to get it in the states. It was sweet and warmed us up on that cold night. 

Throughout the meal, our cups never came close to empty, and our food came out fast. I loved the casual soundtrack that played while we dined, which included Blues Traveler, Justin Timberlake and other '90s and '00s hits. You could tell that while this restaurant takes its food seriously, it doesn't have a big ego about it. 

Plus the servers and staff seemed to genuinely enjoy working there. We watched other servers take care of the tables around us, and they all seemed happy to answer questions and full of pride and smiles. They also seemed to get along well with each other, helping each other out when needed. 

This was just such a fun place to be. 

And then when we left, the host had remembered us and made sure that we were able to enjoy everything, without feeling rushed to make it out before they needed the table for the 9 p.m. reservation. The restaurant was packed yet he kept track of everyone there. 

Great service and great food don't always go hand in hand. Liverpool House should be the standard other restaurants aspire to. I hope that I get to travel to Montreal again and enjoy this experience for a second time.
