aT_SsfZ6GQgJGyuIv1Hapw Macarons, macarons, macarons.  That's all I see on these reviews here.  I've been to Bouchon Bakery before but I just happened to stop by because I stayed at Venetian back then and the guest elevator was right there.  I've ordered coffee and something else which I can't remember what.  They were good but didn't think anything was exceptional.  

My sister was with me this time and she happened to like these kind of bakeries so we headed to try this oh so popular macarons.  They looked like one of those tasteless meringue desserts, I wasn't sold still.  I told the guy I've never had them so pick one flavor for me.  He said his favorites were coffee or pistachio so I got a coffee macaron and a madeleine.  I've bought a little bag of madeleines at Jean Philippe Patisserie before and they were very dry and awful.  I was very disappointed with them but Bouchon's madeleine was moist and good as it should be.  

Finally I had a bite of macaron...  Oooohh Mmmmyyy Goooood, it was soooo gooooood!!!!!  My sister said there is this bakery shop near her work which sells macarons and they were so good, she always thought to bring some for me but they were so delicate, she never did.  She got chocolate and raspberry.  Chocolate one was good but I thought coffee was a bit better and the raspberry one was not too sweet not too tangy, simply delicious!  She said those macarons are even better than her favorite place.  They were probably one of the best thing I've eaten for a long time and I'm talking about a dessert.  Crazy good! 

Before we left Vegas, we stopped there again and had some more for us on the road and few more for my pet sitter.  I've asked them to put a few in a box and they told me they have a box of each flavor (total of six) for price of five so I've got that.  

Those macarons must have something in it like we call Pinkberry, "Crackberry"...  They are so addictive and now I want to drive 4 hours to Vegas just to get those macarons now!      
      
Those macarons definitely deserve the 5 stars.
