-4TMQnQJW1yd6NqGRDvAeA A perfect experience!...

I helped organize a corporate dinner at The House Brasserie last night, and our entire experience could not have been any better! Every attendee--many who were from outside the US--had extremely positive remarks about the evening's experience. In other words: SUCCESS! The ambiance was beautiful, the food was extraordinary, and the service likewise outstanding.

Our group of 40+ was seated in the large, brick-paved patio area out front. The tables were arranged with thoughtful intentionality so as to make our group as comfortable as possible in the beautiful space. The lights, house music, table decor, and gorgeous weather all added to the delightful environment. 

When our group arrived we were greeted by servers ready with fresh drinks, hot appetizers, and smiling faces. And as the next three courses were delivered one-after-the-other with precision timing throughout the evening (props to the kitchen staff!), our taste buds danced with each exquisite plate as we anxiously awaited the next round of mouth-watering goodness. 

And as awesome as the ambiance and food were, the overall service completely tied it all together. The management staff were present, hands-on, and willing to bend over backward to ensure everything was perfect for us. The servers were warm and authentically friendly all night long. The bussers were helpful, timely, and unobtrusive. You could tell that the team had been well trained due to the high standard of professionalism from everyone there.  

From an event planner's perspective, I can't wait for the next time I will have the privilege to work with the team at The House again. While we were originally planning to hold our event at a different nearby restaurant, I'm so happy we changed our plans to spend the evening at The House. Sonia, Brian, Jimmy, Chef Matt, Sarah, and ALL of the staff were amazing to work with. They were personable and professional. They said YES more than no. They sought to accommodate us in every feasible way. And those things matter to me as a customer. From the first site visit I did with Sonia months before our event, it was clear that she and the team are top-notch professionals who endeavor to deliver the best possible experience for their patrons. Two thumbs, three cheers, and five stars for The House Brasserie!
