aT_SsfZ6GQgJGyuIv1Hapw This small French dessert kiosk is located behind the escalator on the casino floor of the Venetian. The obscured location might be difficult to find, but somehow we always managed to stumble upon it. Without a seating area, the line alongside the large pastry counter may be long, but it usually gives us just enough time to make the right choices. 

My favorite item was the PBC ($4.25). It came with a layer of salted peanut butter with a ring of chocolate, sandwiched in-between two thick cookies filled with bits and pieces of peanuts and chocolates embedded here and there. The centrality of the sweet and salty peanut flavor nicely intermingled with the dark semi-sweet chocolate. The cookies were firm with a nice crisp and crumbly texture. I am a big fan of peanut butter, and together, this sandwich cookie was a winner.

I also enjoyed the palm size French Macarons ($3.50) and would highly recommend them. One of Santi's favorites, the Pistachio Macaron was semi-sweet, and carried a refined, natural pistachio flavor. The outer texture was crisp, egg shell-like, and delicate, followed by an air pocket before reaching the base of the shells and its creamy filling. Together, the macaron had a good chew, but the base of the shell was a bit stiff and thicker than necessary. 

Comparatively, I had better results with the Salted Caramel Macaron. Well balanced, the refined caramel flavor was sensational along with a slight hint of salt in the background. The all-around contrasting textures of this macaron were also more consistent with my expectations. I would love to get the Salted Caramel Macaron again, but I'm also looking forward to trying the other seasonal flavors.

The Chocolate Chunk Cookie ($3.25) was not the best, but still highly addictive. This massive cookie was firm, crispy, and fully loaded with semi-sweet chocolate in every bite. I wished the crispy buttery cookie had a softer chew, but the thick crumbly texture did not deter me from eating it all in one setting. I would have enjoyed this cookie more if it could be served warm. 

The item I did not fully enjoy was the Pain au Chocolat ($4). The crisp, ultra flaky, airy and soft textures were impressive, and nicely accompanied by a hint of salt and buttery flavor. However, there were only two tiny strips of chocolate embedded at the bottom of the croissant. To date, Amandine Patisserie still has my favorite Pain au Chocolat.

I also do not recommend the Cinnamon Roll ($4). The layers were too dense, stiff, and cake-like without the yeasty airy dimensions to render that soft gooey cinnamon wow factor.

The TLC ($3.25) made with pecan, cinnamon, and rolled oats had a one-dimensional earthy flavor without some other ingredients to complicate the overall profile. I tried, but did not finish the cookie.

Overall, their desserts were more buttery than sugary, with impressive level of balance in the flavors and textures across each ingredient. It wasn't necessarily a refined experience in every bite, but there was still plenty to like about their pastries and desserts. Service was to the point and prompt on each of our visits. I hope to return soon to try their Grilled Cheese Sandwich, Kouign-Amann, Thomas Keller Oreo, and Seasonal Éclairs and Tarts.
