atNpoWy_XrhT9EUIEP6azg Metro Brasserie offers the best value for your French dining dollar in town.  Compared to Vincent on Camelback, Christopher's, Zinc Bistro, Coup des Tartes and Sophie's French Bistro, Metro Brasserie is THE go-to French restaurant in Phoenix.  Metro Brasserie fills a HUGE void in this town by offering delicious French food at a reasonable price.  

I really want to give this restaurant five stars but I just can't.  The problem is the menu.  It needs a re-write.  The descriptions are simplified to the point that the menu does not clearly set a diner's expectations.  The prime example was the dish my BF ordered.  The menu described it as "Poulet Rouge:  roasted chicken, Carolina-Gold rice, vegetables" ($17).  From the description, I envisioned roasted chicken on a pile of plain rice with a veggie medley.  When I asked our waiter, he clarified that the rice is actually a risotto and they take the meat from the wing and the thigh and blend it into the risotto.  The chicken breast is cooked and rolled in the crispy skin.  Hello?  That's nowhere near what I expected from the menu.  The two women seated near us who were conversing in French called the waiter over after they received their food.  The woman who ordered the chicken had to ask the waiter if she received the correct dish as she didn't recognize it.  The way the chicken breast is rolled and the skin is crisped, when the kitchen slices it into medallions to place on top of the risotto, it looks more like bacon-wrapped scallops.  It's fine to under-promise and over-deliver, but this menu is a clunker and it gets in the way of the excellent food. 

We started off with the Fried Green Tomatoes ($11).  When the menu mentioned that they would be served with blue crab, I figured there would be a speck or two on the plate.  I was delightfully surprised when the tomatoes arrived absolutely covered in huge chunks of crab.  This is a generous amount of crab and the combination of the warm, crunchy tomatoes with the cool crab and the sauce remoulade was perfectly balanced.  

The doughy texture of the bread reminded me of the bread sticks at the Olive Garden with a harder crust.  They were good and the warm bread was nicely complimented with herbed butter.  However, I expect mini baguettes to offer up the traditional symphony of crunch that sets them apart. 

Both of us ordered the Frisee au Lardons ($9).  I expected the salad to be frisee tossed with a warm bacon dressing served with lardons (bacon cubes), a poached egg and a crouton.  The menu mentioned a Creole mustard dressing, but I didn't expect the salad to be served cold.  When I asked the waiter about it, he said he would talk to kitchen because it was supposed to be warm.  On his second stop by the table after I brought it up, I finally told the waiter that the fact the salad was served on an ice cold plate (which would have been a good thing if the salad was supposed to be cold), likely contributed to cooling off the dressing.  However, the frisee showed no wilting at all so I don't believe it was ever heated.  The menu description needs to be tweaked.  I would not order this salad again given the cold dressing and I feel like the menu should have told me that.  Maybe a lot of folks who dine here aren't familiar enough with French food to have expectations for classic dishes like this, but the menu should disclose when they're monkeying around with a standard.

I had the Brasserie Burger ($12) and it was utter perfection.  This is bad news for Delux as the burger here is flat-out amazing.  Order it.  You will not be disappointed.  It's the best burger in town.  I splashed out the extra $2 for the Pommes Frites.  They were delicious and serving them in a paper-lined mini metal bucket is genius because it keeps them warm.  

The BF had the aforementioned Poulet Rouge.  He's not the type of guy to order chicken in a restaurant, but both of us agreed we would order this dish again.  The breast meat was perfectly moist and the skin that was crisped around it was utterly delectable.  The one change this dish needs is more aggressive seasoning of the risotto.  Otherwise, this is fantastic and a screaming deal for $17.  

To round out the meal, we had the Sticky Toffee Pudding ($7) and it was excellent.  The warm cake was a nice contrast to the pistachio gelato.  The ice cream arrived a bit melty on the plate, but the flavor combination was spot on.  The crème fraiche was a really nice counterpoint to the sweetness.

Check out the crazy restrooms!  Like Christopher's, they are awfully spacious... 

After enjoying a fantastic meal at Metro Brasserie, I am surprised that I didn't catch on that the concept of this restaurant is "French country meets the American South" until I read it on their web site.  True, the fried green tomatoes should have been a huge clue, but it didn't come across via the décor or the menu.   

Metro Brasserie is our new go-to French restaurant.  We will be back!
