aveqqTTutqV5tOl3_SeI8A Enrico Tinoco is a Mexican who has left enchilladas and nachos behind him. Leaving Mexico when he was 15, he headed for California where he trained as a chef under Italian and French maestros. Once he'd got some savings, he upped for Las Vegas to realise his dream of opening his own restaurant.
 The address, Suite 107 Charleston Boulevard, sounds classy, but is far from that. Tinoco's is little more than a shed at the end of a group of ex-industrial units in the Downtown area of Las Vegas. The area is slowly being converted to a retail district, and Tinoco's is next door to an arts complex where budding painters and sculptors have a small commune of galleries.


 Do not be deterred by the appearance or location. Inside, you will find a comfortable, friendly, 2-roomed bistro, bustling with life and filled with the aromas of good cooking. The walls are crammed with prints, paintings and mixed-media artworks provided by the neighbouring artists, all with price tags on them. Enrico gets a commission if one is sold. Seating is a mixture of banquettes and comfortable chairs. The floor is overlaid with wooden tiles of random size, made from old brandy casks bought by Enrico in California; he made the tiles himself, and says that when they were new the rooms were imbued with a lovely scent of brandy-aged oak. Now they have an aging patina and provide a feature which is quite unique.


 And so to the food. American favourites such as chowder, salads, pastas, chops and lobster have been given the Mediterranean treatment by Enrico. His light touch and deft seasoning transform staple dishes into culinary delights. There is a strong Italian influence and the pasta is superb, with innovative dishes such as Penne with Smoked Salmon, Asparagas and Pink Vodka.


 I had Crab-stuffed Shrimp over risotto with grilled vegetables in a lemon butter sauce. I almost wept with joy. A word about these Shrimps: for what we call shrimps (which could in no way ever be stuffed because they are so small), the Americans provide Jumbo Scampi, whopping 5-inchers straight out of the Pacific.


 The wine list contains well-priced wines from California, Europe and South America, from $15-$50. Expect to pay $6-$10 for your appetizers, $12-25 for your mains.


 Nearly all Enrico's staff are ex-pat Mexicans, several of whom have been with him since he started. We were fortunate to be served by Janet and Veronica, two of the best waitresses I have encountered. Everyone was so friendly. Enrico himself came out of the kitchen after we'd finished, and spent 5 minutes talking food,answering our questions, and giving a potted history of his career.


 We were the last to leave, that lunchtime. We asked for a cab to be called; Enrico said we have a special cab here. Next thing, he pulled up outside in his car and drove us back to The Strip, chatting animatedly all the way about cooking. He wouldn't dream of accepting a few dollars for the service.


 What a man, what a place!
