aW6Z4NSqEVli-xYMV3jRyg I travel extensively and globally, entertaining customers and enjoy the opportunity to try some of the best ,and unfortunately some of the most overrated, places in major cities.

Unfortunately, Zebra falls into the category of "I'm not going there again." 

The waiter starts off with the special entrees and give us the pitch on the oysters and the scallop appetizers. We socialize a bit and he comes back and four of us place our orders. After a bit, the waiter comes back to inform us our appetizer (oysters) are actually sold out and he's very sorry. We order an Oregon Pinot, Penner Ash, a solid good Shea Vineyard selection which we've tried before.

The menu is a bit over the top. Every dish seems to have something in it to kill the patron. For example the "Simple Fish" is a flounder in and wine and butter sauce with some tapenade....blah, blah, blah...the covered with a lobster tail with some cream sauce. I'm like "what?, that's simple?" Finally, I asked what's the lightest thing on the menu and was directed to chicken in a hollandaise sauce. 

Get REAL folks!. You can't eat this ostentatious crap and 1) expect it to be "French food", and 2) expect to continue live to the next day. I was in France less than 6 months ago. The French do not eat this crap. OK, I'll get off my soapbox....the menu was extreme, but there were some salad options as starters.

Personally, I had the Zebra salad which was good and had organic greens, raspberry and citrus fruits. I ended up ordering the simple fish w/o the lobster and w/o the sauce. If the flounder is good, why ruin it? It was ok. 

We shared a dessert and coffee afterwards.

Then, we got the check which totaled about $400 for 4 people with 1 bottle of wine. We couldn't figure out how this happened until we realized we either misread, (or our menu was incorrect), the price of the Penner Ash....it was $155 and we thought it was $70. 

We called the waiter back and he said he's see what he could do. I googled the wine and the full retail price on the web ranges from 38.99 to 52.99. 400% markup on wine is unheard of! Even if we made a mistake, we were appalled and disappointed at Zebra's pricing and subsequent treatment. Needless to say, we paid and left. (Zebra did offer us 10% off the wine after the waiter phoned the owner.)

The ambiance is good, service is raw for a "fine french restaurant" and food average or sub-optimal. Combine this with ridiculous mark-up and my suggestion is find another place to dine. The place won a lot of awards and realizing I'm going against the grain, however, this isn't 21st century good food, good service or even a good menu.  

I'm very disappointed with this selection.

(Definitely falls into Yelp's "splurge" category without the complete "experience")
