aW6Z4NSqEVli-xYMV3jRyg Second time here and STILL SOLID FIVE STARS! I promise I won't be as long as my first review here. I'll summarize it all in one word: AMAZING!

My best friends from Knoxville, TN were in town for my 50th birthday (yeah I can't believe it either), and we decided to go to Zebra based upon my recommendation. And yet again, Zebra delivered!

3 of 4 of us got the 4 course tasting menu which really is a great deal given the quality of the restaurant. I brought a very special 2009 Grand Cru Burgundy (hey you only live once) and my buddy Dean wound up buying a 2011 Ridge Lytton Zin blend. We shared some wine with Michael, Zebra's Sommelier, and even played the "brown bag" game with him, which we very much enjoyed. And yes, he has a good palate (FYI)!

I'll post some pics of the food we ate. The Lobster Bisque and their signature Foie Gras Mushroom soups are incredible! Also had a few more appetizers as part of the 4 course deal, such as Scallops and an AWESOME Fois Gras Torchon. THAT was one of the best Foie Gras dishes I've ever had! SPECTACULAR! Then for the mains, we ordered their special Zebra "Basket" filled with Lobster, Scallops and Filet in a specially made pasta. I had this before and it's most unique. They of course loved it. I opted for the double Tournados of beef, and they were very flavorful and cooked perfectly (medium rare). My buddy Dean had the duck which was outstanding. 

Their desserts were works of art, in addition to being delicious. Their pecan chocolate torte was delectable and not too sweet. Almost had a savory component to it. His wife had a chocolate cake with a homemade ice cream with a brittle compote. Also delicious.

The wait staff here is uber professional, friendly, and accomodating. Michael the Sommelier really helped make our evening by taking a few moments of his busy night to engage with us and enjoy our wine game (we brown bag them to keep our palates sharp). He then shared a "blind glass" with us, which was fantastic!

Again, I HIGHLY recommend Zebra! It's just as good as Barringtons, just a little different. But you can't go wrong at either place. I still say BOTH are the BEST restaurants in Charlotte.
