aW6Z4NSqEVli-xYMV3jRyg We went to Zebra on Saturday to celebrate my Birthday. Overall the experience was disappointing:

When we arrived the table they reserved for us had been sat in already so we did a little backtracking to the main lobby. The manager (?)  asked if we wanted to be seated right away or sit at the bar and wait for a "really good seat." We decided to wait. At the bar they were out of the Chardonnay I ordered but the wine the manager recommended was good so I didn't have any problems with that. 

After 15-20 minutes our seat became available and it was nice so we felt it was worth waiting for. The bread they served was warm and fresh,  and the herbed butter was excellent.

I ordered  the "Zebra Signature Angel Hair Basket with Beef Tenderloin, Lobster, Shrimp, Scallops, Haricots Verts and Baby Carrots, Veal Glace and Tarragon Beurre Butter."  I guess I expected the pasta to be edible, but it really was not. The noodles were hard and they kept breaking all over the plate so I couldn't really get a bite without hard noodle in it. I am sure they were cooked in some fashion to form the basket, but they did not taste good. I am all for presentation unless it detracts from the taste of the meal, which in this case it did. I asked the server if you were suppose to eat the noodles and he said some people do and sort of nervously laughed and walked away. 

For a  $44 entree I was also really surprised at the lack of seafood (2  fairly small scallops, 2 small shrimp, and one piece of lobster about the size of half-dollar). If this dish were $25-30 I would have felt it was worth it. My tenderloin had a TON of black pepper on it, so much that I coughed after my first bite and would have sent it back if I were not able to scrape it off.  My steak was cooked perfectly and with less pepper it was good. 

Finally, we decided on the soufflé of the day ( keep in mind it takes about 20 min to prepare). Our server told us it was vanilla bean but it tasted a lot like creamsicle, it was ok.  

Service: The manager was very friendly and did a great job, but our server wasn't very good. He left drinks unfilled for most of the dinner, and just wasn't very present throughout the meal. 

What saved Zebra a bit was the fact that we had a Google deal so it was not quite as expensive as it would have been otherwise, that being said I am not sure I would visit again. I've had much better high-end dining experiences in Charlotte.
