AyEtowSGi9vx0-xFfrgjWw 3.5-4 Stars for Pastry
2 Stars for Service

Before my trip to Vegas, I made sure to bookmark Payard Patisserie.  

Francois Payard, famous pastry and chocolate Chef from France.  His only West Coast Patisserie and Bistro is here at Caesars Palace. 

Set right in the Casino near the restaurants and the Apian Way shops, I was so excited when I finally saw the big glowing "Payard" sign! I had died and gone to pastry heaven! 

Upon entering you notice the beautifully arranged and fully stocked truffle and chocolate counter.  Further walking in, my eyes finally laid on the pastry counter.  Just as the chocolate was fully stocked, so were the pastries.  Now this is exactly how to sell a product. No matter what time of day, even in late afternoon to evening when pastires are usually sold out, Payard continously restocked sweets to entice folks like me. 
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/AyEtowSGi9vx0-xFfrgjWw?select=ePEZJsHZKfJKax4YMRQ_hw

I didn't know where to start.  But here's the damage:
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/AyEtowSGi9vx0-xFfrgjWw?select=3Lizm46K61CJAm4AREr_1Q

* Banana Creme Tart:  The custard on the was flavorful and fluffy. There was a nice subtle banana flavor throughout, but minimal sliced banana's in the tart.  Overall, you get banana flavored custard. 
* Fruit Tart:  I'm a fruit tart lover.  A must for me when I go to a bakery.  The fruit tarts here at Payard were prepared beautifically with a good variety of fruits on top...but the crust on the top was too soft, and broke apart very easily.  I like to eat my tarts with my hands, so it was quite diffcult to do so with this kind of crust.  
* Apple Tatin:  Refreshing dessert with whole apple slices in the middle.  Texture was a bit too jellow-y in my opinion but caramelized perfectly on the exterior. 
* Lemon Tart:  Skip.  Way too lemon-y to where the sour flavor over powered everything else in each bite.  Also way too sweet to where one bite ruined my palate, you can even feel some of the sugar crystals left over in the glaze. *yuck* 

Payard Patisserie also has a crepe counter and a delicious display of Gelato's as well.  Holy moly!  I also ordered myself a cup of the Mango flavor.  I like my gelato icy and they did an awesome job here.  The mango flavor was powerful and refreshing.  
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/AyEtowSGi9vx0-xFfrgjWw?select=fQu-0yoC5jj0Hw7RTcVq3g

While the desserts weren't bad here, it's the prices that were a bit painful.  Each pastry was $7.00 each, and a regular cup of the gelato was $5.00.  

The staff here at the bakery are also very incompetent and unfriendly.  It wasn't even busy when I visited, and yet they still don't have the energy to ask if I needed help.  Apparently there is only one line to order for all three different counters.  They neglect to inform you of this one line, so I'm left standing the other counters waiting for service like an idiot.  

Overall, Payard Patisserie does a great job in terms of presentation, nothing particularily stood out for me, as certain items had too much overbearing flavor, or not enough.  They failed to balance sweet and savory in my opinion.  

Will I be back?  Maybe...but please hire more informative and helpful staff.
