AyEtowSGi9vx0-xFfrgjWw This is my first Yelp review, so be gentle.

My friend and I visited Payard Patisserie & Bistro during Restaurant Week. First off, location: It's located in the depths of Caesars Palace across from the escalators leading up to the conference halls. As a local who's only familiar with the layout of the Forum Shops, it took a while trying to find this place.

The setup of the restaurant is unusual, and I didn't enjoy its claustrophobic atmosphere. Payard has a rather small dining area with seats and booths. Its cooking station is right in the middle of the dining room.

My friend and I ordered the following items from Payard's Restaurant Week Menu:

APPETIZERS
- Artichoke dip with pita chips
- Shrimp Panzanella

MAIN COURSE
- Pan Seared Mediterranean Sea Bass served with Creamy Polenta Cake & Mango Relish

DESSERTS
- Vienne
- Pont Neuf

DRINKS:
White wine 

I ordered the shrimp panzanella and my friend ordered the artichoke dip with pita chips. I was disappointed with my appetizer which consisted of two large lightly garlic breaded fried shrimp -- they were the best part -- that were placed upon a wilted bed of chopped romaine lettuce. Beneath the shrimp and lettuce was a slice of slightly charred toast. The dish was garnished with two reddish-brown grape tomatoes. My friend said her artichoke dip was good and wasn't as salty as artichoke dips you'd order at a restaurant chain.

The main course tasted better than my appetizer.  The flavorful pan seared sea bass was placed upon a polenta cake -- unlike the description, it wasn't "creamy." Reminded me more of stale cornbread. The mango relish could have been omitted. It was too watery and the bits of mango weren't sweet.

Dessert was the highlight of our dining experience. I ordered the Vienne and my friend ordered the Pont Neuf. The Pont Neuf is essentially a rich chocolate cake. My friend noted how she could barely finish the cake because of its rich flavor. I ordered the Vienne because its description reminds me of something slightly similar to a Viennese Sachertorte. The Vienne was sweet and chocolatey, but I didn't taste the orange marmalade and caramel as was described on the menu.

Overall, I wasn't impressed with my dining experience. Considering the presentation and taste of the food. I don't think I would visit this place again and pay full price for a meal.
