0q_BHpxbikVtPRRLRu-U0g As worried as I was that this place would turn out to be an overpriced tourist trap, I was pretty impressed with Picasso. The service was outstanding, the decor and ambiance were great, the view/location was nice. It's expensive but really not much if any more than a comparable meal/experience in a place like NYC or LA. I have to shave off one star because my first two courses were really subpar. Luckily, the main and the dessert were home runs, which, along with the stellar service, really saved the night. 

I went with the prix fixe menu, here were my choices:

First: Warm quail salad
Second: Ruby red shrimp
Main: Fallow deer medallions 
Dessert: Hazelnut joconde 

The first thing that came out was the amuse buche of pheasant fritter and some sort of cold potato soup. The fritter was ok, a little salty and greasy, but the cold soup tasted like plain cream to me, maybe with a little garlic. My amuse was far from buched. I hoped it wasn't a sign of things to come.

The quail salad came next, and I thought it was just alright. Some portions were too gummy and greasy for me, so I didn't finish it. The crispy parts were awesome. 

When I got the shrimp, I really started to worry. Although the accompanying flavors/textures were great, the shrimp themselves did not taste fresh to me at all. It was at this point that I was really starting to regret my decision to even come here.

Luckily, my entree was the beginning of a complete 180 for the night. The meat was cooked perfectly and was seasoned just right. All the flavors meshed well, and I devoured the whole thing. 

Dessert started with another amuse buche, and this time it was excellent. 5 mini desserts from the pastry chef. By the time I finished sampling these, I was completely full, but I wasn't going to that stop me. The Hazelnut joconde--which, for some reason, was very very different from what was described on the menu--was amazing. Rich, chocolaty, nutty and beautiful to look at, it was everything you could hope for in a dessert--nay, in life. A couple pours of coffee offset the sweetness just right. Despite my best efforts, there was no way I could finish. I was just too stuffed. The (figurative) icing on top of the night was the farewell accompanied by two mini chocolate chip muffins for the morning.

So, would I come back? Probably not. Although I had an overall good experience, two courses that miss the mark is two too many at this price point.
