AyEtowSGi9vx0-xFfrgjWw I've lived in France and eaten more than a few times at 3 star Michelin rated restaurants - like Auberge de L'ill, Le Meurice, Le Pré Catelan and the like - so I think I can recognize an outstanding meal when I eat it. I've also eaten at the Payard Bistro a few times, and to me, the experience was comparable. Not that this is an experience in creative and daring culinary cuisine. Payard - to me - is all about recreating classic dishes at their very best. That's not an easy feat for a tiny establishment, mainly catering to a brunch and lunch fare ranging from eggs to soups, salads and sandwiches. 

But I don't care if half the French food I crave isn't available here (though I would die for a truly classic "Les Halles" French Onion Soup) - the eggs benedict have that perfect hollandaise, and adding Lobster doesn't diminish the "purity" of the dish either. The Croques Monsieur almost brings me to nostalgic tears (but why isn't Madame on the menu too?)

I've never had Quiche Lorraine this good in the USA (everyone is welcome to tell me where I haven't gone and what I've been missing out on) The Niçoise Salad (What? - Americans can't understand the French description of "Salade Niçoise"?) was the only slight disappointment. It was delicious, but not fully reminiscent of the classic dish I'm used to having in France.

Next time I'll try the Onion Tart, and/or maybe a Tomato & Buffalo Mozzarella Panini - I'm looking forward to this chef's "Frenchification" of that Italian classic.

Each visit has been with a different friend - none of whom have been to France or have that haughty snooty attitude which comes from loving the French's haughty snooty attitudes - and all have gone wild - non stop, not shutting up about the enjoyment over the food. So I'm guessing most will love this place.

Located just in from Caesar's Palace main entrance this intimate and cozy bistro has impeccable service. Unless you finish your cup of coffee in one go - I defy you to be able to drain it any other way. Have moola - can eat here - the prices aren't cheap.
