AyEtowSGi9vx0-xFfrgjWw I've had Payard on my list for some time, so Fall Restaurant Week was a great opportunity to visit. Lunch was just $30.14 for three courses plus wine (I can't remember the red choice, but the white was Ferrari-Carano Chardonnay).

The space for dining is very small, so it's a good idea to make a reservation (via OpenTable). The setting is elegant, but casual. It's a great spot to meet friends for a nice brunch. Service was fantastic as well!

Lobster Eggs Benedict on Croissant ($23): I've heard great things about Payard's eggs benedict, so I had to order it. Plus, it's the only menu I've seen that serves lobster on your benny. A buttery, flaky, amazingly delicious croissant is split open to make way for a pile of lobster meat (tail, claws, etc), two perfectly poached eggs, and creamy hollandaise. It's heavenly. Everything was good, but that croissant - whoa!

RW MENU

Tomato Tartine with Shrimp: Diced tomato salad with basil shrimp on a puff pastry. This was seriously the BEST tartine I've had. I mean, a tartine could be anything thrown on top of bread, but that's just it - the delicious puff pastry is what made this dish! The pastry was fantastic and the shrimp was tender and flavorful. Why isn't this on the regular menu?!

Fish of the Day: Barramundi with eggplant ratatouille and romesco sauce. I didn't really care for the barramundi - it's a tougher fish and there wasn't enough flavor in the ratatouille or sauce to balance its mildness.

Black Angus Beef Burger: Peppercorn sauce with kettle chips and mixed green salad. The burger was prepared medium rare and so juicy! The peppercorn sauce was a nice addition as well. 

The server presented eight of their beautiful pastries at the end of our meal for us to choose. I didn't have the RW prie fixe and I still got dessert! How lovely. They have many more pastries that wasn't presented, so there was a list as well and we were more than welcome to choose something that wasn't shown.

Sicilian: Madeleine sponge cake filled with cream cheese mousse, cranberry jam, dusted with ground Sicilian pistachio, and topped with a cream cheese crumble. This was not as good as it sounded or looked. The cake was nice, but the jam was solid and difficult to cut. Not sure if it was supposed to be like that or we had a fluke, but it was blah.

Louvre: Chocolate mousse, hazelnut mousse, and hazelnut dacquoise. I've heard ravings about this pastry, so I knew I had to try it. Yummmm. Creamy and decadent. Really lovely.

Lemon Tart: Lemon curd, almond cream, raspberry, and almond crust. I love lemon everything. The crust was fantastic and I liked the fillling as well. I personally prefer more cream than curd, but it was still delicious.

We went to check out the counter after our meal and I made a couple of pastry selections to take home. I was also obsessed with the Garlic Rolls served with our brunch, so I bought five to take home as well. It's not ususally offered for purchase and I needed to request it with the manager (It was 5 for $4.25). I got a regular Croissant and an Almond Croissant ($4.25/each). Their croissants are so flaky and delicious. The almond croissant was amazing! I would definitely stop by just for an almond croissant to go. Oh, and don't forget the clock tower that dispenses chocolate truffles in adorable little Payard boxes every 15 minutes. The lady at the confections counter was so nice - she gave us three truffles (there were three of us) so we didn't need to wait!
