AyEtowSGi9vx0-xFfrgjWw From the food to the desserts and chocolates, the service, and the atmosphere, Payard was as perfect as it can get. I had my doubts about the food, I mean technically he isn't known for the food, but I was very very happily surprised!!! Such a perfect little place in that isn't crowded and is just so pleasant to eat at.

The service we had here was pretty darn good, the hostess, server and chef are all within sight and work very well together. The hostess is perfectly mannered and checks to make sure you are having a good time. The server is very friendly and does her job well. And the chef, is smack in the center of the place cooking up delicious food for its patrons.

The decor? Preps you for dessert! Everything just reminds you of chocolate chocolate chocolate! Mostly dark brown hues complemented by lighter beige. The room itself is a big circle with the chef in the middle and the table laid out on the edges. There is a crazy swirly cream booth that runs the outside edge of the room that is plush and high backed. The light fixtures look like chocolate swirls with elongated glass ornaments hanging from them.

And the food...so yummyy....

Croque Madame
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/AyEtowSGi9vx0-xFfrgjWw?select=oe-RMp8C3ZPUiFM3lrOlcg
The best one I've ever ever had! Not just even slightly better, 10 times better than all the other ones! The bread was toasted to perfection, somehow they worked it so that it was flaky on the edges (perhaps some toasted cheese). Everything worked really well together from the egg in the middle to the cheese they melted on top and then of course the super toasty bread that I just loved. There was salad on the side too.

Eggs Benedict served on a croissant
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/AyEtowSGi9vx0-xFfrgjWw?select=VTDmXd1AdVBLlo31ow1Uyg
When they first put the plate in front of me, my first thought was that they had over toasted the croissant! But then, as I dug into the rich hollandaise sauce with the perfectly poached egg I understood why. They definitely were not light with the sauce and combined with the egg, it needed the crunchy toasted croissant to offset some of that richness. Plus if it wasn't toasted enough it would've become just a very smushy croissant instead. So delicious...but so rich. Order this...but make sure to switch plates halfway as the amount of egg yolk and butter will put you in a food coma for the rest of the day.

Macarons
I was a bit disappointed that these were already packaged up and not sold individually, but oh well. Yummy nonetheless. These were made with the cookie being very light and the jam not extremely sticky. Neither was it chewy, just melt in your mouth. So light that if you bit into one, the whole thing didn't just crumble away but held together. The flavors they had in the 5 pack I believe were chocolate, coffee, strawberry, raisin, and lemon. All very good with the flavors being very natural and non artificial tasting.

Chocolates
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/AyEtowSGi9vx0-xFfrgjWw?select=rZzpS1tBcGFBPYyn-kDy1Q
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/AyEtowSGi9vx0-xFfrgjWw?select=KbVL57qZsa1QgwWobJfT7w
Had to try these of course right? He is known for this stuff...and rightly so. The chocolate shell is made so that when you bite into each piece it doesn't just crack away but goes with the filling. And each piece had so much clear flavor for such little bites. My faves were the rocher noir and the truffles.The rocher noir was dark chocolate and wafers. Oof...I could eat a whole bag of these, very very addicting. Light and fluffy yet crunchy at the same time. The truffles...melt melt in your mouth!!!

I'm definitely coming back here next time I'm in Vegas. Oh...don't forget to check out the macaron tree in the front display too!
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/AyEtowSGi9vx0-xFfrgjWw?select=3gNuupNE4bC3Ey8P_y8mvg
