b3wgQ6CccBO8fgvlbS0M1Q Worked a block away so figured I'd walk over and check it out. 

Test time: Lunch rush - 12pm

5 tables being served ranging from 2-4 people each table. Not too busy. You seat yourself so I sat alone at the bar. 

Owner/host was friendly and took my order immediately. Ordered soup of the day: French Onion (seemed fitting) and 1/2 Turkey Panini ($9 combo), along with a French pink lemonade 'soda' ($4). I sat for what seemed like a good 10 minutes before I even saw my soup, which came out with my sandwich.

Soup was large, but sadly was very bland. Almost thought they used mozzarela instead of swiss on top (it seemed too 'rubbery' for Swiss)... when I got a good mouthful I could tell it was Swiss, but it was just a little chunck melted in the middle of the bowl instead of covering it (which is what I'm used to). A little (or a lot) of salt improved the taste of the soup. Panini was good, but nothing super special. I had to dip it in the soup b/c the bread was so... Crunchy (i.e. hard).

To go I asked for one chocolate and one almond croissant ($4 each). Almond croissant was chewy (i.e. not fresh). Chocolate croissant was more flakey, so likely was fresher.

$22.17 = one person for lunch & dessert. In this economy, I find it frustrating that they trump up the 'French' aspect to justify overcharging you for something you can essentially get at Paradise Bakery for 1/2 the price.

I hale from Chicago, land of the best food around. Not 10 minutes from my home in the suburbs was an awesome little French bistro (Cocoa Bean) that made the BEST desserts (almond croissants included) I've ever had. Worth every penny and always fresh. About 30 minutes away from my home was a family-style Greek restaurant (Pomagranate) that made the best French Onion soup I'd ever tasted. All be it my standards perhaps are somewhat high. But if you speak with a strong French accent to me when I walk in the door, my expecation is that you'll make great food because that's what I'm paying for.

This is not a place I'll be visiting again or suggesting to anyone else, which is a real pity :(
