0q_BHpxbikVtPRRLRu-U0g Prelims: cue music  "Also sprach Zarathustra (Strauss)". You head into Bellagio. Go right and follow the wall until you see a set of stairs. Descend said stairs. Head left. Enter elegantly into a dimly but still well-lit restaurant, Cue service - servers pull out your chairs, constantly, but politely and subtly ask you if you want anything else, replace your napkins with a freshly folded one when you leave for the bathroom, a sommelier for your wines, etc. It was utterly beautiful. We sat right next to the window and were able to watch the beautiful light show throughout our dinner. The art collection truly made the restaurant, with beautiful Picasso painting scattered throughout. The bathrooms were superb - clean, well-lit, lots of towels all carefully rolled up, wonderfully smelling soap and lotion. Just going there is an experience; the food makes it utterly unforgettable. 

Our meals comprised of both pre-set menus - there was the prix fixe menu (which I got) and she got the menu degustation. The MD has 1 more plate than the prix fixe; my wife got the scallop, foie gras, filet mignon, and dessert. My meal was warm quail salad, foie gras au torchon, roasted veal chop, and dessert. As we aren't selfish with each other re: delicious food, we got to try each other's dishes and it was utterly heavenly. The scallop was crispy and tender, with that nice umami sear contrasting with the light  texture of the scallop. She didn't like my foie gras as much as it was served cold and almost as a butter consistency; I thought it was wonderful. Her filet was juicy and meaty and glorious while my veal was unbelievably tender. The dessert were nice little homemade truffle looking things; as compliments of the chef, he wrote "Congratulations" because we had called head to reserve a table and said it was our honeymoon. Awesome job chef! He also gave us a nice soup beforehand and the bread (mine was olive studded and hers was French) was excellent, soft on the inside and crunchy on the outside. My dessert was the peach and hers was the shortcake.

We got 2 sets of libations on the recommendation of the sommelier - I have no recollection what they were, but mine was a dessert wine and it was one of the cheapest. Nevertheless, it was excellent, full-bodied with lots of delicious chocolate and roasted notes and a sweet finish. I would recommend it many times over. My wife got a nice white wine and I have no idea b/c I was too busy watching the fountain show that had just started. 

I'm not one to fuss over presentation - I would rather have delicious food that looked terrible than terrible food that was a feast for the eyes. But the meals here were elegant, classy, and very well made. Sophistication seems to come to mind as an apt description and it was wonderful treat not just for the belly but for the eyes as well. 

All in all, this was one of the best meals that I have ever eaten. Well worth the price and well deserved of the Michelin starts. Fantastic job by the chefs and when I save up again, I'll be back. But that might be a while because you pay for what you eat. 

TL;DR Awesome awesome awesome awesome food. And service. And art. And everything else.
