B56AYe5GNuavMDtwFsXqzA On a whim on a late thursday and after a hardcore session of dance central which further aggravated my sick state (a cold and horrible sore throat), I asked a friend to join me on a late evening jaunt to try out the Petite Maison. I remember reading somewhere whether it was on Chow Bella or from a yelper that Petite Maison hosts what they call staff meals. A staff meal is their late night menu that permits their chef or visiting chef to come up with a simple menu that showcases simplicity and deliciousness. The late night menu offered never changes but there are 3 items on the side bar of the late night menu, which is the staff meal that changes and can be found out the day of if you follow PetiteMaisonAZ on twitter. 

Anywho, I saw on twitter what was gonna be served thurs. night, it was Oaxaca style dogs, Pork Verde enchiladas and the red cup was "Spring Fever". My dinner partner and myself were game, so we drove over and came upon one of the cutest establishments Phoenix/Scottsdale has to offer, it's so quaint and I love the patio and the indoor bar set up. Walking through the hedges transports you to a different world away. Anywho, we got to choose where to sit and were excited to try the staff meal. I ordered the Oaxaca Style dogs with the jalapeño potato side and my friend D got the Pork Verde Enchiladas and we share the Pomme Frites with the malt vinegar aoli. 

The Oaxaca Style dogs hit the spot with me, there were two large dogs that were served with a goat cheese, jalapeno peppers, and spicy bbq bean type sauce, in a sense simply DELICIOUS. and the potato salad complemented the meal since as D mentioned, provides a contrast with the hot and cold of the plate. The enchiladas were lacking a spicy kick, although good this lack of spice made the dish not as yummy as it should have been. And the pomme frites, for a $5 portion it was quite good, albeit a tad too crispy for my liking and the aoli is something that I would order again. Overall our staff meal was enjoyable and Petite Maison will be one of the restaurants to go to if we're craving something late night, and plus none of the staff meal entrees are over $10 so it's totally worth it. Beats diner food, oh and staff meals run on thurs, fri. and sat. nights from 10p to midnight.
