B56AYe5GNuavMDtwFsXqzA Wow.

The latest of my Food Adventures happened at Petite Maison, and I could not have been happier. We made a reservation, but frankly, we are more the "belly up" type.  So, if you are the same, please know that the bar offers full service.

Where do I start?  Let's start with Vincent, our friendly and knowledgeable bartender.  He gave us food and wine tips, and pretty much guided our food
journey.  He was fantastic.

As for the food - my spousal unit is a fan of cheese, while I am not.  So he noshed on the cheese plate and seemed very impressed.  I had a taste of the quince jam and an olive, but I was waiting for the warm stuff!

We started with the Bone Marrow (!!!) and the Foie Gras (!!!).  They were fantastic!  I had never had either, so I admit to being nervous about the Foie Gras - liver is not a "go-to" in my eating staples.  But man, the bone marrow was rich and decadent and delish. A swoop of it with a spoon and bite of crostini was marvelous.  The Foie Gras would make Frasier and Niles Crane lose their minds.  Beautifully seared with peach and this adorable little donut, this is a wonderful dish. I probably won't have Foie Gras anywhere else, cause I think they set the bar quite high.

For our entrees, I wanted to try the lamb, but the cheese plate slowed down my eating partner. (Please let the lamb know it is not safe from me!) We shared the Scallops with Lobster Risotto, and it was lucky we did. I knew I wanted chocolate souffle, so putting the brakes on was a good idea.  We each got a ginormous scallop and perfectly cooked risotto. I would have it the next time I go there, but my plan is to get through that entire menu!

And lastly, we had the chocolate souffle with a vanilla cream sauce. Please imagine all menu items in French.  I had to put them into terms I understand.  :)  Just gorgeous.  The french press of coffee was so strong and smooth and a great accompaniment.

Forgot to mention the wine.  If you like a nice, non-oaky, non-Californian white, try the JM Boillet Chardonnay from the Bourgnon region.  If I have spelled that correctly, please email me gold stars in care of Yelp. 

This is - at least for me - a "occasion" restaurant.  Somewhere you will want to go, but is out of your regular dining budget.  Having said that, I plan to make a little extra room in my budget.
