B56AYe5GNuavMDtwFsXqzA I'm so very sad about the review I have to write about this place.  I was so excited to go to Petite Maison.  I had gone to the Yelp event at the Science Center and was absolutely floored by how delicious the beef tongue with bone marrow au ju was at PM.  I immediately made a reservation for the following week to go to the real deal.  

We had a reservation for six people at 7pm.  We all arrived and were seated outside, which was fine since it was a beautiful night.  However, it took forever for our waiter to come acknowledge us.  Finally after about 10 minutes, he comes over and takes our drink orders and recommend some specials.  We ordered the mussels and scallops as appetizers and ordered our entrees.  Four of us wanted the duck breast, but they only had three left, so one of our friends ordered the pork tenderloin.  About ten minutes later he brings us some bread (almost like eggy popovers, very good), but he only brought out five, so we asked for one more since not all of us got to try it.  After about another 10 minutes, he does--by this time we all need a refill on our drinks but get no attention.

We get our appetizers finally, and they are pretty good.  The mussels are cooked perfectly with a nice light broth and the scallops are in a creamy white sauce.  Fast forward another 30 minutes and we finally get our main entrees.   The steak frites was eh.  Left much to be desired.  The steak was slightly tough and mostly flavorless and the frites were limp.  The duck breast (times three) was good, cooked just right, but the risotto was surrounded by a lake of broth which made it too soupy for some of us.  The pork tenderloin was on the dry side and not that great.  The last was the salmon which was "interesting".  It was an odd combination of flavors which didn't make it bad, but wasn't out of this world.  Half way through out entrees we flagged our waiter down (since he never came over to see how we liked our food), and ordered dessert--the souffle requires 15 minutes--turns out it was more like 30 minutes.

Finally around 10pm we got our dessert, two souffles and french two cream puffs.  They were good-but after having to wait basically an hour between the appetizer, entree and dessert, I was just looking forward to getting out of there.  We basically had to wave our hands in the air constantly to get anyone to come over to get anything.  What made it worse was that since we were a party of 6, we had 21% gratuity automatically added.  I can't help but wonder if that's why they chose to ignore us all night.

I hope others have better experiences here.
