B56AYe5GNuavMDtwFsXqzA Now that I've dined here twice... I'm gonna hold Petite Maison at 4 stars. 

Monday night, 7:30 - my reservation got my party of 2 the last table in the place. (Whew. it's so small in there.) The service was fantastic, although it's so odd to go to a full restaurant and be given so much time to have a leisurely meal... especially when they're full. For example, after the hostess sat us and gave us our menus, about 2 minutes later the waiter came by and after doing his introductory speech, said he would give us a few more minutes to become familiar with the menu... lol... I was ready to give my drink order, but okay! We also had to request the bill. I am pretty sure they would have let us linger with our coffee for a full hour if we'd wanted to :O   Really weird not to be rushed out! 

Oh, onto the food! The most important part! 
My friend ordered the escargot, which, since i'm very "meh" on escargot, I can't tell you if they were good or not even though I had two of them at my friend's prompting. She also had the trout almondine  - omg fantastic, I'd order it next time. Whatever dressing they had the salad greens and green beans in, was incredible, and I don't even care for green beans, but YUM... I ordered the house salad and the foie gras. The foie gras was very good, certainly the rarest I've ever had it served. I'm not sure how I feel about the accoutrements - the vinegary accent sauce, the pickled grapes, the roasted apples, on top of a (I felt, a little burned) piece of brioche. I've had better combinations with foie gras, to be honest. But it was still good enough that I ate the whole thing. The salad was also good, I really enjoyed the roasted shallot vineagrette, but to be honest it felt like the salad was missing something... not perfectly seasoned, to my tastes, I think it needed a little salt. :( 

The chocolate creme brulee was also my friend's choice (I'd have tried the souffle if it had been up to me!). The creme brulee was good - even great - but I'm a traditionalist, and while delicious, I prefer non-chocolated-up brulees :) PS - Do not attempt to eat the candied orange garnish on top of the creme brulee. LOL 

All in all, despite a few very minor concerns about my meal, I'll be back. The bottom line is, the price is right (It's amazing how cheap we got outta there, really), the service is fantastic, the atmosphere is cute and cozy, and the food is pretty great. Solid 4 stars. Next time, I'm thinking that flat iron steak.
