B56AYe5GNuavMDtwFsXqzA Made a pitstop in Scottsdale on the way to the Grand Canyon and found this little (and I mean little and cute) spot in the review. The restaurant is very 'French cottage'-like and romantic. It was a blazing 90 degrees outside but we had to sit out there in there outdoor dining area because of our pooch. (good for all you Yelpers trying to find dog friendly spots). Everyone sat inside because of the AC so we had the private front garden area to ourselves with the water misters on, quite romantic.

Their menu is petite as their menu and establishment suggests. They have an impressive list of imported French wines (had the pinot noir by the glass with our meat dishes). As for food...

Escargot: They came out with 6 pieces doused in a herb butter and brioche bread. The flavoring was decent but I accidentally burned the roof of my mouth because they were scorching hot...so be careful

Lamb: I had the lamb cooked medium rare as good lamb should be, however, the meat was TOO chewy. But besides the bad cut of meat, the flavoring of the fennel, mashed potatoes, and the sauce of the lamb was all delicious.

Boeuf Short Ribs: The short ribs were perfectly braised and nice and tender. The cheese polenta pie that came with it paired with the meat perfectly. I almost liked the polenta more than short ribs. haha! If this dish had a little more sauce and flavoring for the meat...the dish would be even that much more fulfilling.

Souffle: This was the BEST dish we had of the entire dinner and I'm not much of a sweets person so that says plenty. The souffle was nice and crispy on the outside. The texture was between a spongecake and a pudding/flan consistency. The flavor was the most memorable aspect of the dessert. It was lightly zesty (lemon?) and had a HUGE vanilla flavor. The sweetness of the dessert was just perfect...I couldn't ask for anything better for dessert. Be sure to order this in advance since it takes awhile for them to prepare it.

Overall, cute, romantic, and 'petite' restaurant for your French/modern cravings. Look for their huge French wine list and BE SURE to get the souffle!
