B5B0G6Yy_LDymFH7_ZNvyA "Sis! Happy birthday!"
"Bro, my birthday was in June."
"I know. I'm taking you to Petit Paris. Woah, look at this city, it's PERFORMING! What's THAT building? And that one?"

This was the exchange that occurred when my excellent brother stepped off the train at the beginning of his visit last month.

Now then. There are two reasons that Petit Paris was the first place that sprang to my brother's mind when he wanted to take me out for a meal in a city he'd only actually visited once before. The first is that he didn't really know anywhere else. The second is that he was genuinely impressed with it when he came to Edinburgh last and he doesn't like to give shoddy presents; he's good that way.

Well, I see why he was impressed. The waiter who took our coats and saw us to our seats (table complete with cute gingham tablecloth) was cheery and warm, and plenty patient as we ummed and ahhed over the delicious-looking menu. We began with snails to share - yes, folks, I do the snail thing, and if you have not done the snail thing, Petit Paris is probably the place to do the snail thing. Rich in a garlic and parsley sauce, and blissfully un-chewy, they nestled in indentations in the special snail-dish like happy little blobs of buttery snaily joy. That dish, by the way, makes the process great fun and also, when you're sharing as we were, easy to ensure equitable division of the very good goods.

(I like to imagine that I am a hedgehog when I do the snail thing. That's just an irrelevant little side note for your entertainment.)

My main was the goat's cheese and vegetable pie - utter bliss. The number of times things get passed off as pies when they're really just tarts is so disappointing. The difference, of course, is that a pie should have pastry on the top. This, to my delight, did, and the pastry was superb. Likewise the filling; the goat's cheese was liberal although it could have perhaps been more evenly distributed as it took me a couple of forkfuls to find it, hiding as it was under its pastry blanket. Bro was less ecstatic about his rabbit, proclaiming it a little stringy, but generally adequate.

Having ordered, in a moment's forgetfulness, a bottle of wine instead of a glass, Bro must have been happy enough with its quality; it was all gone by the time we left and as anyone who reads my reviews regularly will know, Sis was by no means his glamorous assistant in this vanishing act.

It's not the cheapest place to eat in Edinburgh, but at around £20 for a starter and main it's very reasonable indeed, especially given the undeniable quality.
