bEVWHtBRYVwqaaNF4mWNYg I am a new fan of Coquine Restaurant. I went there first for my birthday. It was quite full on a Sunday night. We were greeted promptly at the door, and our waiter arrived very shortly after we sat down. He was very patient (I was with family whose first language is not English) and accommodating. 

We shared the roasted beet salad (Salade de Betteraves Rôties) as well as the Salade de Roquette. The beet salad had a very nice balance of the sweetness of beets, earthiness of potatoes, the acidity of the vinaigrette, and crunch of the candied walnuts. The Roquette salad had a good amount of delicious parmesan breaded oyster mushrooms (I am generally not a fan but I really enjoyed those) that had an almost meaty texture. The parmesan on top was also a nice touch. 

For mains, we had the Steak Frites, duck duo (Le Duo de Canard), lamb shank (Jarret d'Agneau) and wild mushroom ravioli (Ravioli aux Champignons Sauvages). The steak was perfectly cooked to a medium, as we requested. It was tender, juicy, perfectly seasoned and the butter on top was a very good addition. The parmesan fries were also delicious. Crunchy yet not overcooked or overseasoned with the parmesan.

The duck duo was extremely well executed as well. The duck was a nice medium, very tender, beautifully seasoned and was well paired with the croquette. I did not try the lamb but it was fall off the bone, I was told it was also delicious and tender. The ravioli were a perfect al dente and the filling went well with the sauce on top. A beautiful meal overall.

The second time I came back to explore more of the menu. We ordered the french onion soup and Foie Gras du Jour. The onion soup was covered in a thick gooey layer of cheese, overflowing over the dish. It was a classic well executed dish. The foie gras was a wonderful medium rare, seared beautifully on top and melting in your mouth. It was perched on top of a thin bacon wrapped terrine that was a great contrast of saltiness to the french toast-like seared brioche on the bottom. It was served with a small drop of berry compote. The one thing I yearned for was a bit more acidity, as the compote was quite sweet as well and the entire dish was rich on top of rich on top of rich. It was still a wonderful dish.

For dessert, we ordered the warm flourless chocolate torte and the vanilla creme brulee. The torte was one of the richest chocolate flavours I've had, and gooey in the middle. It was not overly sweet, which was very pleasing. The creme brulee was rich yet very light tasting. It was a good serving size as well and on the bottom you could see vanilla bean grains. We also ordered cappuccinos, which had a rich thick layer of foam, and a good milk to foam ratio. 

I would definitely recommend Coquine if you are looking for a more upscale, rich and well executed dinner.

Be aware that it can get quite loud in there, I guess because of the acoustics in the building. Also, after 7 or so, there is live music which can also be quite loud. It's a good thing it's situated in the bar area, which is somewhat to the side. Not the quietest place to dine, but the atmosphere is good overall. Our waiter was very prompt, not too overbearing and knowledgeable about the menu. I will certainly be coming back there again. Lots to try!
