0q_BHpxbikVtPRRLRu-U0g Wow, I am sorely disappointed with this restaurant. Not one good entree was eaten here. All mediocre to downright terrible. Even the bread sucked, tasted like a doughy dry mess from Costco or something. I could barely stomach it. I ordered the vegetarian menu and it blew. First of all, every dish had something fried in it that didn't belong in there. The heirloom tomato salad had this giant oily, over-fried mess they called a crouton baguette. Omg, I get this giant oily mess swimming in a shallow layer of tomato sauce that tasted like Ragu but was supposed to be gazpacho. Seriously? Then I have the sauteed fava beans in pea puree. Not bad, actually and truly on par with your top most favorite baby foods. And thrown in were these fried cauliflowers that really added nothing special to my baby food. Then came the butternut squash ravioli which were completely dried out and filled with downright butternut squash and nothing else. It was the blandest most dried out pasta I have ever eaten. No brown butter or sage to speak of. I mean, what the hell? The vegetable ragout was awful with these huge bland watery beets that tasted boiled or oversteamed, and was swimming in sauce that tasted like ragu yet again! (boy, this must be Chef Serrano's favorite go-to brand!) Other standouts for worst dish ever was the dessert, the hazelnut joconde. Dear god, I've never had such a dry cake in my life. It was layers of sawdust in between decent chocolate mousse. And it was served dead cold. I felt like I got one of those cakes from the frozen aisle but no one bothered to defrost it at all. My husband's degustation menu wasn't any better and I will spare you the details but it was equally unremarkable to downright bad. The main lobster salad was bland. The scallop was decent.  He said his foie gras was overcooked at the edges but the middle was edible. The loin of colorado lamb was overcooked - he asked for medium rare and got medium-well. And it was a tiny piece of meat too - how do you get this wrong???  His Chai Tea Poached Pear was actually pretty good. The ice cream wasn't overpowering and the poached pears were delicious. But for spending over $300, I feel robbed. I feel like I gambled and lost big time playing with the food roulette wheel of Vegas. Chef Serrano was either asleep or not there when we dined. Thanks for making me feel like you stole my money.
