bMiyGPaMqF0svjseW1UR_g My boyfriend and I hopped across the border to grab some dinner. Little did we know, it would be nothing short of amazing! The service was fantastic. We were a little nervous that we don't speak French, but as soon as we said, "Hello" they catered to our English. The menu has a great array of choices, but not so many you get overwhelmed. Before entering Canada, I said, "We HAVE to get Poutine." The first we ever had was here- the duck option- and it was to-die-for. A-Mazing. 
We also got the fried calamari- it was the smoothest calamari we've had. I usually don't like to order it because it's most often rubbery, but this was really really fantastic. I ordered a burger, which was pretty good. The only thing that was odd was that I wasn't asked how I want it cooked. Now thinking back, I'm not sure if it was one of those frozen patties, you know? So that's where the one star is deducted. Also, the fries that came with it were SUPER greasy, but it's fries...so what can you do...The salad was super yummy! It made me feel better after having 10000 calories of cheese and gravy and fries haha Anyways, I would totally come here again! 
The bleu cheese was wonderful and fresh (as fresh as cheeses get ;) ) 
The wait time in between was comparable to other French restaurants- we weren't rushed at all and there was ample time to relax. No one shoved all the dishes in our face at once and no one tried to take our plates away without us being visibly finished. 
The check-out process was quite nice too- they bring the card machine to you...not that whole "I'll bring it back and forth while you wait an hour to cash out." 

The strange thing that happened was that they put onions on my burger after I requested no onions. The waiter appologized and said he would replace the burger, but I just simply asked for new cheese. He brought a good serving and then never came back- we were assigned a new waiter. I don't know if this is policy? But either way, everything was completely fine once he brought the cheese! I hope he didn't get into trouble! Poor guy lol
