bMiyGPaMqF0svjseW1UR_g I visited Vallier for brunch mid-April and all I can think to say is disappointing and disorganized. I was expecting better since I've enjoyed my late dining experiences prior to trying it out for brunch. Everything went WRONG on that lovely Sunday morning. You know, the first sunny and not so cold day of the year, the type that makes you want to go outside and walk for hours while you fill up on vitamin D. Well, I spent that day waiting, waiting...and waiting some more for what would probably be the most expensive and bland brunch of my short existence! 

We got there (4 people) and thought: awesome so tables are empty no wait! Boy were we naive and wrong! The hostess said it wouldn't be long, she was clearly busy and shuffling around the restaurant, fine. It went downhill quick from there! She started avoiding eye contact with us as we and people behind us were getting exasperated as half of the restaurant was EMPTY!!!! After 10 minutes, she comes back and apologizes, her kitchen can't take any more orders. She suggests we wait before being seated and waited. We had to literally bargain to at least get seated while we wait. We should have just left then but we were hungry and had paid expensive parking so we stayed. 

We ordered coffee while we wait. We were nicely seated and having a lovely chat so we thought we wouldn't mind waiting and sipping on coffee. Wrong, again! Coffee took 15 minutes to get there and it took us another 5 minutes to flag the waitress down to order. She had to go back to the kitchen and verify if they were capable of taking our order, remember the restaurant is still HALF EMPTY!  We are good to go, finally. We all ordered the same thing, the meat lover. 
The food was okay, nothing great. The toasts were tiny and bland. A few potatoes and fruits, nothing special!  The bacon was revolting! A very think (like 1" think by 1 1/2" wide)greasy slice. The meat part was good but we all literally had to remove the fat since it was inedible. I guess they were going for that old fashioned style but failed. 

Last but not least...the bill. I had the meat lover (basically 2 eggs, toast, bacon, sausage, ham, the regular plate) and a bowl of cafe au lait. With taxes and no tip, I was already forking over $30. 

Never again, not even for that late night. I don't know if they were understaffed or simply disorganized. If they were understaffed, a little warning and explanation when we were in line wild have gone a long way. At least it decreases your expectations and shows some respect for the customers!
