bRmb81XDG3E2SOHARBLTog I ordered the Eggs Florentine With Smoked Salmon on Toasted English Muffin With Two Poached Eggs, Spinach, Smoked Salmon, And Béarnaise Sauce for $13. I know, you are shocked with what I ordered. Yes, that was sarcasm. I tend to always order the same thing for brunch. I was a bit confused when this dish was placed in front of me. Never have I had this combination of sides for brunch. Side of fingerling potatoes, pickled cabbage and baby bok choy. Individually I like these sides, but together, specially with a creamy main, it just did not work. I did not have any inkling that I would be receiving these sides with my main. If I did, I definitely would have gone with fries. I was surprised that I did not like the fingerling potatoes. They just did not taste right. I can't pinpoint exactly what was wrong with them. Inasmuch as I was confused by the sides, I was overall satisfied with my Eggs Florentine. Though, I was thinking the craziest thing when eating my main; it had too much smoked salmon. I know, who thinks that?! There is usually never enough salmon! In this case I did find that the "smoked" aspect of the salmon was overpowering the other elements of the main. Would I order this dish again? Yes, but I would ask for fries as my side.

Angela and I ordered this dish because we wanted to end our meal on a "sweet note." That was a good one eh.  Here you have Fresh Blueberry Buttermilk Pancakes with Berry Compote, Maple Syrup, And Whipped Cream for $10. Since we received all our mains at the same time, I expected this dish not to taste as good because it was sitting there while we attacked our mains. Once we finished our savoury dishes we put them aside and pulled this plate closer to us. I broke off a piece and put it in my mouth expecting it to taste cold and dry because I did not pour a gallon of syrup on them like I usually do with my pancakes. Wrong! Yes, they were no longer hot, but they still tasted fresh. We were specially a fan of the whipped cream. It was nice and thick, and the berry compote was not too heavy or overpowering as I expected it to be. You could hardly taste the maple syrup because of the tanginess and tartness of the berry compote. But this was not a deal breaker. We totally made the right decision to end our meal with these pancakes.
