0q_BHpxbikVtPRRLRu-U0g WOW!!! Picasso is soo amazing! Beautiful art of Picasso on the walls as well as beautiful food art on our plates. This was truly an unforgettable dining experience from beginning to end. 

BF and I had reservations for 6:30 pm since we had tickets for 9 pm to watch Le Reve at The Wynn afterwards. I had requested to sit in the patio but due to the rain with the seats being all wet, they had to close the outdoor experience to us. Aww...such a disappointment on that part. That would have been a BIG bonus. We were seated right away, but too far from the window to watch the water show. Boo! The lady at the front said it takes 3 months in advance to request patio seating but the girl over the phone told me it's first come first serve...hmm, well which one is it? Inquiring minds want to know!

But on with food! We chose the Prix-Fixe menu. It's a four course menu. Funny, they don't put the prices down on the menu though but just know that it means you better have lots of money! Or plan on washing dishes for days! Although, you get what you pay for, worth every penny!

There are lots of different items choose from. While we waited, they kindly served us bread, three to choose from. French bread, raisin bread, and olive bread and Picasso butter to go with it. We chose one of each! Served warm and fresh. 

For starters, I had the Poached Oysters and it had caviar. First time having it. It was wonderful! BF had Warm Quail salad, it was crispy and tender. Very good! I had the Big Eye Tuna Tartare which was good. Haha I'm not gonna lie, I was expecting some fried Wontons to go with it though but I guess the chef didn't think it needed it. 

BF had the Foie Gras. You bite into it and it's like butter! Seriously, that's how the texture is...like butta baby! If that's what you like. Foie gras is supposed to be a delectable food meaning "fatty liver" of a duck. It was quite interesting. But it was good!
 
Main course...I ordered the Roasted Milk-Fed Veal Chop, BF ordered the Roasted Maine Lobster. Funny thing, we both disliked our own dish and favored the other so we of course traded! Like we always do. Next time we should just order for each other. I guess he expected something different from the lobster. I love seafood! I just don't like paying an extra $30 for it, and since he doesn't mind, then I don't feel bad for eating it if he doesn't like it! Haha works both ways and it doesn't end up a waste! He preferred my baby calf. It was too gamey for me, I guess. And I love meat! This was my second time trying veal. First time I had it on a cruise, and I immediately threw it up. I'm done! No more chances. Veal is on my banned list. BF loved it though. He said it was soo good! Good! I'm glad! Cuz I didn't like it! 

For dessert, we had our own Banana French Toast. Glad we didn't share it and glad we didn't pick two different things so we can taste the other options because it was out of this world! The flavors all mixed together just exploded in my mouth! So many different bursts of flavors! Tasted like the best peanut butter and jelly sandwich ever! It was sweet goodness! Omg, we both enjoyed this dessert soo much! Nice way to end the meal. 

Walking out, they gave us a little favor to take home with us, a little Picasso box with mini chocolate chip muffins. And the hostess was nice enough to take our picture in front of Picasso's painting.

Great customer service! The waiter always refilled my water. They were all very friendly and always smiling.

This was the most fun and romantic two hour meal, with a very nice ambience, the most expensive but well worth meal we've ever had. Like I said, it would have been even more amazing watching the water show, but hopefully next time. 

This whole short weekend getaway was super super fun and an unforgettable memory that I will never ever forget. Thanks to my BF for an incredibly, mind-blowing, jaw dropping experience! Loved it!
