bRmb81XDG3E2SOHARBLTog Came for Winterlicious 2017 lunch for $23.

The layout of the restaurant is pretty interesting: the restaurant is split into two halves. When you arrive, you would go towards your left. If you're seated on the right half of the restaurant, there's an exit on that side so you don't have to walk around the entire room.

At the entrance, there's a small room for coat check, but there's also a sign that says they hold no responsibility if anything is stolen. Well, guess I won't be using that...

We ended up waiting an extra 10 minutes, but we were seated at a nice big round table with more than enough room for 6 of us, so it not too bad. Restaurants can't predict when customers will decide to leave and we got our seats shortly.

The rooms have a very homey feel to it. All the tables are kind of close together, and the main room has a fireplace going. Lighting in general is pretty dim if you're not near one of the windows. No Wifi though.

Washrooms are located in the basement. Finding the washrooms themselves is a bit of a challenge since they're located at the back of the corridor, and along the way you'll see a bunch of other doorways that lead into places like the kitchen and so on. Feels like a collision waiting to happen if someone's rushing out with food. They are maintained well, though the basket of disposed paper towels could look a bit better.

Complimentary bread is offered with butter on the side. Good bread; really soft, with a crunchy crust.
You can ask for refills on the bread.

I ordered the Rabbit & Pistachio Terrine, the Duck Confit & Cassoulet, and the Chocolate Mousse. The portion sizes are quite filling. I've never had rabbit so I can't tell you whether it tastes like rabbit or not, but it was this flat piece of meat which I kind of wish looked a bit more natural. Tasted alright. A little salty, but does have a particular flavour that I can only assume is rabbit.

The duck confit was good, however it is on the salty side. You get a nice big duck leg with a crispy skin and somewhat tender meat. I enjoyed the flavour of the beans at the bottom as well.

The chocolate mousse...well, it's chocolate mousse. You can't really go wrong with chocolate mousse!

It took some time to get the machine for payment. Seems like they don't have that many machines to go around so if several groups are ready to go there's going to be some delay.

I think it's an alright place.
