bRmb81XDG3E2SOHARBLTog What a horrible experience! We are SO disappointed. I have no complaints about the food as it was above average but the service was the WORST I've seen.

The first impression was great: cute neighbourhood, convenient location (we walked from Kensington Market), cozy setting. 

Upon entering the restaurant, our waiter lead us to our table. A few minutes later when he came back to hand out our menus, he did not introduce himself as our waiter nor welcome us to the restaurant. He actually did not even SAY A WORD to us until our full party arrived 20 minutes later and he came to take our order. Again, no introductions nor welcoming us nor explaining the menu... he was simply taking our order. He was dressed differently than the other waiters so we wonder if he is the manager. There was another server who gave us our bread and he was friendly and smiling.

We are a party of 6 and we ordered from the Winterlicious menu on Sunday. We were told the duck confit was sold out, but it was nice that they had a streak frites substitution. Our reservation was for 1:00pm and the waiter took our order at around 1:20pm but by 2:30pm, our entrees have not arrived yet. We had to flag down our waiter and ask why our food was taking so long. He explained that there was a large group who ordered before us and the kitchen was taking care of their orders. That's bull... we watched other tables who arrived AFTER us who got their entrees BEFORE us. They even got duck confit!!! I understand the kitchen can get busy but our best guess is they forgot our order.

Once our food finally arrived, it was around 2:45pm, more than an hour after our order was taken. The steak came out too charred but the trout was flaky and yummy. Our waiter finally talked to us again and asked if everything was fine... but this was AFTER we had finished the food on our plates. After another wait for our dessert, we FINALLY finished our meal at 3:30pm. 

When the bill came, there was a mandatory charge of 20% tips (because of our party of 6). This was absolutely fine IF service was better but we were forced to pay that amount for bad service. I do not recommend Bodega to ANYONE after we were treated SO poorly.
