0q_BHpxbikVtPRRLRu-U0g Picasso, oh Picasso.. I definitely wish I didn't have to leave you in Vegas! 

I was very impressed with this place...from the minute you enter you're drawn in by the beautiful view out the window of the lake/water show and the amazing  Picasso paintings on the wall. It's a lovely space and they make you feel comfortable right away. 

The service was also spot on.. with my only minor complaint being that waiter didn't seem to know the desserts very well cuz when we asked for suggestions or specific he seemed to either not know or not be interested in sharing his opinons.  However, it was still a very pleasant experience and all of the staff was very attentive and never let us lack for anything.

The real star here (sorry Mr. Picasso!) is the food --- scrumptious!  We did the Degustion tasting menu and all of the dishes were delicious and prepared fabulously.  The Maine Lobster Salad was so fresh and bright -- probably the best Lobster salad I've ever had.  The scallop that followed was melt in your mouth delicious.  The only dish I found could've used some improvement was the fois gras w/the apples. I've had this  flavor combination before but found Picasso's rendition to be not quite as flavorful and as if something was amiss w/the combination. On a good note, the fois gras was cooked perfectly and seared just right and it was a generous portion as well.  I should also mention the lamb was fabulous -- juicy, flavorful and cooked to perfection. 

On a slight down note, the departing gift was somewhat lack luster. Generally, most restaurants of this caliber give you a small (or not so small like at Joel Robuchon!) parting gift and Picasso was no different in this respect but the cookies we received were sub-par to the food we tasted in the restaurant. They tasted stale and like they'd been sitting around for days. I'd rather they'd given us nothing as I hated for my last impression of Picasso be these stale cookies.  

Overall however, I'd return in a heartbeat and can only hope that someday Mr. Serrano will open something in LA of the same caliber.
