BS0GcQ1kUag8YJ2qcBH2lQ Yeah..................... I definitely enjoyed myself at Carens. Hahahaha.

My friends from out-of-town and I were traipsing around Yorkville on a sunny afternoon. Us California kids love us some wine, so Carens was naturally the place to be. (Ciao looked ridiculously busy anyway)

There were a few people sitting in the front patio when we arrived. We expected to sit out there, but the server led us to the back patio. And it was gorgeous. Wonderful natural tree canopies. Lanterns strung up high. Tiny lights. Bright pillows on cushioned benches. and Fans!! Yes!! A/C. It was perfect. It was a surprise.

After going through a bottle of wine recommended to us by our awesome waiter (white, french, Chabli) and a swiss, gruyere, garlic, fondue w/ green apples and bread, we opted to stay for dinner.

We ordered their spicy mac and cheese and their stilton burger w/ cheesy potatoes on the side, and split it three ways. For wine, we went red this time and again we followed the waiter's recommendation -- a wine that wasn't even listed on the menu -- a wine that was actually one of our faves from back home -- a wine by the name of Raven's Wood, get it, it's awesome. The food was delicious. Completely devour-worthy.

And in my final attempts to add something Canadian into the meal, we ordered an Ice Wine (Gewurztraminer, not Riesling) and sorbet for dessert. We weren't expecting the sorbet to be so amazingly refreshing -- we were just expecting a little refreshment given the heat, humidity, and gluttony of the past 24 hours. It certainly hit the spot. It was actually a trio. Perfect for our party of 3. The sorbets were paired with fresh fruit, too. Mango sorbet w/ a strawberry. Strawberry sorbet w/ green apple. Raspberry sorbet w/ cantaloupe. The flavor was strong. The sorbet was smooth. Mango was the winner in my eyes.

After spending so much time lounging out on the back patio w/ A/C, shade, wine, cheese, meat, and fruits... we headed over to Starbucks down the street for a pick me up... yeah, we were feelin gooooooood.

I totally recommend Carens. Maybe we were lucky with the service since it wasn't too busy, but the folks there can be light and fun and they know their wine. Bottles are a little pricey, but that's just what you get for coming out to Yorkville.
