BSmqxPbQglQwP2R56OqOag This is very weird.  When I went to find my old review tonight, so that I could update it, it had disappeared.  Has anyone else ever had a review disappear?  It was not a great one, so I wonder if they have some way to remove them, if they don't like them.  Has anyone ever experienced this before?  I am quite shocked it is gone, I can even remember everything I said.  

Anyway, on to the new review.  I will make it quick, so if it disappears again, I won't have wasted too much time.  I gave this place another chance, as it was disappointing the last time around, but it had so much potential.  Tonight at least the food was much better.  The buratta starter was amazing and huge.  A little less arugula would have been ok too.  Cheap way to make the portion look larger.  The child's size pasta was very good, and the steak frites was good as always, other than the frites, which when I always ask if they are fresh, they say yes, when in fact they are frozen.  They have some story about them being cut fresh, then frozen, but heck, isn't every potato cut fresh everywhere, even at Ore-Ida's, and then frozen?  Not sure why they think theirs are special or different, but they are not.  Frozen is frozen and they should teach the wait staff to have the correct answer.  The one snarky waiter I had last time looks like he's been promoted to manager.  He's still snarky, sarcastic and arrogant.  He may be efficient, hence his promotion, but what good is it if he has no customer service skills?  The more I think of it, his responses and attitude are disgusting.  Anyway, overall the food is good, but I think the prices are way too high for what it is.  This place is not really worthy of $12 appetizers, $18 pastas and $22-$28 mains.  There are much better places with much better service, ambience and food that are the same, or not much more, some even being less.  BUT, the biggest disappointment here every time I have come, (which is now my last) is the service.  While our waitress was very nice and knowledgeable, she was slammed and our service was extremely slow.  She had tables inside in the front, the back and on the patio.  She was running around like a chicken without a head.  The 2 bussers I saw did nothing.  And I mean nothing.  Our plates sat dirty and were not removed for what seemed like forever.  Food took a long time to arrive; even tho I asked for it to be as quick as possible and told them it was okay to bring it all at once.   We were not greeted at our table for a good 6-7 minutes, and every time she came to our table, it felt as tho we needed to speak very quickly as she was gone before we finished our sentence.  Very bad service overall.  Very short staffed it seemed.  This will be last time, even tho the food is better than I remember, but I won't accept this sort of service anymore and especially won't accept the mouth of the "manager", who still is nothing more than a waiter with a different shirt on.
