BSmqxPbQglQwP2R56OqOag Let me start off this review by saying this is the first time I have bothered taking the time to write a restaurant review but was so disappointed in how management handled us as regular customers that I decided to make the time.
We have been regulars at the Local Bistro since they opened. Suggesting to different friends and family that we meet regularly there for dinner and drinks. I loved the restaurant when they first opened and the staff was great. And while service had dropped off a fair bit since the renovations were done I thought we would hang in there in hopes that new staff just needed further experience.
We arrived at our reservation 25 minutes early last night. I didn't think this would be an issue that we were ahead of the rest of our group as I could see plenty of open tables in the restaurant. The hostess informed us that, No, that went against their policy to seat customers before the reservations and that would overstress the kitchen.  I told her we would happily sit at the bar just have to drink before the other couple arrived but all seats were taken and there is not very much standing room area. I added to her that I was having an issue with my back, unfortunately, I would not be able to stand for the entire 25 minutes until our reservation but if she could ask the manager if we could be seated early. I said I promise we will not order any food before our reservation time but just a drink which would've been made by the bartenders at the bar if we had stood over there anyway. 
I saw the hostess conversing with Brandon at length and he finally came over to us and said again that it was against policy to seat us early. I said I could understand that if there weren't all those empty tables there or if we didn't have a reservation but it didn't make any sense to keep us standing when I was uncomfortable and there was at least seven tables open including the one that was being kept open for our reservation. He said he would keep us in mind, that we are at the top of his "list" and would get us seated as soon as he was able. Five-minute stretches would go by without any new customers coming in so, again, it's not like they were having to deal with the flood of people coming in and that is why they put us on the back burner.  After 20 minutes of standing there in discomfort we left.  I told the hostess I was very disappointed in how they treated us as customers, let alone regular loyal customers
We went to another restaurant where we were treated much more graciously even though they had full tables and we didn't even have a reservation with them. When I got home and called Brandon for the email address of the owner as I thought he should know what transpired that evening, he got defensive, talked over me, and tried to say it was just a misunderstanding. He gave me the email address, giving a dramatic sigh and an Oh My Gosh! When I asked him to repeat it as I thought it sounded incorrect. I repeated the email address back to him and he gave me a curt yes. When I sent an email to that address it was returned incorrect address. Need I say more?  We will no longer be customers at the Local Bistro
