BSmqxPbQglQwP2R56OqOag Came for the first time on a Friday night - booked on open table and requested a patio table. Was not offered a patio table - no problem.

Ambiance is nice and decor is fresh and fun, however, the booth seating is rather straight up and not overly comfortable.

The olive and rosemary appetizer was amazing sounding but it was lacking any form of olive flavor. The olives were extremely hot initially and lacked olive flavor as a result. Once cooled down I had no olive flavor and mostly rosemary flavor, not necessarily a good thing as the two flavors combined aren't overly complimentary.

Had the tuna tartare appetizer - girlfriend is gluten free and couldn't try the sweetened sesame crisp that produced some complimenting flavor with the tartare. The tartare itself was lacking in flavor. The creme fraud he was so mild in taste you needed more than was offered with the plate to really taste it. Jalapeño pesto had some flavor but again needed a bit more than was available.

The French onion soup was good, however, the cheese balled up in to a giant cheese wad and i couldn't get it to melt apart very well so I had bites of only cheese and then sips of only soup. Maybe a wider mouth bowl would enable better ability to avoid the issue I faced but flavor was good nonetheless.

Seafood linguine - split the dish as a gluten free pasta option. The sauce was ok, again very light on flavor. The seafood that was in the dish taste nice and fresh but would have appreciated a bit sharper flavor from the dish. 

Pizza - ordered the salumeria gluten free pizza and it tasted decent given that gluten free crust isn't the easiest to make taste amazing. This item was ordered to go and not eaten until later.

Overall the price point seems a bit high for the quality of food experienced. I recognize that the price point is aligned to the area the restaurant is located but I would tell anyone seeking an Italian option to seek other restaurant choices like mora Italian, north at kierland, etc
