BSmqxPbQglQwP2R56OqOag I am usually a 5 or 1 star yelper!
I truly was irritated by the wait and lack of food I was able to order and not order because I got there around 1:45 they have just started to run out of options. 

The server put her strongest effort, I was very happy with her and her effort of trying to make the situation better. 

Toward the end I about had it with not being able to keep the patients due to being accompanied by my 3 -5 year old children, I had walked up to the front and stood there for at least ten minutes. 

The server came out with our last order, she automatically knew I was at my limit when she walked out and I asked her if I can get it wrapped up , she sent the manager out the manager was a gentleman he came out he was very professional he handled the situation appropriately, once he came out with my items to go I asked him who was all standing by the bar? Since I was waiting for ten minutes I wanted him to know I was unhappy nobody came up to the front to assist me, 
 I thought the girl in the blue was just a hostess but i came to find out she was one of the evening managers, he said  lthe manager and a few servers were standing by the bar as I was stNding at the front, I told him it was absolutely unfair unappropriate that I stud there for a good 10 minutes without the other manager or servers noticing I was standing there waiting to be helped!

The gentleman who was the manager on duty  that unfortunately had to deal with this busy day did a wonderful job,  he made the situation better but I did give him a lot of advice of what I noticed as another business owner and that things he can bring up in a situation when they have a team meeting!

At the end of the situation I'm happy with how hard the server tried to make the service 100% and how the manager handled the situation,
 however I do feel bad that everybody suffered at the restaurant due to lack of ordering or preparation for the day! 

I hope she got the $20 tip I left her, I will be back bc this is my first unpleasant situation. I live in the neighborhood and I'm always looking for a good spot to have a good brunch. 

I only hope that this post helps the managers and owners put in a good team effort for the whole restaurant!
