bVuPp6xuI4UPXlAEkEd2bA we went on a thurs night, without reservation (was asked if we had one though), but were seated immediately (but you may want to make rsvn on busy nights/weekends). service was attentive and professional. waiter is friendly, polite, and knowledgeable: he recommended wines to go with our food, and they were great--although my bf liked my heavier-bodied "morgan v" from france (forgot what the waiter called it but this is what showed on our bill) better than his lighter-bodied pinot noir from cali. well, me too ;). food was excellent, from appetizers to desserts. here's what we had--

appetizers: 
1. escargot -- i actually liked it this way coz i've been "escargoted out" before and was wary to put another one in my mouth again; still traumatized from the taste of it in the past. but here, i get nothing but the tenderness of meat, and lots of garlic and cheese flavor; none of that raw taste of the snail.
2. millefeuille tomato & feta cheese-- the millefeuille is not what i expected like those from the "napoloen" pastry i thought it's made with, but it's a thin, cripsy sheet like wonton wrapper, deep fried, then layered with pesto, tomato, and finely diced feta, drizzled with caramelized balsamic. bf liked it too bc the feta is not overpowering the dish; "very well-balanced", he said.

main:
1. duck breast with maple syrup-- just the right taste, although the syrup tasted EXACTLY like that in a chinese dish called "zheng jiang pai gu" (pork chops). the fragile, crunchy, fried spinach in the middle is a nice addition. it's very light and we eat like chips, but we know it's soaked in oil.
2. deer medallion with cranberry sauce-- the deer itself doesn't taste any special (at least to me), but the cranberry sauce (with berries in it) mixes well with the meat. meat is tender (at medium rare), potatoes are great (although not soaking up much of the sauce as i swiped it through).

dessert:
1. chocolate mousse-- very, very rich; but could be too sweet/rich for some (ex. my bf).  he still liked it, though, esp the bits of chocolate inside. "great mix of texture", "not just a mush", he said.
2. creme brulee-- shallow, wide dish allowed for lots of surface area for the sugar layer, which was torched perfectly (no burned taste!) yet remained crunchy for the rest of the dish. the eggy custard had the right consistency--not too hard, not too runny. taste-wise, it could render just a liiiiiitle bit on the sweet side, but it tasted great regardless.

cost-wise, apptz at about $8-10 each, mains are in the $25-35 range. dessert is $7 each, our wines were $9 (cali) and $16 (france).  total bill came to $129 ($114 before the 13% tax!) for two 3-course meals w/wine; i say that's reasonable.

not to mention our meal was accompanied with live jazz that happens every thurs to sat at dinner time!  check out their website for more info. this place has an upscale and romantic ambiance, yet to our surprise, they took us in casual wear and flip flops (so tourists don't be deterred :D)!  hardly i go to an "upscale" restaurant and not complain about something--esp those in america, they are usually too snobbish/busy to serve you right, and/or the food just didn't justify the price.  but at narcisse, ambiance was great, food was excellent, service was impeccable. had the best night out there!
:)
