ByFBnl90Nr2T7UUwoDQ42g My wife and I went to this restaurant for Valentine's day on a double "date" with friends. We chose the place because the reviews were good and it was BYOW.

The first bad sign was when we entered the restaurant at 6:30 p.m. and the place was completely empty. During the night more customers did eventually arrive, but it was never more than half full. For Valentine's Day evening, that is indeed a red flag, particularly for a French bistro, which you'd think would be packed on Valentine's Day.

The menu included a fixed price option as well as a la carte. As someone who detests fixed price menus, I was pleased to have the a la carte option available.

The bread came to the table first. It seemed like the Wunderbread version of a baguette. It came with little butter packages you get in a food court or on an airplane.

As an appetizer I ordered the ravioli dish, which consisted of a bowl filled with little miniature green bowties that could not possibly have been homemade and I'm guessing must have come frozen in a bag. They were all piled in a heap. The sauce and the ravioli were bland and lacked seasoning. It was not terrible, but not good either. 

For my main course I ordered the bavette steak, cooked blue. The steak was more medium rare than blue, not that it mattered since it was smothered in goopy sauce that made it pretty well impossible to taste the steak. You could barely see the meat there was so much sauce. again the steak was bland and needed salt (you sense a theme here). The fries that came with the steak were adequate, but... surprise surprise, totally lacking salt. 

It does appear the chef does not believe in seasoning the food. Either that or the boxed / frozen food he is reheating isn't seasoned well out of the package.

For dessert, I did want to order the Tarte Tatin, which was on the a la carte menu, but before I could do so they brought me the chocolate mousse cake, which I guess was the mandatory dessert on the fixed price menu (never mind that I had not ordered the fixed price meal) but they didn't charge me for it, so I didn't really complain. 

To be fair, my wife and my friend and his girlfriend indicated they enjoyed it. To me it was like one of the desserts you get from Via Rail in their first class cabin - basically a notch or two above airplane food.

Bottom line: This is the kind of restaurant that would have done just fine in the 1980's as a "fancy" restaurant for the suburbs. Certainly not the worst french food you will find, but you can do alot better even for the relatively modest price. The chef needs to buy some salt and learn to use it.
