bzbNGyrTwWHAgg1CqkSgeg 11/15/10

Terrace Cafe was a place I'd bookmarked weeks before my sister had mentioned hearing about its red velvet waffle from a coworker.  It sounded so delicious to her, she couldn't wait for us to try it!  Thank goodness her GPS system was cooperating that morning-- we found the parking garage easily.  Reaching the cafe proved a little bit tougher, even when I stopped to ask a security guard.  Or maybe we were just a little past the point of starving??  I really liked the entrance of the cafe, which had a nice-looking deli case full of specialty juices, pre-made salads, and dessert.  I really liked the energy here and was hoping we'd be able to sit at one of the two empty tables, but we were relegated to the back of the restaurant, where the energy was significantly muted (quite sleepy, actually), and the atmosphere there (from the large and dull wall paintings and dim lighting) made me think we were dining at a generic hotel chain restaurant after the buffet rush.  Service was very slow, as well, which I thought was odd, given that there was only one other occupied table besides ours.

After much deliberation as to what to order, we decided on the Red velvet waffle ($10), the California French toast ($10), a side of bacon ($3.50), and a side of two eggs, scrambled ($2.50).  We also ordered coffee for the table.  Mom and sister enjoyed their scrambled eggs, and we all liked the hash browns, extra-crispy on the outside by request, that I chose to accompany the waffle (options also included grits and fruit).  The bacon slices were thick-cut, wonderfully-crisped, and flavorful-- well-worth the $3.50 price tag.  Mom and I found the coffee to be very weak... Funny that sis and I were drawn to this place w/ the promise of earth-shattering delicious red velvet waffle, which she found to be boring, and I to be too fluffy and lacking of rich, chocolatey goodness, w/ its cream cheese drizzle proving to be too sweet to flip over this flop of a breakfast treat!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bzbNGyrTwWHAgg1CqkSgeg?select=pwFY3czNmSCDkWIv9fK57g#pwFY3czNmSCDkWIv9fK57g  BUT there was a light at the end of the tunnel, and it was the California French toast!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bzbNGyrTwWHAgg1CqkSgeg?select=_EKfF3-pgKDfq7Zup4NEdg#_EKfF3-pgKDfq7Zup4NEdg  This beauty of a dish consisted of three large slices of orange-scented French toast, which were drizzled w/ orange-infused honey and a side of wonderful cranberry butter!  I wished I'd ordered this, instead!  I wished I'd ordered anything other than that silly waffle!  But I digress... Really, the French toast is not to be missed.  I would, however, request for a crispier crust, should we ever return.
