bzbNGyrTwWHAgg1CqkSgeg Customer Service: My family and I have eaten at Terrace Cafe on many occasions, and never had the need to say anything negative about our experiences. We have always gone during the morning or early afternoon hours. On last Friday, (1-2-15) we ate at Terrace for dinner.
 
The cafe was mostly empty except for 3 other tables of patrons. My family placed our orders and my husband and I asked for "sweet" tea. First of all, the waitress took about 15 minutes to bring our drinks which I thought was very odd, considering there were so few patrons in the restaurant. When my husband and I tasted our tea, it was unsweetened!

Mind you, as I mentioned earlier, we have eaten at Terrace many times and have ordered their sweet tea most of those times. Each time, it has been appropriately sweet, even to the point of being too sweet.

This time however, the tea was definitely unsweetened. We told our waitress and she apologized and bought us out two more glasses of "sweet" tea. Again we tasted out tea and it was just like the first glasses, UNSWEETENED!!
 
This time, my husband walked to the front and told the waitress the tea was still unsweetened. 10 minutes later she comes to our table and says, " I'm sorry but I don't understand, I usually don't drink tea but I tasted the tea and thought it was sweet and my co-worker tasted the tea and she also thought it was sweet!

Are you kidding me!!!!! So what she was really trying to say is that there must be something wrong with our taste buds because we, the employees think it's sweet!!
Mind you, I have tasted Terrace's "sweet" tea and it has always been appropriately sweet! I ended up canceling my drink order and just drank water.

So, here are my comments  to this situation: 

Firstly, as your patron, please don't insult my intelligence by putting the burden of proof on the customer. In this situation, the customer is ALWAYS right! (Customer Service 101).

Secondly, The manager on duty usually comes to the patrons table whenever there is a dispute or misunderstanding of some type with the patron. The manager on duty never approached our table.

Thirdly, repeat customers are bred as a result of repeat positive customer experiences, even during challenges.

Finally, My family and I initially went to The Cheesecake Factory for dinner but had to wait 1 1/2 hours for a table. This was the reason for our dinner trip to Terrace. Terrace is known for it's long lines during breakfast hours but I wonder why there was hardly anyone there during dinner hours???? Hmmmmmm just an observation!!
