bzbNGyrTwWHAgg1CqkSgeg Recently, I was asked to head over to Terrace Café and I must say that I was reluctant to do so.  I usually avoid cafés, especially new and modern ones, as I always feel that I am not part of their target demographic.

Atmosphere - Bright, Clean, Open, IKEA-ish, Funky Drink Glasses (that I have seen before...I know I have) and Fake Wood menus (not sure where that comes from)?

Food - While their menu has an extensive breakfast listing, I opted for lunch...a healthy one...and an apparently charitable one.  I ordered the Fruit Salad w/ chicken, one of the two YMCA nutritionist approved items (look for the black and red "Y") with a portion of the sale going to the YMCA.  This way I ate healthy and felt good about myself...wow, I am a great person!  This salad is very similar to the one I enjoy at the now Chapter 11-filed Max & Erma's.  This salad, like M&E's consists of mixed greens, grilled chicken, pecans, blue cheese, apples, and grapes, which is then topped with some red (or pink) raspberry vinaigrette dressing.  As the norm for me, I asked for the dressing on the side...it is healthier...wow, I am smart too.  The chicken was just okay as it tasted like they wiped the "black char" off the grill with it.  I mean it had the grill marks that I expected but it was also pretty much smeared with black grill soot (I doubt that the nutritionist approved that!).  The portion size of the salad was fine to a little on the skimpy side.  The dressing, while it was pink (see second sentence in this review), was all right and not too sweet.  Overall, it was a decent salad for lunch. 

Service - Hmmm...okay the place was busy and it was lunchtime...the order was received as placed...water filled once...it was...15% tip type service.

Price - Salad $11.  For the quantity of the grilled chicken given in the salad...go to Max & Erma's.  Then again, maybe that is why they are going broke.

Overall - The menu did have several other items listed that seemed interesting.  Okay, would I go here again... maybe...maybe with a date...like a lunch date?  Now, I must go drink a beer and work on my car or something manly...pink dressing...um, what???
