bzbNGyrTwWHAgg1CqkSgeg I hate writing negative commentary on local businesses, but I was really disappointed in how Terrace Cafe treated us at breakfast.  

We are big groupon users, and I have NEVER had an institution think twice about fully honoring a *purchased* groupon just past its expiration date before now.  There is a first for everything I suppose ... this is just incredibly short-sighted.  The whole point of a groupon is to get someone to try something new, in hopes that they will become something of a recurring customer.  I regularly hold breakfast and lunch meetings in the South Charlotte restaurant scene, and thought Terrace Cafe might be a good place for such meetings.  But they have lost my business with this foolishness.  Incredibly frustrating.

The food itself was fine, though I think the hype has more to do with the nice ambience than particularly wonderful food.  I had the acclaimed red velvet waffle and found it ... okay.  Just okay.  It was dense (which makes sense for red velvet) and dry.  It certainly wasn't *bad,* but it just didn't come across as anything special among waffles.  Different?  Yes.  Delicious?  I wouldn;t go nearly that far.  My wife thought her eggs, biscuit and grits were done nicely.  And we both enjoyed our fru-fru coffees.  The presentation was attractive and the service was better than the somewhat mixed comments you read about this place, probably because we went on a Tuesday.  So overall it was good, but not the *amazing* we were hoping for.  (These are honest opinions on the food and experience, formed BEFORE the groupon nonsense occurred at the end of the meal.)

Honestly though ... if you're rating this place specifically on food is it meaningfully better than the nearby Original Pancake House?  Not based on what we tasted today.  Now the setting is in a difference league entirely ... but the food itself wasn't a special draw.  Given the OPH's standing as an excellent place for customer service and a good place to do business breakfasts, Terrace Cafe might be well served to think a little more broad-mindedly about how they treat their would-be customers.
