bzbNGyrTwWHAgg1CqkSgeg S'mores French Toast. I'm tempted to leave it at that, but I guess not everyone is as taken away with sweet and gooey breakfast goodness. 

It was Sunday morning around 10 and we probably should have opted for a faster meal so as to get on with our 11 hour drive, but we (I?) wanted a tasty breakfast. With Yelp as my guide, we set off to Terrace Cafe. First off, the parking garage is a wonderful convenience, it's not creepy or smelly like some can be and free, as well as perfectly located so finding a spot was stress-free, at least on Sunday morning. I mention this because one of my most common culprits of a ruined day is fighting over parking.
The restaurant is a classy, fun cafe, with the restaurant seating taking most of the facility, with a decent bar at the enterance. The bathroom is clean and updated, and oddly well supplied (mouthwash?). The tables are all adorned with NASA issued salt & pepper shakers (or at least they remind me of space travel) and spiffy utensils. Enough about the scenery.
The food is what we were hungry for, and a quick glance of the menu led me totally devoted to s'mores french toast. A sweet smell of amusement parks accompanied the three thick slices of fried (unconfirmed) french toast, smothered in marshmallow goo and chocolate sauce topped with graham crackers. I easily removed the crumbles (I'm not a graham fan), and quickly forked in. I savored each bite until I could eat no more. And I was sad. Because there was still one more piece. And I wanted it. It was so good. But I had to leave it, and it made me sad. My fellow breakfasters had Banana Pecan french toast, waffle w/strawberry, and hash browns, all of which they were very pleased (especially the french toast). The coffee was weak/bitter, but they offer espresso drinks as well so that might have been a better selection (though... if they can't get drip coffee right, I don't have tons of hope in the mochas). The service was friendly and prompt, nothing outstanding, but definitely no complaints. 

Oh, and there was a note in the menu regarding only serving breakfast, I'm not sure if that's just Sundays or weekends.
