C3PVq7UpeHd6nz1_e-AtkA Kalendar is such a cute, romantic restaurant. And the whole Italian-Indian fusion concept is interesting to say the least. We went on a double date on NYE and had a fantastic time. Few things before a review of the restaurant and food: 

1. There's plenty of parking on the little lanes one-two blocks over. Free after 9pm.

2. They don't usually take reservations unless it's on a special night like NYE. 

And now for the real review: 

Interiors: Love the 4-seater wooden booth in the far corner in the back. That's my spot! It's interesting to note how this restaurant has utilized space. There's tables and chairs everywhere but it doesn't look cluttered. 

Ambience: Super romantic. Dim, cozy and casual. Not quiet during dinner; infact, you will hear chipper from the tables around you but it's not loud. It's a feel good thing. Perfect for first dates. 

Crowds: Couples, couples everywhere... and not a single man. Don't go here to pick up, ladies!!

Menu: They had NYE specials + the regular menu. Everything looks interesting but my boyfriend and I were at a loss when it came to ordering dinner. We didn't want Scrolls for NYE dinner and were disappointed that the Entrees didn't contain a lot of meat options. 

Drinks: The drink menu was long! The cocktails didn't look that great although they did have some interesting options. My boyfriend ordered a South Beach which was okay. I really recommend ordering Cider. They have a good range and the Elderflower Cider my friend and I shared was absolutely amazing! 

Food: I ordered the Spinach Tortellini. It came in a small bowl and from the looks of it, I was disappointed at the amount. However, it was super delicious and filling. Now, the real disappointment - I ordered Roasted Chicken on it; and what I received was a very minute amount of shredded chicken for an extra $4. My boyfriend ordered a veal scallopini; and although his plate looked huge and fantastic, he complained that there just wasn't enough meat. The veal was thinly sliced and he only got about 3-4 small slices. The only Entree that looked like a total hit was my friend's order of Lamb Chops. We also ordered an appetizer to share - the Baked Camembert. It was delicious. Something I would highly recommend. 

Verdict? All things said and done, I quite liked Kalendar. I've been meaning to try it for a while and I am glad I did. I liked this place for a night out, but to be perfectly honest, it was a one time thing for me. It's not one of those places I would return to.
