cKdox2gt3L1Dbb7MpOPdWg Wow... Buckle up kids. I'm gonna let you sit front seat for a journey through the worst service I've EVER had. From start to finish. Tighten up. 

Preface: I own a small wholesale pasta company in California. (It costs me more to run than I make) I'm not bragging. I make my paycheck working 50-60 hours a week in another restaurant. I take a lot of pride in my work there as a pastry chef. I don't make a lot of money. I DO invest heavily on where I spend it. And here I am. In Montreal. The most beautiful and fantastic city I've ever been to. (Seriously... Well done civil engineers)

I call a month before my trip. (For my 30th birthday) and instead of calling the number I left on the answering machine, they call the number I  used to make the call which was the restaurant I work at. After a frustrating (although hilarious) interaction of two different restaurant hostesses not knowing they're taking to anther restaurant. I confirmed my reservation. 

So we arrived. 15 minutes to spare. Thank you Opus card. 
"Bonjour, avez-vous une réservation" 
"Oui," I said with fear. (Knowing there would be a follow up question in French and I just exhausted the extent of my French vocabularie. Why couldn't she have started in Spanish. I would have had a chance then.)
Well, now I've been outed. No problem she speak very good English. 
And... It turns out I don't have a [recorded] reservation... B-effing-S. 20 minute wait. Well I've already come across the continent, I'll just be patient.

Boom. We're sat. We got a beer and a wine, and we order a couple things to start.  Then she returns to finish our order and we order Au Pied de Coichon with foie. 
First, Bison Tongue comes. Done. Fantastic. 
Second, Dumplings come. 6 for 12$, or 12 for 24$. I got twice as many as I ordered but I understand the mix up. Maybe my fault maybe hers. But we can split the difference. They were fantastic.

And now comes the main event....
Any minute now.................. 
(sigh)......... 
She returns...
She notified us it'll be here shortly 10-15 minutes. (The seed of frustration has be planted.)
"What?!" I look around and think to myself, "I was here well before that 4 top over there was even sat. And they've got multiple courses. They're all happily eating their main entrees. And this two top directly next to me was sat at least 30 minutes behind me and they're almost done." (My frustration seed is budding with impatience.)

After an excruciating period of being ignored by our server. She was really good at that. We'll call her Matthrine with a C. I stop her and ask her very politely. "Will our food be much longer?"
She "promises" it'll be "right out" whatever that means. 

45 f@$k!4G minutes later we get our 1 entree. The manager himself dropped it off. He rectified, "I'm sorry for the wait. (Blah Blah) I'll take care of this." I smile. I literally don't want this. I didn't want this a while ago. I would have gladly shot this dying horse 30 minutes ago and just parted ways. But no. You ignored me and "tried" to make it right. Now we're all in this mess together.

The pig foot is here, just eat. Thank god. At least the kitchen is worth the hype. Well done. 

So now here we are. I'm done. I've given up. I'm exhausted. I literally have to pay more money than it's worth to be as angry as I am right now. So I ask for a check. And a new problem. Our server informs us she was going to send out a dessert. I felt confused. I've never been in a place where I wanted to refuse a free dessert. I just want to go back to my hotel room and conclude my birthday on or around the toilet like I do every year. She walks away.
Well, I grabbed her attention seconds after that exchange and just ask for it to go. 

She insisted mind you. 

The expression on her face says that's somehow a problem. She brings us two glasses of something I can only describe as the syrupy excrement of an apple tree. And the bill... Full price. Apparently they charged me for the time I sat there waiting for my food. 

 F-you. Here's your cash. Here's the generous 12% shit tip you didn't even earn. 

We leave. I cool off. I get to the hotel. I lie down. Hooray I'm 30 and should have gone somewhere else for my birthday. [Pity party]

Two hours later. I wipe my tears away. After all, I'm an adult now. "Maybe a free dessert will cheer you up." I take a bite. It's undercooked I think... Maybe that's intentional. I take another bite, it awfully bitter. I flip it over and the bottom is burnt. Like Cajun salmon. Black. "Custard" or whatever that was filed with runs out like syrup. It's a tart shell with a half inch of chocolate glaze? 

Anyways... I spent the rest of my night here. On yelp. Hoping someone fires you. 

Thanks for the classic 'bait and switch...'

I'm apparently missing something here. Fml.
