cKdox2gt3L1Dbb7MpOPdWg On our first date, my boyfriend and I were talking about foie gras and about a restaurant in Montreal that made Foie Gras Poutine. I was like "I know that place-- Au Pied Du Cochon, and I've been dying to go!" to which he replied "Okay, let's go!".

Six months later we were living together and took our first trip together to Montreal. Naturally, Au Pied du Cochon was on our dance card!

Now, the first time we went, the service and food were all great. We had the Foie Gras Croquemensis, the Poutine, Codfish fritters and the Duck in a Can. Admittedly, a heavy meal for the end of July, but we enjoyed. The presentation was stupendous and I couldn't get over how much foie gras was on the poutine!! A nap afterwards is mandatory.

The second time we went this past August, the service was not so hot. Our server wasn't able to explain the menu or specials very well. This skill is more like a necessity at APDC because of the nature of the menu items (many of them contain organs and culinary preparations that are not common to all diners) and also because of the language barrier. Even the English menu has a lot of French on it. So it helps to have a server who is well versed in his culinary terminology and can dole out a few recommendations. sadly, this guy could not. And I really felt bad for him. I'm a server, too, so I know that people have off nights and sometimes things are just crazy and it can be hard to present things well when everything is going haywire around you. He did mean well. 

But all was not well in Pig-Land this night...

The food and the presentation of it left much to be desired this time around. The poutine was slopped on the plate with streaks of gravy all over the edge that no one had bothered to wipe and all the food appeared crowded or simply thrown on the plate. Originally, I had ordered the sweetbreads they had on special, but they ran out as soon as my order was placed so I opted for the liver, which was cooked well and delicious. But things just weren't up to the same standard as they were the first time we were there.

I'm still giving then 4 stars for the wonderful time we had before. But taking off one star overall. I know that they can do better. APDC is an iconic place and we made our way there as a happy couple after some first date banter about foie gras. Hopefully, if we go back again, I can add that extra star and make it a 5!
