cKdox2gt3L1Dbb7MpOPdWg Jesus Christ on a stick covered with strawberry jam. (tasteless pun totally intended) There is no word in the English language that can describe this place. Perhaps that's why the French have such fantastic slang. (ie: crowded balcony) ...sidetracked a bit.

This establishment has possibly shot up to my top 3 list of restaurants for simply one reason (of many). Foie gras.

Our group of 4 managed to get a reservation the day before... and from what I've heard, its a damn miracle. Arrived early, sat early. We began ordering almost everything on the menu that has foie gras in it. Thankfully our waiter was courteous enough to tell us we totally over ordered. We very politely told him to shove it and only took off one item on our list because we are fat and hungry.

This was our order:
Foie gras Burger (split between 4)
Full Foie gras poutine
Tuna collar (off menu, feeds 3)
Duck in a can
and finally Pied de cochon.

We started with a foie gras burger and the foie gras poutine. I... I think it's the first time I've ever wanted to cry during a meal... I always knew (in theory) that cooking is a form of art. This meal confirmed it. Such emotions came over me but I held it together because I didn't want to look like some kind of pansy in front of my friends... and fellow diners.

When they swapped our small plates for giant dinner plates, we knew we were @#$%ed...

First came the pied de cuchon. Deboned pig leg.. Trotters were made in to a fried pate with horseradish paste on top. Then came our tuna collar... that thing could have easily taken up a single 2 person table. I'm pretty sure that collar came off of 700lb+ tuna. And finally, came the duck in a can. The duck is cooked in a can. Simple as that. I got a kick out of it when they cracked open the can and just poured it on the plate. 

The flavors were unimaginable... and I have a pretty damn good imagination... I think there was a tear or two rolling down my face by the end of the meal. And I felt my heart coming close to exploding. It hurts SO GOOD!

I would move to Montreal for this place alone... but then I would be fat. And poor.
