cKdox2gt3L1Dbb7MpOPdWg I'll let you in on a secret: I've been a fan of pork (most notably, its smoked offspring, bacon) long before "bacon in everything!" became a popular rallying cry.  Illustrative example: a lunchtime treat in middle school was a peanut butter and bacon sandwich.  No foolin'.

So, when I moved to Montreal and heard of a restaurant named in honour of the pig...I was in.  Even before I read all of the glowing reviews, heard buzz for its owner Martin Picard, and tasted the amazing food for myself.

And...amazing it is.  Au Pied de Cochon became my standard choice for "parents in town" dinners.  I've eaten my way through the menu from delicate fried zucchini blossoms to heavy foie gras-topped poutine (the restaurant not-so-subtly enforces a go big or go home approach).  

For all of the heaviness (long braises, dark sauces, rich meats), however, Au Pied de Cochon is able to be delicate with its flavours and textures, too.  Perfectly fried ittle cubes (cromesquis) explode in your mouth, taste buds fist pumping with excitement.  Summertime brings the option of a seafood tower to the menu, with locally sourced options plated in an amazing vertical display.  Lemon, berries, fresh herbs and local vegetables: this restaurant's focus is not just a tribute to the pig, but to the bounty of Quebec.  

The space is beautiful, the staff is amazing, the vibe is happy and bubbly and celebratory (as it should be: I challenge you to leave this place with anything but a smile on your face).

Two quick anecdotes:

Un: once, I stayed until after close, finishing some drinks.  At end of service I saw the staff congregate by the bar to take final "we did it, gang!" shots.  That comraderie was not only special to witness, but is truly evident in how the staff runs service.  It's not a formal vibe, but the front and the back of the house runs like a well-oiled machine.

Deux: a friend was having an engagement dinner at Au Pied de Cochon.  I was unfortunately unable to make it, so I called in advance to ask if they could do something special for the table in my absence.  Not only were they happy to get in on the surprise, but they presented all those arriving with champagne, charging me very fairly (and, by Toronto standards, far less than market price).  

Yelp note: Go.  Here.  Hungry.
