cKdox2gt3L1Dbb7MpOPdWg Overrated. Period. We had heard about PDC for years and finally had a chance to go during a recent trip to Montreal. The first sign of trouble came right after we arrived. We were seated in what appeared to be a row of tables reserved for tourists right across from the bathroom. We thought about asking for a table at a less busy intersection, but decided not to put up a fuss. We were so excited to see the menu, and ordered a few appetizers and a couple of the classic mains. When we asked for a wine recommendation, the waitress was distinctly unhelpful. Again, we let it slide. The first small plates to arrive were amazing: deep fried foie gras fritters, beef tartare hand rolls. So far so good. Next came the oysters. They were great, but when we asked our server where they were from, he had no idea. Okay...Then we waited *more than an hour* for the rest of our meal. Meanwhile, a couple of guys at the bar (we were told they worked here) ordered a round of drinks for the staff, and we watched as they shotgunned beers in front of us. We expected the restaurant to be casual and unpretentious--this is definitely part of the brand. But cocky frat house antics? It was a little off-putting. And yet even this we were willing to overlook as we waited patiently for our meal to arrive...and waited...and waited. By then, our initial excitement had fizzled. When the food finally did arrive, we were tired and annoyed. The famed foie gras poutine, while certainly rich, was not as extraordinary as we had hoped--and ridiculously overpriced for what it turned out to be. No doubt, PDC has churned out several dozen of these a night, every night, for many years. Instead of the timeless classic we had hoped for, however, it all seemed a bit tired. We had initially planned to order a few more courses, but at this point we decided it was time to leave. When the bill came, we swallowed our pride and paid a ridiculous amount of money for what had turned out to be an utterly disappointing experience. We came prepared to love this restaurant, and left with nothing but a bad case of heartburn.
