cKdox2gt3L1Dbb7MpOPdWg Au Pied de Cochon is bad, and it's bad in a disingenuous way that is insidious and upsetting. It simultaneously wants to be upscale and populist - Poutine, but with foie gras! Lobster rolls, but with foie gras! Chicken nuggets, but with foie gras and maple syrup! A fun-house restaurant like this could be excused for the many, many lapses in service, quality, and good taste. However, the prices and officious service make it very clear that this is a "serious" restaurant and demands to be judged as such. 

I won't complain too much about the overbearing wine service, as it was the only time in the multi-hour meal where any server seemed to remember that their job was to serve. I hesitate to even refer to the men and women in matching shirts as servers, since they seemed to spend the evening engaged in some kind of Olympic qualifying event involving running, shouting, and breaking dishes.

Before I document the numerous outrages of the service, perhaps we should discuss the food? Perhaps you're wondering what the titular and famed Au Pied de Cochon (pig's foot) stuffed with foie gras tastes like? I also wonder - it was out by the time we were seated, and our dilatory waitress (the first of many) deigned to stop by -- approximately 30 minutes later. The pig's head for two was also out. And the crab. And tartare. That eliminated roughly 40% of the menu, and essentially all the things for which APdC is known. One can't help but wonder why a restaurant would have a 9:00 seating if all the food is gone. 

The waitress tried to upsell us on some specials , including a gnocci made in a hallowed-out wheel of parmesan, the cart for which was rushed around by frantic waiters through the evening. Unfortunately, my dining companion's chair was inconveniently situated in the dining area, and often in the way of this cart. My friend spent his dinner being jockeyed aside by the harried server. 

When we needed time to consider what food to order, our waitress (#1) disappeared for another 30 minutes - undoubtedly to give us time to peruse the remaining 8 menu items. This was interrupted only by the first appearance of the wine steward who informed us that the bottle we ordered was out.

When our waitress finally reappeared (my companions and I now having grown beards and birthed children, who in turn had given us many grandchildren, bringing joy and delight into our lives), I was heavily sold on the PDC Melting Pot--it was a "staff favorite". No sooner had I ordered it then I was informed it, too, was out. Here's what we ended up managing to order from the apparently empty kitchen:

* Foie Gras Cromesquis - foie gras croquettes with a liquefied center, imagine a hybrid croquette and Xaio Ling Bao with foie gras. These were very good. 
* Duck Carpaccio - doesn't need description. Tasty if unremarkable. 
* Chicken Nuggets with Foie Gras - Well-seasoned, deep fried boneless chicken with foie gras with maple syrup on the side. Also good. Foie gras added nothing, though.

If the meal ended there I would consider this a good if unremarkable restaurant with atrocious service. Unfortunately, we made the error of moving to main courses. I ordered the "famous"(?) pork chop and my companions had the famous Duck in a Can, but of which resembled unappetizing brown mush. 

Both the duck and the pork chop were tough and somehow bland. Did I mention both came in a thin brown sauce that slopped around the plate? I should have, as our waitress (#3) nearly spilled all of it on my shirt when she tossed it on the table. 

Thanks to the long waits between seeing a server, we were spared ordering dessert, which undoubtedly they would have been out of anyway. Once the bill arrived, we finally had attentive service -- the wine steward somehow noticed a bottle was left off our bill within seconds and snatched it away to inflate the final invoice. It was the first sign of efficiency, competence, or haste the entire evening, unfortunately coming at our expense.

The final insult arrived after we'd paid the bill when the maître 'd arrived to ask how everything was. One of my companions added that we'd had water dripping on us all evening (true). The captain 1) denied all knowledge, 2) basically claimed it wasn't happening, and then said he would 3) look into it once we pointed out the water drops clustered on the ceiling above. "In all my 7 years," the captain mused, "I've never seen that happen." Strange, as an hour before we'd seen one of his staff come out and wipe the ceiling with a cloth on a pole, made obviously for this specific problem. 

I mentioned before that I think this type of food and service is bad and insidious. Dining like this tricks people into thinking this is what "fancy" or "upscale" food is like - worse versions of things they eat cheaply (poutine, chicken nuggets) served with a sneer. Like all that is pretentious, it is a strange combination of sickening, embarrassing to watch, and infuriating. This is a must-avoid.
