0q_BHpxbikVtPRRLRu-U0g After trying Picasso, it was immediately clear why it wasn't given an updated Michelin rating from 2009.  From my experience, there's very little to justify even a single Michelin star for Picasso.  Then again, Vegas has that effect on people, distorting reality so much as to convince the Michelin tasters in 2009 and current diners that this Julian Serrano restaurant actually deserved two Michelin stars.

First of all, I don't count myself amongst the fine-dining elite, having only recently sampled about a handful of one-Michelin star restaurants, mostly in the Bay Area, one in Chicago and one in LA.  To me, restaurants of this caliber offer similarly refined foods, mostly differentiating themselves by service and ambiance.  

We went to Picasso for our anniversary, which was apparently a major source of patronage besides the obligatory hot date in Vegas.  We arrived for our reservation at 8pm on a Wednesday night, and the hostess, without even looking up, instructed us to wait.  Briefly stunned, I settled into the lounge with two other couples in similar straits.  A Wednesday night besides, I've never had to wait at any Michelin-rated restaurant, especially when I've made a reservation.  

After 20 awkward minutes, we were taken to our seat on the far wall.  Along the way, I noticed plenty of empty tables, so our wait was even more disquieting.  Almost immediately, we sensed our dinner would proceed at a languorous pace; we marked time with the Bellagio water spectacle outside the windows that started every 15 minutes.  The first three shows were welcomed delights, but soon they became distractions.  

As the other couples from the lounge sat down next to us, we noticed a distinct lack of privacy.  We were barely two feet apart and in that quiet space, it was way too easy to participate in each other's private conversation.  We all ended up eating in uncomfortable silence.  

The tasting menu was misleading.  I've seen other tasting menus encompass a broad range of taste experiences, numbering up to 10 or more.  At Picasso, there are just two pricy options: Prix Fixe for $113 and Degustation for $123.  Both are more properly described as dinner settings since they came with soup or salad as appetizer, a second sampler plate, a main course, and a dessert.  

My wife ordered a cocktail to pass the time, while I got a tea service to soothe my dry throat.  Apparently, Picasso is not the place to order cocktails as my wife's cocktail came out so unpleasantly bitter that she actually had to return it after a second confirming sip.  It was the very first time she's ever had to do that.  At $14 per cocktail, it's perfectly understandable, since I expected nothing less than amazing.  The replacement was passable.  

As each well-presented but tiny portion of food came, I accompanied them all with the much needed but unsatisfactory bread.  The entrees were all uniformly moist and juicy, but I found them to be quite bland and uninspired.  The antelope I had was the juiciest piece of game meat I've ever had.  Yet, it was as forgettable as the rest of the meal, except for perhaps the slab of cold foie gras that was dressed up as an entree, a singularly disagreeable and unsettling experience.

To celebrate our anniversary, our desserts were decorated with chocolate script.  While we always appreciate the thought, the piping work looked rushed and crude, with the letters barely recognizable.  By contrast, the chocolate script we had at the one-starred Plumed Horse was a beautiful work of a real artisan.

Service was as polished as expected at other fine-dining establishments in the Bay Area.  But, towards the end of the meal, we felt neglected as we saw neither our waiter nor any bus boys for over 30 minutes.  We ran out of water and sat dejected.  

About the only element in Picasso's favor is its selection of original Picasso paintings decorating the walls of the restaurant.  I studied the two in front of me for a solid hour and started to grasp something of Picasso's artistic vision.  If I were a true aficionado or student of Picasso's works, I might find the rare opportunity to be worth the price of admission.

After three hours and a numbing procession of the Bellagio water spectacle, we tabbed out at $305 for two, including tip.  This was the first time I felt like I wasted money for a fine dining experience.  At most, the experience at Picasso was worth $150 for two, including drinks and tip.  A Michelin-rated experience, it certainly was not.  

As we left, the hostess once again told us good night without looking up.  Maybe I'm part of the invisible ethnicity in America, but that really made me feel non-existent.  Then, as if noticing a slight, the manager got the hostess to give us something of a parting gift.  Emblazoned with the Picasso logo, we found inside two small, greasy palmiers, instead of some sweets.  It was one last mis-fire that captured the whole Picasso experience.
