cKdox2gt3L1Dbb7MpOPdWg If you love the subtle, fatty taste of foie gras, you'll love this place. We took advantage of their seafood season and ordered their PDC seafood platter replacing our previous choice for an appetizer, and added on the foie gras poutine and the duck in a can. 

The PDC seafood platter was impressive. There were around 25 pieces, and they weren't just shucked oysters and clams, razor clams and snails on ice. They were treated in their own unique way. We had chopped clams with a beautiful apple, walnut, oil mixture. We had the most tender snail meat ever. We had maybe 6 pieces of shucked seafood, but they were treated with jelly or had a vinaigrette for us to enjoy with them. It was worth every penny and was deeeeelicious. It was a bit rich though to start the meal.

The foie gras poutine was probably the most "disappointing" of the three dishes if you could even call it that. The gravy was delicious but it overpowered the foie gras unless you really tried to identify the taste of the fatty liver. It would have been just as delicious had we just ordered the regular poutine or tried all the other famous places for poutine in Montreal.

The duck in a can was DIVINE. Beware though, only order this if you're ready for a very fatty dish. The duck wasn't melt in your mouth but the texture was done in that way to pair well with everything else in the can (foie gras and cabbage) that was cooked to a melting texture and taste. It was so rich and so fatty and yet I couldn't stop eating it. The foie gras was succulent, soft, and paired incredibly well with the hearty duck. The cabbage was clearly greasy but it carried the flavor so well that you could very well overlook the richness of it and think it might be a healthy addition to the can's contents. Btw the cabbage seems to also have been previously sauteed or braised with big chunks of bacon. I would definitely order this dish again and come back to try all the other dishes too.

The service here is impeccable. Everyone is friendly, informative, and quick. If your waters are even 1/3 of the way down, they'll refill it. If you have dishes that are finished, they'll take them away within a few minutes if you look like you're ready to have them do so. You are seated reservations on the dot, rather than having to wait an additional 15 minutes after arrival. Everything here is a well-oiled machine.

Our only surprise is that our waitress told us that most shirts (I know, we're such tourists) were out of stock in Mediums, but the hostess nicely informed us that they had stock of everything. Might be a subtle way to let us know people wanted our seats? Or could have just been a mistake, doesn't matter, we loved the food so much I didn't dock the ratings for it.

Let's also say that for this quality and amount of food the prices are very reasonable. If you were put PDC in NY, these dishes would cost double, which makes me an even bigger lover of this restaurant! For special occasions, this place is a must. It's not the most romantic of places, since everything is bustling, it's somewhat noisy, so on. But it sure is a hell of a place to dine and watch them prepare foods if you're sitting at or alongside the bar. Luckily we were sitting next to the fire oven and the seafood station so we enjoyed watching all three of the chefs busily preparing their dishes all night! I could have sat there for hours on end without having eaten it was that interesting.

We went in knowing that this was a famous restaurant but not expecting that this was the best in the world. With those levels of expectations what restaurant will ever pull it off? But if you go in there thinking that the food is supposed to be really good you'll love it.
