cKdox2gt3L1Dbb7MpOPdWg We made reservations way ahead of time prior to our trip to Montreal. Our reservation was at 8:30 but even then we still ended up waiting for another 30-40 minutes until we were seated - but the hostess was really sweet and checked in regularly to let us know they would seat us soon. While we were waiting, a few groups arrived without reservation, asked the hostess to place them on the last slot of the night which was I think about 10:30, and the hostess was able to take their names down.

On to the food...

Cromesquis de foie gras - basically deep fried cubes of liquid foie gras. Comes with 2 servings - which we were instructed to wait for about a minute, pick it up with our fingers; no utensils; and place it in our mouth. Basically an explosion of liquid foie gras goodness in your mouth. It's a nice introduction and starter to our meal.

For the appetizer we got the tarragon bison tongue - so tender; the meat melts in your mouth.

We also got the foie gras poutine - which of course is so decadent and basically so yummy. Unlike everyone - I had not fallen in love with poutine but this dish was definitely worth it to have and if all poutine was served like this then maybe I would be a convert.

Duck in can - of course we had to try. Neat presentation. The duck breast was flavorful and cooked perfectly. The foie gras is of course so decadent and melts in your mouth. So so good. 

PDC's melting pot - which is sort of a sampler that includes pork chop, pork belly, blood sausage, another type of sausage with sort of a thick stew/sauce over it and served over a bed of really good mashed potatoes. This dish was good with really rich and deep flavors but nothing that was overly impressive for me.

For dessert, we ordered the poudding chomeur - sort of a maple bread pudding, which came out piping hot. Super sweet but I love anything maple at this point. 

So definitely one of my favorite eating experiences while in Montreal. Really busy restaurant with a nice quaint atmosphere. Hostess and servers are super attentive. Prices aren't too bad - we spent a little over $150 for 2 people.
