cKdox2gt3L1Dbb7MpOPdWg I called 2 weeks in advance for a reservation, but when we arrived at the restaurant the hostess said my name wasn't there. Then she questioned if I called the wrong restaurant since there is a restaurant in France with the same name? I clearly said no, and showed her my phone record of calling. Then the hostess said "Sometimes we take reservations and do not write it down" ????? Not sure how that made any sense to me. Anyways, she then said there are available spots at the bar which was facing the kitchen and can actually see the chefs in action which I don't mind so we sat there. At least we got a spot, or else I would have been pretty pissed since I know this place fills up and you need to make reservations in advance. Regardless, sitting at the bar was an amazing experience seeing all the chefs cook. Reminded me of the movie Burnt.

Asparagus & Morel ($22)
Boiled Asparagus, Cooked asparagus and morel (a type of fungus), and topped with a slice of Parmigiano cheese. I still can't describe the flavor of this dish, but it was definitely tasty. I've never had morel before, but it had a really spongey texture - quite interesting. 

Foie Gras Poutine ($24)
This poutine was hearty, but definitely amazing! Especially if you like foie gras. There were huge chunks of foie gras, and big chunks of cheese. Their cheese is actually made in house (I saw one of the chefs making cheese, although it could be for the Mozzarella dish, although I would assume they would use the same cheese). The fries were crispy and already flavorful on its own! With the foie gras, cheese, gravy, and a few fries all together in one bite - epic moment right there.

Duck in a Can ($44)
This was very interesting and creative. Essentially the chefs cook the dish and stuff it into a can. Then, when they serve it, they open the can in front of you and all the deliciousness spills out, served on top of a toasted bread with a layer of squash spread. The squash spread was really good. The duck meat was cooked just right, border line well done. It was delicious, but I do feel the meat could have been slightly more tender - it wasn't as juicy as I'd expect it to be. I really liked the shredded cabbage that was drenched in the sauce, very flavorful.

Maple Syrup Creme Brule ($9)
This Creme brule was really good, but SUPER sweet! Slightly too sweet for my liking but it tasted good. Really creamy and you can totally taste the maple syrup.

The service was good, except for our waitress. This was my disappointment. Everyone but our waitress was super friendly and helpful. Out waitress did not check on us during our meal at all, and not to mention she probably missed our dessert. It wasn't until we sat there with nothing for 20 mins, she then came by acting like nothing happened and said "oh your dessert still didn't come yet?". Then I saw her keying something in the computer. We waited a total 45 mins for the Creme Brule! Even though at the end the waitress took the item off our bill to apologize for our long wait, that $9 did not justify the 45 min wait. 
Not sure if it was just my luck, but I wasn't pleased with the service experience. The food sure was amazing though. Definitely coming back the next time I visit Montreal!
