cKdox2gt3L1Dbb7MpOPdWg It's possible that I visited on an off night, but what's definite is that I had perhaps the worst service I've ever experienced at Au Pied de Cochon on Thursday night. My table was seated about 15 minutes late for a 10:30 reservation, which is fine in and of itself, but in this particular case it meant just the first of several occasions on which my party would be asked to assume the position by the restaurant, its staff and management. 

After being seated, we waited about 30 minutes before someone bothered to swing by and ask us if we'd like anything to drink besides water. It was maybe another 20 minutes before the waiter came by and told us about the specials and maybe another 10 before he came back to take our orders. I'd normally chalk this up to a busy night, but when another table in our group received their appetizers before we ordered (same waiter), I started to get aggravated. 

They apologized for the wait and gave us a few glasses of Rosé to make up for it. I thought we were cool at that point, but then it got worse.

After taking down the wine, we received our entrees.  I got the happy pork chop, which apparently comes served with au jus. I found this out the hard way, when the server spilled it on me. Twice. Their response was to awkwardly offer me a t-shirt and free dry cleaning. When we explained that this was insufficient, the conversation eventually spiraled into a discussion of what we believed an appropriate response would be (comp at least part of the bill) and their opinion that this was excessive compensation for my soiled shirt and that we should go F ourselves. We didn't get out of there until about 1:15am and I couldn't have been more eager to leave. 

Now, I go to a lot of restaurants. A lot. I generally feel like service is of secondary or tertiary importance, but that's probably because I've never had service so comically poor. The guys in the back of the house do a pretty good job, as I think everyone in our party had an acceptable meal. It's a shame those in the front of the house did everything in their power to overshadow this effort with their god awful performance.

I'm not going to tell anyone that they shouldn't go to this place because of my terrible experience, but I'd be remiss if all anyone ever saw were 4 and 5 star reviews. I definitely won't be returning, and my shirts thank me for it.
