-4TMQnQJW1yd6NqGRDvAeA I kept reading how this was a nice place for dinner and the patio is where you should sit. While the patio is nice, it's nothing that I would rave about. It's just some tents and a few shrubbery with tables. 

The important part, the food, it was amazing. My pork chop was probably the second best one I had in my life. The mac and cheese was amazing. The lobster gnoochi was really good. The charred broccolini was good. 

The service, was terrible. I don't know if our server had too many tables or what, but it ruined the dinner for us. We were starving by the time we got there. We were seated promptly. The place was not at all crowded and didn't even have a wait at 7:30. The initial greeting took a bit. We ordered drinks and an appetizer soon as we were greeted which took a good 5 minutes. Our server was super friendly and gave his opinion on the drinks which was great. 10 minutes after ordering the drinks/appetizers we ordered our entrees. A good 15 minutes or so went by n total from ordering our drinks that we actually we got our drinks. The drinks were great. At this point a table of 3 sat down next to us.  Constantly we saw trays of food come out but never did our appetizer come out. After a good 25 minutes or so from ordering the entrees, our food came out first. We never saw our server since ordering. I asked the person about our appetizer when they delivered the food. About 5 minutes had gone by and our server came by, apologized about the appetizer not coming out and that it would be on its way out now. Okay...things happen. 10 minutes later our appetizer comes out. At this point we've already eaten most of our meal and our $20 appetizer now reaches the table. Our server never once came by to ask how our food was, how it turned out, offered us more drinks, even when the apology for the appetizer happened. We literally got no service from this point on except for the water guy. We counted 4x that we went to another table near us that we noticed. Again, never once anything in our direction. We were annoyed and wondering why we were being given the cold shoulder. He finally came by after I can't even tell you how long, but we had been done, drinks were drained more than half an hour ago, and we just wanted to be done with this place. He asked if he could clear our plates. We said yes. Honestly we hadn't finished half our food because we over ordered. I didn't notice at first, but he stacked the plates and wasted a good amount of food instead of asking if we'd like it to go. He showed us the dessert menu, but again, at this point we said no thanks and wanted our check. After waiting a good 5 minutes, I gave him another 5 minutes before he got our check before I was ready to go find it myself. Finally the check was delivered and we waited another 10 minutes for the whole process to take place. We were looking around, it had been two hours. Things had definitely slowed down. This is not what I expect for $150+ dinner. I expect better service and get better service at Chipotle. 

Again, the food was amazing and maybe our server was having a bad night, under staffed etc. but I expect more for my money and not sure if I'd ever go back or recommend this place. It would've been far better if we hadn't watched him cater to the people near us repeatedly without even glancing in our direction. I would've preferred to go next door I said at the end of the night and gotten a pizza.
