cKdox2gt3L1Dbb7MpOPdWg I went with a southern French person to this restaurant but he did not completely agree with my assessment. Just a caveat. :-)

We really wanted to try a Montreal special, as this place is very well known. This place has the famous foie gras poutine and Duck in a Can. We decided to all share to try a few more dishes. The baguette is good!

The ambience is nice. We went right when it opened and there was a small line waiting. You cannot get seated if you have not made a reservation. Plan ahead. 

1. Garden salad: not on the menu, but we figured we were having so many animal parts this was probably a good idea. $15 for generic salad. The salad was fresh but basic. 

2. Mushroom risotto: this dish is very expensive for what it is, but you get a show. They come to your table with a large cheese bowl and add the risotto, mushroom, and even Canadian bacon. This dish had potential but was much too salty. It was hard to finish. 

3. Terragon Bison tongue: this is tongue well done. The texture is very soft, which is impressive given the quality of most tongues. The sauces and everything just work well together. However, it's game-y so just be warned. 

4. Foie gras poutine: loved it. The fries were good. The gravy was also good. The foie gras was in large blocks and was nice and fatty. I think if you come here, you should get this dish! 

5. Duck in a Can: I loved watching them pour half a duck out of a can. Life experience. It even looked nice coming out. The duck came out as a thick filet attached to a flap of lard and also fatty liver (foie gras). I enjoyed this dish very much. It was over puréed cauliflower. The issue I had was that the duck meat was very thick. I had to eat it with slices of the lard to complement the taste. Overall a good dish. 

6. Dessert: we got the maple cake and the lemon pie. Both were pretty good. Get the maple cake for novelty sake! Very sweet but good flavors. 

It was a pricy meal, but for a specialty restaurant it made sense.
