cKdox2gt3L1Dbb7MpOPdWg There are plenty of reviews that go through everything so I'm just going to focus on our good and bad:

Coming from US on a short trip, Couldn't seem to get reservation online a month out so wrote them and they were very gracious and fit us right in when we wanted to come. Excellent

Appearance--from the street it's in between a few other restaurants and no sign so nicely camouflaged unless you know the address.  Inside, some seating in front then narrow row of seating opposite a long bar, comfy, homely, friendly vibe.  Mix of all types of clientele. Smells great inside.  

Service--excellent.  We had several different staff swarm us throughout the meal. The main front of house gent (not sure if he is Maitre-D, owner, sommelier) but basically a jack-of-all trades as he was taking orders, explaining the menu, we let him choose our wine and he did a great job on that.  There are other staff food running, clearing, etc.   Very efficient.  We were seated across from the big brick oven and there was a gent slicing fresh hot bread and he kept turning around and giving us more, it was soooo good. 

Food--As everyone describes, very rich and filling.  My wife and I have not have much experience with Fois Gras so you have to take our food portion with that understanding as I've read many where people went crazy.  So for us, our favorite course was actually our first, it was a pear and seared Fois Gras appetizer with a maple type glaze, perfectly caramelized.  It was ridiculously good, almost like a dessert it was so good.  I think that was part of our flaw as we ordered mussels to go with that and I don't think the combo of the two suited well together (which was our mistake).  The mussels arrived quickly after the pear dish and I think our sweet tooth from that first dish made the seafood of the second not as complimentary as maybe if we ordered it alone or had it at a different point in the meal.  My wife and I split the Duck in a Can entrée, and true to reviews, it really does come out in a can, that they open tableside and pour over a pureed cauliflower mixture.  The duck breast I thought was excellent, medium rare it appeared.  My wife struggled with this as she is not a huge duck fan (lack of really eating it vs a like/dislike).  Overall we thought that dish was good but actually liked the first course the best.  Soooooo glad we did not order a 2nd entrée because we were too stuffed to even have dessert.   

One cute thing that we didn't understand is that near the beginning is when they give you the free bread/butter, they put this tiny dish that has what looks like two white tablets in it.   I had no clue what they were, finally a guy came by and poured hot water over them and they unfolded into this cute warm cloths to wipe your hands with.   Just a nice touch that was unexpected.  

On my next trip back to Montreal, I'd like to try some of the other dishes like the pork chop, the melting pot, etc.
