cKdox2gt3L1Dbb7MpOPdWg Every once in awhile, you're lucky enough to come across a meal that you'll remember for the rest of your life. It's not necessarily because you would want to eat that meal again and again in the future. It's just that the meal was completely different from any previous meal you had ever eaten.  In the case of Au Pied de Cochon, I don't think I've ever eaten a more decadent, rich, fatty, and hearty meal in my life. 

You'll notice a certain common theme based on the list of key ingredients in the dishes that my friends and I shared: foie gras, bacon, boudin, and flaky crust. Having visited Montreal in late December when the weather is beyond frigid and the wind beyond bitter, I understand the genius and madness behind APDC: their food warms/insulates your body with the fattiest parts of other animals. 

Let's begin with the cromesquis de foie gras, it's basically a small bite: 2 quarter-sized puff pastries with hot foie gras liquid in the center. Arguably, it was the best bite of the night. Decadent yet light and an amazing way to begin the meal. They come 2 to an order and among the 3 of us, we had 3 orders.

Then there's the much hyped foie gras poutine. It will be possibly the richest, fattiest, most decadent food you will ever eat in your life. One word describes it best: damn. Damn, it's good. Fries covered in an addictive foie gras based gravy, topped with cheese curds and 2 sizable slabs of foie gras. It sounds like suicide but amazingly, it works. Plus you can sop up the leftover gravy with multiple refills of crusty bread. 

At this point, our stomachs were feeling it but we trucked on and split the also-hyped duck in a can and the boudin tart. As others have said, the duck in a can, presentation-wise, really does match the hype. It was awesome just watching the server open the can and extract a huge piece of duck breast with bacon, cabbage, and carrots in an earthy sauce onto a plate of cauliflower puree. The duck was cooked perfectly and was tender and juicy, and the vegetables gave it some much-needed flavor and textural contrast.  The boudin tart was also a unique, over-the-top dish with the incredible, almost mineral-y flavor of the boudin and a flaky, buttery crust. However, at a certain point while eating these dishes, I crossed my threshold for excess. Perhaps it had something to do with the dishes naturally getting colder as the eating went on. But, once that threshold was crossed, I was DONE. I realized there was a limit to the madness. 

Despite this overload, the saying "there's always room for dessert" rang true. We went against our best judgment and split the chocolate pot de creme. Served in a jar with a thick chocolate mousse on the bottom, whipped cream in the middle and little crunchies on top, the chocolatey dessert was irrationally a welcome break from the onslaught of duck and pork we had undergone. It was a fitting way to end a meal that will give me dreams/nightmares through the rest of my life. 

For those coming from out of town, I'd highly recommend making a reservation as we made one 3 weeks prior for a wednesday night and it was packed. Also, plan some sort of physical activity for the next morning/afternoon: you will need it.
