cKdox2gt3L1Dbb7MpOPdWg Indulgence and excess of the highest order is how I'll remember my night at APDC. This was a meal to end all meals. We had reservations for 8:00 pm on a Wednesday and I almost wish we hadn't eaten anything the whole day. We knew we were in for a night of unrivaled gluttony the moment we walked in, smelled the food and noticed the huge portions sizes on some of the plates.

We wanted to start off with something kind of light (by APDC's standards) and got the blue cheese salad,  a sizable plate that came with endives and chunks of blue cheese.  I tried not to use too much cheese on the bread they had given us when we sat down but their fresh bread was addictive and helped balance out the strong cheese.

The second dish was one of the specials on the night - baked clam with cheese sauce. I have a hard time stopping myself from trying clams whenever it's on the menu, especially at a place like this when I knew they would prepare it in a way I've never had before. It didn't disappoint. As heavy as the sauce was, the flavors were well balanced and even though each bite was probably a hundred calories, I couldn't help myself from mopping up some of the sauce with more bread.

We were already getting full so when informed that our Pied de Cochon with foie gras was going to take a bit of time to come out, we were glad.  When it finally arrived, any delusions we had of trying the duck in a can afterwards quickly disappeared. It's as if French gastronomy took a look in the mirror, didn't like what it saw, and decided to get juiced. All I could do at first was look at the huge portion size of the dish and then feel intimidated by the size of the foie gras sitting on top of the pile of pig knuckles, chunks of pork and onions . Somehow after an hour of battling this dish, aided on by 3 shots of single malt Scotch, we emerged victorious. The only thing I lost in the process was my dignity.

APDC is not the place to come and hold back. This place is a weight watcher's worst nightmare... but sometimes it's good to be bad and if you are thinking of going all out,  there's every reason for you to come here.
