cKdox2gt3L1Dbb7MpOPdWg I was hoping to post a 5-star review since this meal was what I was looking forward to the most in Montreal.

Placed a reservation weeks in advance for this restaurant because it seems from previous reviews that it was recommended.  Communicated through the email with the hostess who was very friendly.

Arrived to the restaurant and was promptly seated in a heavy traffic area where a lot of the bread gets cut and where a lot of the food is left to cool off before it heads to the clients table.  

Server took our order promptly which included:

Cochonnailles Platter (3.5/5) - assorted meats
Foie Gras Poutine (5/5) - fries, gravy, cheese curd, foie gras
Happy Pork Chop (3.5/5) - giant pork chop with mushrooms, etc
Tartellette Champi (4/5) - cant remember this one, I believe it was one of the specials of the day

We would have liked for the waiter to explain the meats of the cochonnailles platter instead of us having to ask him when they came out.  The happy pork was a little dry and was doused with sauce (mushroom/onion sauce).  The waiter also disappeared for some time and was no where to be found a few times during the 2 hour meal.  The meal overall was quite tasty with lots of flavors to wet the pallet.  

For the final part of the meal we ordered the creme brulee.  It was supposed to be the final highlight of the meal but failed.  When it came out it was burnt on the top and the first bite I took was a very bitter bite.  My girlfriend also did the same and agreed that it was overcooked on the top.  We decided to tell the waiter (who was not our actual waiter since he disappeared) who dropped off the double espresso and latte we ordered.  Then the manager (possible GM) came by and decided to tell us that we were wrong and that they way it was cooked was correct.  Excuse me.  I didn't asked to be told that I was wrong and that all the other restaurants use regular sugar while they use brown sugar.  Just apologize and ask me if I would like something else.  Simple as that.  He eventually told us that all the other restaurants do it wrong.  At this point I wanted to slap the dude and state that I have had creme brulee in many different parts of the world and this was the first time that I had burnt creme brulee. He then let us order something else, in which we then had the cheesecake.  The cheesecake (4/5) was good but it is no cheesecake factory cheesecake.

Overall my experience at this restaurant is mixed.  The final bill totaled 137.74 (pricey).  I probably will never come back since I live in SoCal.  And I am sure the next time I order creme brulee in SoCal, it will be done right!  

Cheers.
