0q_BHpxbikVtPRRLRu-U0g The five course set menu started off with an amuse bouche that consisted of a boiled quail egg and smoked salmon topped off with some caviar. This bite was accompanied with a small cup of corn bisque with slivered almonds. It was an excellent start to whet the palate. The bisque was perfect and the almonds provided a nice crunchy contrast to the smooth texture of the bisque. As for the rest of the meal, it was pretty good.

First course was the Maine Lobster Salad with Apple-Champagne Vinaigrette. The salad had huge pieces of lobster meat and it was accompanied with tiny four tiny balls that were made of different melons and avocado. The pink peppercorns sprinkled about the dish also provided a nice sweet explosion of taste. Excellent!

Second course was the Pan Seared Nantucket Scallop
with Potato Mousseline and Jus de Veau. The scallop was the most perfectly cooked scallop I've ever had. It was just the right texture without being too rubbery in the middle and perfectly seared on the outside. However, couple people complained about some gritty sand in the last few bites. The potato chip provided a cool umbrella-like decoration but was nothing special otherwise. Excellent!

Third course was the Sauted Foie Gras with Rhubarb and Crushed Roasted Walnuts. I actually thought this was a really nice dish because the liver was very nice and buttery and tasted almost like a super tender cut of steak (I've never had foie gras). But I guess the girls thought the livery and fatty taste was just too much. The rhubarb provided a nice sweet, sour, and bitter taste and I loved the walnuts that added a nutty component to the dish. Excellent!

The fourth course was Roasted Aged Lamb Loin with some type of bean. This was kind of disappointing for a main dish. It was nothing special and the loin was a little bit chewy. The other main dish was halibut, which was also just decent. I didn't like how the loin sat in a soupy pool of beans. Average.

The fifth and last course was a bunch of desserts that we all kind of shared. I got the Walnut Tart with Brled Bananas, which was also just average. The other chocolate desserts were too dense and rich. Average.

The dinner ended with some small pieces of candies and chocolates which were nice. The service was also pretty good except one time when I left to use the restroom, they took my napkin, but didn't replace it. The meal was $156 a person for the five course set meal, which was overpriced compared to other fine dining restaurants I've had for that quality of food, but I guess it's Vegas so it's expected and everything is inflated. As we left, they gave us these nice boxes that had butterfly cookies inside, which was also pretty cool. All in all, a nice experience, but not the best fine dining restaurant per value I've been to.
