cKdox2gt3L1Dbb7MpOPdWg My sister Jess has been living in Montreal for the past three years and each year I have visited and together we have the made the pilgrimage to all things pig and duck - Au Pied De Cochon. The restaurant is quite small, narrow and long, an open plan kitchen and wood fired oven line one of the walls. Due to the proximity of patrons, pots and pigs it can be pretty hot, but in a hearty open fire type of way, it is immediately endearing.

During our first visit we had what was arguably the finest dish there, not pig or duck, but lamb confit. The shank had been braised slowly in goose fat, rosemary and thyme. It was served on a bed of light puy lentils, a touch of vinegar lifting them against the rich meat. The sauce, OMG, was a heavily reduced lamb juice and tomato concoction, the depth of flavour hard to articulate, I was blushing and I am not normally shy. I was so enamoured that I spent the next two days hunting down the cook book and one year later recreated the same dish for my mothers European birthday adventure, it didn't disappoint. 

During my second visit we had the duck in a can, canned duck breast, foie gras, root vegetables and once again another incredible sauce. It may be a little gimmicky, they open the can at your table and throw it on a plate, but if it is good enough for Mr Bourdain (I am secretly developing a weird man crush) it is good enough for me. We also had a foie gras tart, which was devine, the richness of the foie gras offset buy the tart apple. 

So I suppose it is unfortunate that my last memory there is my least favourite. After much deliberation we decided to opt for their speciality, the pigs foot stuffed with foie gras, this is not a decision to be taken lightly, literally. If like me you have ever stared eye to eye with a pigs foot then you will probably be a little terrified by the idea, hoofs are just plain scary, I would eat a hairy tattooed biker any day. The foot comes in a crumbed batter atop a bed of mash strewn with root vegetables, drowning in a rich sauce with a few pieces of foie gras on top. It is not pretty. I found the majority of it intimidating and rather gloopy, even my sisters frenchie BF lacked the means to tackle it properly. 

For the next few days the pig took residence in my body like some dark poltergeist, I had both sweats and nightmares. You are warned.

To avoid finishing on such a dark pig demon note, if in the Monte, you must go there, just heed my advice.
