cKdox2gt3L1Dbb7MpOPdWg Martin Picard is one of my favourite Food Network chefs.  So of course I had to come to his prized gem.   I also came on Tony F.'s behalf.  So Tony, this one's for you!

I had called and made a reservation the week prior, but upon arrival they seem to have lost my reservation.  Not a problem as they were able to accomodate us.  

As part of some strange rebellion my stomach was having against food (e.g. I seemed to never feel hungry), I didn't gorge at APDC.  Of the lot, I tasted the foie gras cromesquis, the salade PDC as well as the duck in a can. 

Foie gras and duck have always been a favourite of mine and so naturally, this would be the meat I chose for my conquest.

The bread at APDC has now taken over the title of best bread ever. The spot previously belonged to the Woodlot in Toronto.  Their bread was only slightly warmed, but was very crusty on the outside, yet very soft in the centre. 

The foie gras cromesquis came first.  They are two dice-sized cubes, which the waiter explains has to sit for about 2 minutes prior to indulging simply because they are very hot.  Words really cannot describe the sensation I experienced as I bit into the fried exterior...I think the moment I bit into it, I must've blacked out from the intense flavour that was bursting on my tongue.  The only way I could describe the flavour is an intense, savoury, mouth-watering, French-onion-soup-like concoction with the buttery goodness of foie gras.  Don't be fooled by its petiteness. Its kind of like how everyone expects the short guy to suck at basketball because of his runt height, and then he ends up being the next Michael Jordan.  The only thing I would've changed about it is that I probably would've preferred a thinner battered exterior- though I'm sure the reason why it is such a thick batter is so that it doesn't melt the contents inside.  

After having pondered further, we decided to add an order of the much-talked about foie gras poutine to our order (although we were iffy as to whether or not we'd be able to devour all this food!)

My original intent of ordering a salad was to counterbalance the otherwise rich food that would follow suit throughout the evening... however, as I soon found out - there is NOTHING light about the fare that is served a la Martin Picard.  The salad was made from pig knuckle, bacon bits, sundried tomato, greens, and a very twangy and tart vinaigrette.  I found the salad to be a little too oily for my liking, and the tartness of the vinaigrette was so overpowering that even the heavy-weight contender (otherwise known as bacon) lost its dominant flavour.  All I could taste was sour twang.  The deep-fried pig knuckle was nicely done - hats off for the spicy mustard that topped it.  It was an amazing mélange.  

Next came the duck in a can... Maybe I had sky-high expectations from all the hype and talk about it on Yelp, but I was not that impressed.  The duck breast was hard to cut into, even with our Atila-the-Hun-sized knives.  The layer of skin made me want to run and hide because it was so thick!  I have had roast duck at a Chinese restaurant before, and the skin is not usually that thick?  It was like a slab of fat and I just didn't care for the texture.  The foie gras that was in it was very nicely done, although not seared, still had a very nice flavour to it.  It was served with a turnip purée that had accents of bitterness to it.  The base of the dish was made with some sort of crostini and topped with a sauerkraut-like vegetable mixture that had a hint of tartness to it.  I think I was actually the most disappointed with this dish.

Finally, came the foie gras poutine.  I am SOOOOOOO glad we collectively decided to order this dish because it made the experience.  I've had a foie gras poutine at Trevor Kitchen & Bar in Toronto, and it was swimming in oil... However, when the APDC version came out, I took a sigh of relief to find that it was not the least bit oily.  Bravo!  The gravy was the most amazing gravy I have ever tasted.  It is made with foie gras, a secret powder, and egg yolk.  The cheese curds were not salty, as the usual (which allowed the flavour of the gravy to really stand out).  The gravy was so good that I took the remaining slices of bread and soaked it all up!  It was just too good to waste.

APDC was definitely an adventure, though it fell short of my expectation.
