cKdox2gt3L1Dbb7MpOPdWg I accidentally checked into the food truck, but I did eat at the restaurant. I would ordinarily never eat at a place like this since everyone knows that a) pork tastes just like human flesh and b) pigs are smarter than dogs. However, I was with a group and my objections were overruled. I planned on enjoying the wine and getting a slice of pizza later, but as it turned out, there is more to this place than pork and foie gras!

They have an emphasis here on fresh and made to order, so unfortunately, a few of the items that I thought I could stomach, such as the garlic whelks, were unavailable. Also, they insist on defiling many of the vegetables with cheddar, the most offensive of the cheeses, and charcuterie. But as luck would have it (for me, at least), the night before our visit, a hapless, 200-pound tuna enjoying a swim in the brisk waters off the coast of Nova Scotia was ensnared by Au Pied's supplier's nets, so there was a great deal of tuna available on the menu. 

The server advised that our food would take about an hour to arrive and encouraged us to order an appetizer, so we started with the coppa pizza. The wonderful cheese pie (NOT cheddar, thankfully!) was crowned with a salad of arugula, nutty Parmesan and easily removable charcuterie. Just to up the ante, the server poured a mix of hot and spiced oils to dress the salad. 

The food arrived - a variety of pork products topped with foie gras for the others; two obscenely large tuna steaks for moi - and we dug in. The tuna was quite simply the best I have ever had. Perfectly seared and simply seasoned with cracked pepper, the briny taste of the Atlantic was allowed to take center stage. The tuna rested atop a bed of what I sincerely hope was a pork-free polenta and was garnished with some cheddar-less asparagus. Divine!

The restaurant thought ahead and considered the richness of their food in designing their bathrooms, which are equipped with fancy Japanese toilets with fountains, blowers and heated seats. Then hand dryer was out of order and I considered using the toilet to dry my hands, but reconsidered. 

We were too full to contemplate dessert, but the dessert menu does feature a great deal of confections incorporating maple. There is also a park about 2 blocks away and I suggest doing as we did and taking a stroll after your meal to aid in digestion.

A final note; the wait staff is wonderful. Everyone was friendly and welcoming, and our server was attentive and extremely knowledgeable about the menu - both wine and food. Top notch!
