cKdox2gt3L1Dbb7MpOPdWg This is my favorite restaurant in Montreal !!! Definitely recommend you guys try this place, and you will love it so much!!!

My friends and I went there for dinner during our traveling in Montreal this July. One of my friends has made the reservation a couple of days before our arrival, and this restaurant is always very crowded. When we left there around 11:30 p.m., there were still several people waiting for seats.

This is a French bistro. The wooden interior decoration and a large liquor cabinet as the background creates a bright, sweet, and warm dining atmosphere. You will want to take a drink and enjoy a fun night unconsciously. 

Every dish looked very home-made, and in a large size, especially the main courses. We have tried the foie-gras terrine as the appetizer. The maple syrup sauce was really a big surprise, not to mention the rich and creamy foie-gras itself with the crunchy bread. 
We also tried the wine boiled pork shank with risotto. It tasted soooo great!! You could feel the soft and rich pork melt in your mouth, and your lips become a little sticky. The bacon topping brought another different texture as well. I personally really really love this course, it feels like I was in my grandmother's kitchen.
The other main dish we ordered was baked pork shank with foie-gras and mashed potato. The crispy pork skin, the mushrooms, the creamy potato, and the foie-gras matched each other very well. They all together helped me to feel different layers of this course. Although the sauce was a little bit salty, I still feel that I could forget all the troubles just because I had this meal.
The house special alcoholic drink (made by sake) was smooth. And the dessert drink (maple milkshake) made a happy ending for this dinner, though it was too sweet for me.

We got nice service, and the server almost could answer any question we had about the restaurant and the dishes. We also saw other tables ordered charcuterie, and the server sliced a large ham in front of us. That was really cool, and I would like to try that next time.

Considering the price, the food quality, the service, and the dining environment, this place is worth to try and come back again!!!!
