cKdox2gt3L1Dbb7MpOPdWg Au Pied de Cochon was recommended to me by a friend and who must really like me because this place was amazing.

Let me begin by saying that I've never heard of APdC before my trip to Montreal and I attempted to "walk in" on a Sunday night.  Don't do what I did, it was stupid.  Make a reservation.  The wait at 8:30 on a Sunday was 2 and a half hours, not knowing where else to eat, I put my name and number on the list and went for a drive.  The Hostess called a half hour later and said some seats opened up at the bar and I hurried back.  

The restaurant has a glass windowed front dinning area, seats at the bar/kitchen in the middle and more seating in the back.  I'd suggest sitting at the bar if you can, that way you can watch the cooks at work.

The menu is in French but most, if not all, of the waitstaff can speak English and are very helpful.  The menu is broken down between apps, foie gras, entrees, and an assortment of meat dishes by category (poultry, pig, bison or deer).  Not knowing French, I opted for the dish named after the restaurant but we'll get back to that.

APdC is known for their foie gras as is the rest of Montreal but the thing to order is the Poutine au foie gras.  It's like an order of cheesy fries, but the cheese is foie gras.  It will blow your mind.  Also good, are the Cromesquis de foie gras which are fried balls of foie gras that you eat in one bite and explode in your mouth.

Back to the entree - I ordered au pied de cochon and it was delicious.  It tasted like the dark meat of a turkey but so moist and fatty and this review just got dirty.  The fact is, I had no idea that what i was eating was pig's feet and had I known what it was, I might not of but it was damn good and would recommend it.  It did come with mash potatoes as a side that were okay but the meat was the winner.  They finish the feet in the oven so the succulent meat is encased in crispy, fatty skin. YUM!

No room for dessert but I did have the namesake's beer which was a nice and light beer to accompany the meal.  

This is a must go, if you are in Montreal for any period of time.  Parking is on the street and be sure to note the address.  I drove past the simple facade twice before I noticed the Pig above the entrance.

Note: APdC is not open on Mondays as I found out when wanting to go back for seconds. 

Enjoy!
