0q_BHpxbikVtPRRLRu-U0g I was really excited to come here, as this would be only my 2nd two-Michelin star restaurant experience to date. Unfortunately, I went away a tad disappointed; I expected a 2-Michelin star restaurant to give me a 5-(Yelp) Star experience.

Food: 4 stars
Service: 2 stars
Decor: 5 stars

First, lemme start off with the decor. It's usually not that important to me, but it's hard to (and you shouldn't) ignore it at Picasso. They have over $100M worth of Picasso originals hanging on the walls, right behind dining tables. Why each piece isn't protected with a glass case is beyond me, but it's really cool.

Now for the food. I opted for the Prix Fixe menu, as opposed to the Menu Degustation. My first course was a carrot and ginger soup with sautéed maine ruby red shrimp. Tasty. My second course was a sautéed filet of salmon with cauliflower mousseline and saffron sauce. Even tastier. The main course was braised short ribs with potato gratin and bleu cheese. I thought the potato gratin was delicious; there was bleu cheese between each layer of potatoes, which made it really enjoyable. For dessert, I opted for the "oatmeal cookie", which was a flan, with bits of oatmeal cookie, grape sorbet, and some raisins and grapes. I didn't really enjoy the dessert that much. Overall, the food was good but I've certainly had better at "lesser" restaurants (both in price and prestige).

Lastly, the service was way below what you'd expect from a 2-Michelin star restaurant. The servers weren't rude, per se, but they made too many mistakes. After telling our waiter that we'd need only a couple more minutes to decide, he didn't come back to our table for at least another 15 minutes. Twice they served plates to the wrong person at the table; the second time, one of them blamed the waiter (in front of us) for telling him the wrong position at the table. If you're counting, that's 3 strikes right there. Also, when I ordered our 2nd bottle of wine, the server let my friend (the other guy at our table) do the pre-pour taste. I'm not a wine connoisseur by any means, but you have to get that right!!!

I may be a little bit picky, but when you're paying steep prices for fine dining, it's expected that a 2-Michelin star restaurant executes every single bit of detail to near-perfection, if not to perfection. You may have 2-Michelin stars, but you're only getting 3 Yelp stars from me (and no, service, food, and decor aren't weighted equally in my book).
