cKdox2gt3L1Dbb7MpOPdWg I've been wanting to come to the restaurant for years after see it featured on No Reservations with Anthony Bourdain! I mean what's there not to love when the restaurant serves, Duck, Pork and Foie Gras?

Seeing as I was unfamiliar with the area and began my pilgrimage to the restaurant (I knew the food I was about to ingest would be full of fat so I decided to get in my exercise for the day). The restaurant was tucked away in a little street and the hidden restaurant had me walk by several times before I realized I had arrived.

the decor was nicely decorated, small tables on the sides with a home feel to it and you can see the brick oven in the kitchen. The staff were incredible friendly and spent time to have a conversation. They had a a lot knowledge of the menu and gave me some great recommendations. The smell of the pork fat just made me hungry. The restaurant was busy and loud but gave off a fantastic energy.

I had the seasonal maple beer they brewed in house, and it was delicious. Nice balance of malt and maple syrup so it wasn't overly sweet or bitter. Needless to say I had several pints over the course of the night.

I started with Cromesquis de foie gras, this little deep fried cubes of Foie Gras were like little bombs of flavor. The buttery melted foie gras with the deep fried exterior was a unique combination. This is a must have! But make sure you listen to the servers instructions on how to eat them, otherwise you'll burn your mouth and ruin your night!

Temaki de Bison was a braised bison tongue served with Dijon mustard. The bison tongue was coming apart by the fork and was amazingly tender and melt in your mouth. The Dijon mustard gave it the spicy kick that it needed.

My main was the Cured foie Gras & Boudin Tart, the soft foie gras served on top of blood sausages and butter pastry tart was incredible. The foie gras added a slight creaminess to the dish to the dish while the blood sausage added the richness. 

Needless to say, I had a foie Gras overload and I had to struggle my way back my hotel! But I would glad go back anytime!
