0q_BHpxbikVtPRRLRu-U0g The BEST restaurant I have tried in Vegas so far. (And I've been to many).

I booked during CES week a month in advance - booking early is a must for anyone attending CES. I read a lot of great reviews in Yelp, and they are all correct. 

Amazing food!

First, location is not that easy to find. Walk on the shopping side of Bellagio, and it's downstairs from the shopping center (near Giorgio Armani). There's a tiny little free-standing sign that is easily missed, in all the colors of Vegas. 

We had 6 people at the table. They first served us amuse bouche. Most reviewers loved the amuse bouche, and I can't more agree. We had a celery soup and deep fried seafood croquette. It was perfectly paired together.

Each of us tried either the Menu Degustation or Prix Fixe meal. I had the Prix Fixe.

Starter = Butternut Squash soup. Basic butternut squash soup - nothing special, but butternut squash never really is.

Main Course = I ordered the Lobster (supplement of $40). Worth EVERY SINGLE PENNY. Large pieces of lobster in a light veggie broth. The lobster was cooked to perfection and was to die for.

Dessert = You get any choice from the dessert menu. I had th key-lime pie with the rum ice-cream. Delish! You can tell the key lime was from REAL limes, and you can taste the rum in the ice-cream.

They also served us several trays of petite desserts to go with our coffee.  Each one you can tell was hand-made.

Why only 4 stars? The service was lacking. The bread server didn't bring my bread as requested (bread is mediocre - but ask for the olive oil with the bread. Quality olive oil.)

Our main server was excellent. One of my wine glasses got stains on it (from me), and the server got me a new glass. He even got me ANOTHER new glass of red wine to try myself, as he thought it was his fault.

At end of evening, the hosts (I only saw Men at Picasso), gave all the women a box of butterfly cookies with cinnamon to take home. Beautifully boxed to end a beautiful evening.
