0q_BHpxbikVtPRRLRu-U0g A-

I going to preface my review by letting you know that I'm a Chef and I will put some of my more detailed comments toward the end of this review.

We dined here at 8:30 p.m. on a Saturday night.
The location is stellar, with beautiful views of the Bellagio Fountains.
The finest service I have received anywhere I have ever dined!
Presentation of the food was simple, elegant and spot on. Nothing too showy, which I appreciated.
My wife, who has a good palate, was thrilled with everything she was served.
We had the Prix Fixe menu with the Wine Pairings and chose different items, so that we could have a wider variety of items to taste.
The only down side that I would comment on, that a regular diner might notice, is that I was served a "corked" wine with my entree. After speaking with our waiter, I was surprised to find out that they don't "sniff" the wines before serving them. I don't think that this is an unreasonable expectation, when you're paying over $250 a head for dinner.

***CHEF COMMENTS(These are minor criticisms and will NOT BE noticeable to the vast majority of diners.)***
The Amuse Buche was a duck croquet over a smear of Tomato Coulis. The tomato came through a little too much.
I had the Warm Quail Salad paired with an Spanish Rose from Priorat. On the surface I love this pairing. However I found the Rose pulled too many bitter elements from the frisee-heavy salad, which weren't overcome by the fattiness of the quail. The quail was cooked perfectly and once again, presentation was excellent. I was curious as to the origin of the pine nuts used in the dish, since I've run into some "pine mouth" inducing pine nuts from China, and although I inquired of the kitchen, I was never given an answer by our waiter. I skipped the nuts to be safe.
My wife had the poached oysters with a Sancerre, which she adored, presented in an ingeniously folded napkin.
I then had the Black Bass paried with an Assyrtiko. The bass, which was cooked beautifully, but had a bit too much salt on the skin. It was served with the Cauliflower Mousseline which was exquisite.
My wife loved her Fois Gras with Huckleberry(Blueberry?) Jam paired with a late harvest Mourvèdre. Initially excited at trying this sweet red, I found that the pairing was far too sweet, and combined with the richness of the fois gras, the small bite was overwhelming to my palate. My wife adored this Bacchanailan combination!
For my entree I had the Wagyu(domestic) Short Rib paired with an Argentinian Malbec. The short rib was wrapped in thinly sliced, baby zucchini. Gorgeous and delicious. Unfortunately this is where I ran into the corked Malbec, which I luckily noticed with a slight sniff and hadn't sipped. They replaced it with a rustic red from Priiorat Spain, that I found too be a little too rough. I tried a sip of the red, an Amarone style also from Argentina, that was paired with my wife's entree, but after the initial sip, it was obviously far too rich for the short rib. 
My wife had the Fallow Deer Medallions, which were very lean and beautifully paired with that red. 
I opted for the Cheese Assortment(additional $14) for my dessert and it was delightful! I only had Pelligrino at that point, since my palate was getting tired. The cheesed were varied and delicious, with a couple being a touch ammoniated. My wife had the Earl Grey Cheesecake with was excellent and again, beautifully presented.
While enjoying our dessert we were presented with a  small assortment of delicious pastries that, although I was already very full, I made a point of sampling.
I was surprised to be presented with the bill, before asking for it. A very American thing to do in a restaurant that leans heavily on being French. Although presented with the bill, I didn't feel as if I was being rushed out and I noticed a number of other diners lingering and enjoying each others company and the view of the fountain shows,  which occur every fifteen minutes.
Upon leaving we were given two beautiful boxes with two tiny muffins inside for our breakfast the next morning.  A nice gesture, although the muffins were unexceptional.
***ONCE AGAIN***** These are very minor critics of a spectacular restaurant. If we find ourselves in Las Vegas, we will eat here again. I highly suggest, that if you have the means, to treat yourselves to this experience.
