cKdox2gt3L1Dbb7MpOPdWg I found this restaurant by a simple internet search of "best foie gras in Montrea.l"  Immediately this place popped up.  Intrigued, I went to the website, found the email for reservations (because I was too afraid to call, I don't speak French!).  Juliette was so accommodating in reserving a table for us.  I called 2 weeks in advance and only the 5:30pm and 9pm were available - this to me just showed I made the right choice for Saturday night dinner in Montreal.  

Upon arrival, it can be a little hard to find, there isn't really a sign.  If it wasn't pointed out to me by a nearby patron I probably would have walked right passed it.  We were greeted nicely by one of the waiters and were seated right away.  At 5:30pm (mind you, they open at 5pm)  the restaurant was already poppin'!  Workers were delivery food, the smell of delicious pork, duck, beef filled the air, I couldn't wait to order.  The (3) of us decided to share plates so we could try everything.  My only regret ( if I had any) was that I wish we got dessert...everything sounded so delicious!  Here is what we got:

French Onion Soup - we were advised to share because it was hearty.  The waiter (who was THE BEST, so entertaining, informative and just wanted us to have the best dining experience, like, ever) said that Pied de Cochon meant "rich and heavy" umm yes please.  He advised between the 3 of us we share one soup.  He. Was. Right.  The soup, which had all the traditional components of beef stock, onions, crouton and deliciously melted cheese had a little kick of meat which made it more filling than normal.  I would recommend this dish when you visit!

Beef Tongue with Tarragon - sounds different... I'm a big fan of beef tongue but I'll have to be honest and say that I've only really had it during hot pot or korean bbq.  The Tarragon sauce was delicious, the beef was so soft and it practically melted in your mouth.  If you're one of those "not sure about tongue" this dish is definitely a great way to try it for the first time!

Fg Poutine - delicious! delicious! Gravy was delicious and there were good pieces of foie gras throughout.  The fries are also fried in duck fat (yes please!)

Fg Plogue à Champlain - Suggested to us by our waiter.  Imagine, a light pancake, light mashed potato, top with melted cheese and then the whole thing is topped in foie gras and drizzled with the most delicious syrup.... we were all fighting for the last piece.

Wine/Cocktailes - great selection of wine and they had 2 special cocktails that night.  We opted for a french wine and it accompanied our meal throughout.

This was our favorite restaurant when visiting Montreal.  The service was excellent, and the service team were so cohesive, they really worked together in such a tight space with a big crowd of people.  The food ,even better, I dream about fg to this day.  I highly recommend a visit when coming to Montreal just don't hesitate to make a reservation - the line was out the door and it was freezing!
