0q_BHpxbikVtPRRLRu-U0g We had a phenomenal meal here!  I rarely do tasting menus because there are quite a few things I don't eat, but the degustation menu here lined up really well with my tastes.  It's 5 courses, plus bread, an amuse and mignardises.  I've had bigger meals that I was able to finish, but the food here is so heavy and rich I was stuffed by course #3.  

The degustation menu is:

Amuse bouche - a cup of potato leek soup and pheasant croquette.  Both the soup and the croquette had wonderful flavor and texture.  Great start to the meal.

1st course - Maine lobster salad.  This was one of my least favorite courses, simply because I don't really like mayo.  However I realize mayo is an important part of lobster salad and I think this course was objectively very good.  I loved the apple-champagne vineagrette and cherry tomatoes.

2nd course - Pan seared U-10 scallop over potato mousseline with veal jus.  This was tied with the foie for my favorite course.  Scallop was cooked perfectly.  Potato mousseline was amazing (like mashed potatoes but with a better flavor and thicker texture) and veal jus had great flavor and was the perfect complement to the scallop and potatoes. There was also a delicious crispy potato chip-like thing stuck in the potato mousseline.

3rd course - Sauteed steak of foie gras topped with toasted pistachios and served over dried quince and quince sauce.  This was a really big highlight for me, coming from California where foie is banned.  The foie was smooth and buttery and had a perfect flavor.  The sweet quince was the perfect pairing and the crunchy pistachios provided a nice texture contrast.  The piece of foie was HUGE too.  Definitely the best foie steak I've had and tied only with Jean-Georges' foie gras torchon for the best foie I've ever had.

4th course - Choice of halibut or lamb (or wagyu beef for a huge supplement).  I had the halibut, my husband had the lamb.  This was probably my least favorite of the courses, probably just because I was getting full and it was a less unusual thing.  Still the halibut was cooked well and I loved the creamy sauce on the asparagus (the asparagus themselves were too thick for my liking).  The portion was big and I could only eat about half of it because I knew I had to save some room for dessert.  My husband liked his lamb.

5th course - Dessert. You can choose anything from their dessert menu (about 8 options).  I had the warm chocolate fondant with banana caramel ice cream.   The chocolate cake was excellent, I wasn't as big a fan of the ice cream (I though the combo was weird and I probably would have preferred plain banana or caramel ice cream).   I was also stuffed beyond belief.  I brought half of the cake home and it reheated pretty well the next day.  My husband didn't really like any of the options so he asked for and was given plain vanilla ice cream.

Mignardises - An assortment of about 6 treats, including a dark chocolate ganache candy, a chocolate truffle, a white chocolate truffle, a meringue, a jelly, and a little fruit biscotti.  We had to take these to go.

Farewell gift - A really nice Picasso box with two banana chocolate chip mini-muffins for breakfast the next day, and it was given to both of us, not just me.

Overall,  we got a LOT of food and I really couldn't find fault with any of it.  Some courses blew me away more than others, but nothing was bland or prepared incorrectly.  It was really an A+ meal from start to finish.  I loved the ambiance and decor of the dining room, with real Picassos on the walls (they encourage you to photograph them!) and, even from the inside, a nice view of the Bellagio fountains, which went off about 8 times during our 2 hour meal.  Service was really excellent as well, although I was a little surprised they didn't ask about allergies (we certainly could have brought it up had we wanted to).  Highly, highly recommended for fine dining in Vegas.
