cNkm08qu--yjIY_NPxrS2g You go downtown, take an elevator in the iconic Place Ville-Marie straight to the top (more or less) and step into this much talked about Brasserie. 3 of the 4 walls are the showpiece, which is floor to ceiling glass with a view from the 43rd floor over Montreal. The design is sober, maybe a bit to sober but that's just details. 

Let's be clear that the service from start to finish at "Les Enfants Terribles" is top notch and attentive. Even how they take care of children is to be commended. The staff makes you feel important and certainly not intrusive even if you do show up with kids, it is a brasserie after all...

When we get to the food it becomes a little more ambiguous. The food is made from quality product that simply tastes fresh, you eat the food and you say to yourself, this is really good stuff. Where I felt disappointed was with he menu itself. Sur the bacon was delicious, but I can have thinly sliced bacon anywhere. Why not be different and hit me with a really thick slice of hand cut bacon, or hand crafted breakfast sausage. I mean does breakfast potatoes have to be fried? That's a diner workaround to go faster. How's about a hash brown made on the flat grill. The same with the Fish and Chips, the fries and everything else, it was all so cliché and been there done that. I mean by ordering the Sugar Shack breakfast I want to be blown away with something special. If Martin Picard can take Sugar Shack food and push up into the stratosphere of awesomeness, so can Les Enfants Terribles' chef I'm sure. No POW! No ZING! No cranial detonations. It missed some imagination, it missed some finesse, it missed some flair. 

It was like having a canapé of bread and pâté which is delicious in itself but it needed that little dollop of Port jelly to make it go POW! in your mouth. The little details that elevate the simplest of foods.

But that was Brunch. I'll go back at night for the night view and the night menu. But for now, 3 stars, no more.
