COgwFthJpS4We16W5Gf4lw I have been wanting to go here after 4 years.

It's been a number of factors as to why I hadn't gotten around to it, but with a belated Valentine's dinner (due to my work schedule), I finally got to experience the restaurant.

I can honestly say that it is one of the finest dining experiences that I've had in Vegas.

The place is extremely "Old Vegas".  It just looks it.  It just feels it.  From every facet of the building.  Ambient with low lighting, it looks like a little French cottage on the inside.  The waiters wear tuxedos, and refer to their boss as "Chef".  The pacing of everything is leisurely (not that you should rush it - clear your schedule for the next two hours to get the best experience, as European dining is not rushed as it is).

Keifer was our server.  You want Keifer.  Keifer will take great care of you.

The missus and I got the tasting menu, a five course experience that is... well, let me explain it better through the food.

Course 1: Crudites.  Not a salad, but a big bucket of various fresh vegetables with a Dijon vinaigrette.  Everything tasted garden fresh and was plentiful.

Course 2: I tried a pastry filled with various seafood, and covered in some amazing sauce.  The missus has escargot.  Both were devoured instantly.

Course 3: Granite. French sorbet doused in champagne.  I nearly cried at this point.  Between three excellent courses, and the prospect of two more, I think I discovered that Heaven was actually a kitchen.

Course 4: I got the prime beef.  The missus got the duck breast and leg.  The beef sliced like butter upon contact with my knife, and came with fries and this rich gravy.  The duck was incredibly sweet and moist.

Course 5: I got dark chocolate mousse.  The missus got the creme brulee.  The mousse was rich and delicious.  You could just taste the cream in the brulee.

All of this went with wine, of course.

The tasting menu does offer other selections (check the website), just so you know.  The service was impeccable.  The music selections for the atmosphere were appropriate.  I got exactly the experience that I wanted from this restaurant.  This really is one of the "Top 3" dining places that I've experienced in Vegas.

There are meals that are simply made, and then there are meals that are crafted.  Pamplemousse understands and respects food as an art form.

If you have not been as of yet, set aside the money and time to go.  I often make glib, witty comments about places I venture to, but I can only say this for here: Go.  Just go.
