COgwFthJpS4We16W5Gf4lw This restaurant is exactly the kind of place you want to go if you're looking for a taste of Paris. The service is exquisite, our waiter was knowledgeable about every aspect of the restaurant, from the history to how every dish is prepared. He's amazing.

Ordered from the Summer 5-course prix fixe menu and it was difficult choosing from the many options. 

The basket of crudites were delicious with a variety of fresh vegetables to choose from. The french bread and butter was the perfect accompaniment to it. 

Ordered wine, Bordeaux Meritage, it was really nice and went perfectly with dinner. 

For my second course I had the Bouchee de Fruits de Mer. The crust was so flakey and the cognac lobster bisque sauce that it sat in was mouth watering. The shrimp, scallops and mushrooms were done perfectly. It was just an amazing dish.

One issue I had was that the waiter kept taking my basket of crudites and I actually wanted to keep it on the table for the entire meal. It was so good! He probably knew I'd try to throw the basket in my purse for the ride home. Yum, yet, STOP. LEAVE THEM THERE. Eh, worse things have happened.

For the third course, it was the only choice, I had the Pamplemousse Granite'. It was essentially sorbet sitting in champagne. I'm not a big fan of champagne, but the sorbet was so delicious I didn't even notice it.

Now this is where the foodgasm started to lose it's merciless grip: I ordered the prime rib eye steak with pomme frites. The steak was so tough I couldn't even cut it. While it was cooked perfectly (well, the inside was rare and red like it should have been), the outside tasted like a very cheap cut of meat. I was very disappointed. The frites, also, were just regular, almost McDonald's-like, french fries. I should have gone with the salmon like I wanted to. Yuck.

Thank goodness the food gods wanted to make it up to me; they brought me Belgium dark chocolat mousse (their spelling). If you like chocolate on any level, this will blow your taste buds into the stratosphere. The dark, rich, creamy, almost velvety mousse was enough to make me wish I'd skipped even the crudites to get to this magnificent display of MOUSSENESS. I know, that's not a word (it is NOW!), but I can't begin to even possibly adequately describe what this dessert tasted like, except pure Belgian chocolate goodness. A goodness that comes from the tears of babies and puppies and also lollipops. It was THAT good. Eat it. Eat it before I do.

Get here, it's actually a perfect little off-strip gem that you'll keep going back to. Also: great special occasion place, amazing ambiance.
