COgwFthJpS4We16W5Gf4lw I don't give out many 5 star ratings.  And, there really are a few minor negatives I will discuss but it has been a long time since I have dined at a place that prides itself on pleasing the customer with top notch food and service.  You won't find billboards or flyers advertising this place.  They have been there for 37 years and mostly word of mouth fills the place.  Frank Sinatra dined there often enough they made some of the walls bullet proof for him.

The area of town is not so desireable and you would pass this place 100 times from the look of the outside.  However once you enter you are transported into the rat pack era with photos of 50's and 60's stars donning the walls and a soft lit room with warm welcoming tables greeting you.  Our waiter was the best.  Friendly, efficient, and full of stories he helped us decipher the menu which is mostly french quisine.  

I opted for the 5 course fixed price menu, a reasonable 46 dollar price tag got me my share of a large basket of fresh veggies and lettuce (make your own salad), a shrimp and scallop appetizer that could have been my main dish elsewhere, a muse bouche, a lamb shank so tender it fell off the bone just from looking at it, and a chocolate mousse desert that was very good.  The Coq Au Vin my wife ordered with her $38.00 four course meal (no muse bouche) was also excellent.

The meal took almost 3 hours and we never felt rushed.  The waiter shared stories about the history of the restaurant and we truly enjoyed his attentiveness.  

The meal wasn't perfect, the mashed potatos were overdone and too cool when they arrived and the french fries for my daughter were soggy.  Other than that, everything was amazing.  This is a great date place.  I wish they had kids items but they are very willing here to modify the dishes to accomodate kids tastes, (they have filet and shrimp skewers and they made them with just shrimp for my daughter) or the picky eater (they made the lamb chops without sauce for my mother).

don't be afraid to ask and definitely give this place a try.
