0q_BHpxbikVtPRRLRu-U0g Picasso is a two Michelin star restaurant run by chef Julian Serrano located downstairs in the Bellagio Hotel with windows that overlook the gorgeous lake and fountains. The dining room is filled with millions of dollars of original art from Picasso including paintings and ceramics. There is a bar if you need to get a quick bite or don't have a reservation. You definitely want to have reservations as every table was full on Saturday night and since this is a fine dining establishment give yourself plenty of time to enjoy your meal, at least 2 hours if not more.

My husband ordered the Prix Fixe menu ($118) and I thought that the Degustation (tasting, $128) menu had fewer courses so that's what I ordered. Turned out I was wrong!  They have an extensive wine and cocktail list but we both ordered the Sommelier Wine Pairing and were not disappointed. 

The bread selection was lovely and the green olive bread that I ate was delicious. I am a bread girl but tried to control myself so that I had room for everything that was to come!

From the Degustation Menu:
Amuse bouche: Vichyssoise soup served with a flash fried cheese which was tasty.
Maine Lobster salad
Seared scallop (I was a little disappointed with this dish and felt like it lacked flavor)
Warm Quail salad (they allowed me to substitute instead of the Foie Gras)
Roasted Lamb Tournedo (This was the highlight of the meal and melted in my mouth!)
Chocolate Fondant
Petit Fours
Gift: two banana muffins to take home in a lovely gift box

Prix Fixe Menu included the Amuse Bouche, Petit Fours and the boxed gift of muffins.
Pea Soup
Ruby Shrimp
Maine Lobster
Devil's Food Cake with Strawberry Cheesecake Ice Cream


The service was perfect and everything arrived in a perfectly timed procession. The servers and the sommelier were friendly and not snooty as you can sometimes find in restaurants at this price point.

The website suggests dressy attire and we dressed to impress but noted that others seemed to have just wandered into the restaurant from the casino and didn't know about the dress code.

Children over the age of 5 are welcome in the restaurant which helps ensure that the ambiance is not disturbed by cranky, tired toddlers.

I always have to check out the bathrooms in fancy restaurants and this one is super fancy with real cloth towels.

We've eaten at all of the top restaurants in Las Vegas now and will definitely return to Picasso at some time in the future. Overall the delicious food, romantic ambiance and top notch service will bring us back!
