COgwFthJpS4We16W5Gf4lw Oh la la! Pamplemousse is so fancy and so French, but not in a snooty way at all!  This is very much a Vegas throwback to the days of yesteryear.

I have visited Pamplemousse (which is Grapefruit in French, in case you were wondering) on several occasions.  I had heard about the place growing up in Vegas and was excited the first time I ate here, as well as the other visits I have made to this restaurant.  It is definately a different dining experence than what I am used too, but it was fun.  This restaurant is one of those places from Vegas' heyday that you always hear about.  Bobby Darin (the singer) actually envisioned the resturant and helped it get it started! Don't you just love Vegas trivia?  So yes, this place has some history to it, which is rare in this town.  

The wait staff here are what make the place special.  They have a ton of stories about the place and really make the whole dining experience come to life.  If you are lucky enough to get Keifer as your server, you will hear all about the stuff that went down in those walls.  It is fun to hear stories about Frank Sinatra and Debbie Reynolds and all of the celebrities of the past.  I am a youngin' and wasn't in Vegas back then, but I love the history of this town, especially juicy gossip!  

Everything I have tried here has been really quite good.  It isn't going to be your fancy, ultra modern French food that you find in restaurants today, but I think they cover the classics of the cuisine.  If you like escargot or haven't ever tried it and want too, try it here.  I really enjoyed the way Pamplemousse prepared it...I mean it was soaked in butter and garlic, what isn't to love?  My foodie friend loves the Coq au Vin and has gotten it both times were have gone together. I always get the steak because I am all about the meat, but the bites I have sampled from friend's dishes have always been yummy.

Pamplemousse is located off of the Strip and doesn't even look like a restaurant, so you have to keep your eyes open for it when you are driving by, otherwise you will miss it for sure.  It is right off of Sahara at the entrance to a neighborhood, so keep that in mind when you are visiting for the first time.  Also, it is a small place, so I would recommend getting some reservations.  They are on OpenTable, so you can even gets your self some points booking it yourself, if you have an account  (OT is free, so get an account, if you don't have one already!).  You can even request Frank Sinatra's table if you want.  It isn't always available, but worth a try anyway.  Pamplemousse also pops up on Groupon from time to time, so check there too, because it never hurts to save some cash.
