COgwFthJpS4We16W5Gf4lw I wanted to love this place so bad ...  Where do I start?  Okay, the good.  The service by the Asian guy was great!  So attentive!  And as for the French guy, well ... A little strange ...  We walked in and we heard someone say in the kitchen: party of 4 is here.  (I made reservations about a week ago.). Then the French guy walked up... 

Me: I made reservations for 4.  
French guy: From parking lot?
Me: huh?
French guy: Did you just make it from the parking lot?  (He then looked at a clip board)... Oh my apologies.  Sometimes people make the reservations from the parking lot when they get here to ensure they have a seat.
Me: *scratching my head*

Mind you, by this time the joint was empty, so who cares if we had reservations or not?!

Okay, we then were seated.  We all ordered the pre fix menu for $38 each.  BF and his sister had witchcraft beer.  They said it was okay.  The basket of vegetables and bread was okay although they kept it always filled.  I would have like the bread to be warm though...
My garlic cream soup was good!  Bf's escargot was okay.  And the pate got good reviews.  The lamb got good reviews also.  The veal not so much. (Probably bc it was made from baby cow!  Boycott veal!). My vegetarian pasta with red sauce was okay.  Mouse was delish, and so was the soufle.

Price was $179 for 4 people.  I had a groupon, so we got $50 off of that.  Now get this?  French guy borrowed my iPhone to redeem the groupon.  Not a good idea. I got my phone back in a few minutes-covered w/some sort of food.  Cake?

Then our interesting meal ended.  Or so I thought...  10 minutes later, we were driving toward the strip, when the French guy called us on my phone.  

He was frantic:  "You took the credit card slip that we need!"
Me: "Are you sure?  We don't have it."
French Guy:  "Yes, we need it back."
Me:  "Okay, turning around."
French Guy:  *long pause*. "Oh, I'm terribly sorry.  The bus boy just brought it over here."

*sigh*. Probably won't be coming back.  Too strange of a dinner.
