Cr4ipI-tr-R8Q0NilkWNkA atmosphere:  5
service: 6+
food:   8+!!!

Wow - this place is PHENOMENOL!!!! Definitely dress up coming up here - suits and dresses.

The cocktail lounge is pure awesomeness. We were with a wedding party - and it was just awesome! My daughter got addicted to the dance floor zone and was dancing her little heart away on the flashing colors. What better way to wear her energy out to the beat of the background music?!?!

And for those who want require or prefer "virgin" drinks - I would strongly recommend the Virgin Mojito! They made one for me with mango juice, lime, mint, and club soda - DEEELICious!!! And for the tiny ones in tow - they are extreeeeemely accommodating to making beverages your little ones are sure to love! (yes not the best environment for a toddler, but like I said, we were with a wedding party - so have to give props for that factor as well).

Ok - now one will have to use the loo at any given point hanging out anywhere. Ummm yeah - I'm writing about it - because it was my first experience of having a full window view while sitting on the you know what!!! I was initially going to shoot for the first door - but the service cleaning lady, pointed me very kindly to the other ones with the view. And sooo, it's a bit awkward at first, but ya get over it.

Now to the restaurant side - wow! Talk about night and day difference! While the lounge is very dark (black furniture, black floors, black walls floor to ceiling), the restaurant side is everything white!! Our seating area was under the staircase - and they have these awesome heavy glass blown bulbs surrounding the dining area to give a more intimate feel. There are plenty of seats outside this area for more happy diners, and even the Eggshell seats (for those intimate dinners you want with your loved one).

Since we were with a group - we didn't have the big menus, but a preselected menu option. Starters: Mixed Green Salad with a Sherry Vinagrette. YUM! Very light and the dressing was a perfect amount. My daughter was loving it so much she was diving both hands into the bowl to get all her yummy salad morsels. (She ended up eating half an adult portion of the salad - and LOVED every bite of it!) Our entree choices were Seared Tuna, Marinated Free Range Chicken, or Braised Wagyu!! Hubby and I both opted for the Wagyu since neither one of us have had it before - and boy we were NOT disappointed! The meat was sooo tender you didn't even need a knife to cut through! The meat was just sliding apart! Now for the wee tot we got her her very own yummy gourmet mac 'n' cheese. Normally our daughter will share - we had to bribe her to share her mac 'n' cheese with us! And lemme tell ya - it was AWESOME!

Now to the dessert - Cocunut lime sorbet, with a fancy crumble on the bottom with a homemade chocolate candy bar plated on the other side. One word: YUUUUUUMMMMYYYYY!!!! It's light and crunchy and chocolatey. What more can i say?

Service - impeccable. Everyone aims to please you here, and you are not disappointed.

The view is definitely more spectacular as the sun sets, and the city lights start to pop out. So do enjoy!
