Cr4ipI-tr-R8Q0NilkWNkA Amazing decor, amazing view, great food across the board.  I had to knock off a star because, honestly, our waiter was terrible, not just at this pricepoint, but even if he was a waiter for Applebees.  He was a nice guy and trying hard (I guess?) but he was shockingly bad, like, unacceptably bad at a place this nice.  I mean, he was comical... dropping forks, plates, bumping into fellow waiters, etc... multiple times.  I used to wait tables as a teenager and I was never so clumsy.

Anyway...

We had a reservation for 7:00pm on a weekend, we were seated promptly on the outdoor porch area, ordered some amazing apps.  We had a party of about eight, two of which didn't have water.  We had to ask the waiter a couple times for the water, which he kept forgetting.  We finally found the guy who gave us the bread (amazing variety) and he took care of it right away.  The waiter then went MIA.  We finally had the buser (the bread guy) flag him down and he came back over to take our orders around 7:30.  I only ordered a Diet Coke to drink (too tired for any alcohol).  He never brought it, went MIA again.  

We waited and waited and waited for our food.  Tables seated around us were getting their food and beverages before us even though they were seated long after we were, so I know the kitchen wasn't slow.  

We started walking around the restaurant and got talking to the manager, who was so ridiculously nice.  We were admiring the wine cellar and he took us in to show us, which was so cool of him.  That was definitely a really cool note of the night.  

We finally got our food, no joke, at 8:45.  That would normally be fine if people were getting their drinks filled and so on.  

Still no Diet Coke.  

The food arrived at 8:45, I reminded the waiter of my Diet Coke, he said he's be right on it.  I ordered the cod.  Uh-mazing.  Everyone's food was spot on.  We were starving so we 'enjoyed' our food a little more quickly than usual, done probably in 15-20 minutes.  

No Diet Coke still.  Our of principle, I told one of the busers that I ordered a Diet Coke which I never received... and I had it within a minute.  Top notch on that end.  

With all of that said, one terrible waiter couldn't deter an amazing nice of good food and conversation in a great place.  If we had any other waiter, it would be five stars.  I know for sure that other tables had top notch waiters, which is expected at a place like this.  Ours, unfortunately, was in way over his head.  

Paying the bill was the same thing... trying to track him down... waiting for the receipt to sign... then waiting for him to take it up.  We didn't get out of there until, literally 10pm.  

HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.  Get away from the pretentious, overpriced places in the middle of the strip and enjoy a night out here, trust me on this - just avoid our waiter ;)
