Cr4ipI-tr-R8Q0NilkWNkA For the restaurant, we came here for Christmas night, and we ended up getting a 5 course dinner for each of us, shall we begin?
Now we were concerned/apprehensive with ordering the menu that we did because it was so much food, however, the waiter ensured us that the dishes would be appetizer sized. (He was very nice, by the way) Oh my goodness, boy, we should've gone with our gut instinct.
Our dinner included...
Foie Gras (excuse my spelling): Buttered toast with Foie Gras and Pear Chutney and fleur de sal (salt) and peppercorns. Together, it was so delicious, the pear chutney was a little sweet on its own, however, in the mix it was delicious. The dish began to get a little salty towards, the end, so just ease up on the salt, and it was super rich and the liver was really rich, so delicious. My favorite dish!
Lobster Angel Hair: The angel hair was cooked perfectly, and the cream sauce was a little too rich, especially with the huge hunks of lobster it was served with.
Veal: So perfectly cooked, it was really tender, and just slightly pink. The sauce was really fatty and rich, and it was served with slow cooked pearl onions, baby lettuce, and mushrooms... I skipped out on them because I was so incredibly stuffed. (I actually ate the slow cooked baby lettuce, it was really flavorful but super mushy)
Eggnog: With nutmeg, and Grand Marnier. This was such a delicious creamy delight, however, the drink was supposed to be a palette cleanser....for freaking Santa Claus. This was another rich dish.
Lastlyy!! 
Bush de Noel: This wasn't your traditional one, this was a citrus themed one with vanilla bean ice cream, soaked sponge cake and orange sorbet. So delicious, but the cream exterior was wayy too sweet and sgary and the sorbet wasn't creamy, it was a little bitter.

 Long review for a delicious dinner, however the entire meal was terribly terribly rich, and I wish that it had a few palette cleansers and some more texture.
Let's just say I don't need to eat heavy food for a month after this...
