Cr4ipI-tr-R8Q0NilkWNkA Recommended by a friend to come here, I paid them a visit on my most recent Vegas trip. Have your cab driver drop you off at theHOTEL since the elevators to go up to the 64th floor where the restaurant is located is right when you walk in!

The minute that I stepped out of the elevator and approached the restaurant, I was taken back by the all white decorations. I love it! Absolutely sleek and chic. We were seated by the window. It's kinda weird how they have it so that your backs are to the windows but no big complaints there. It was nice to enjoy our meal and when we occasionally turn around, we were able to take in the view.

They started us off with a bread basket that includes 2 kinds of butter: sea salt & peanut. Now, I'm normally not a peanut butter fan but this was so good! It was creamy with a hint of sweetness. I would've been happy just eating bread with the peanut butter but wait! It doesn't stop here, it gets better!

I ordered the filet mignon rossini w/ foie gras and my date ordered the rib-eye with asparagus as a side. Although I enjoyed the rib-eye, I believe the dish worth raving about is the filet mignon! It came with mashed potatoes. The filet was tender and juicy at the same time. The foie gras just melts in your mouth and was so tasty! I couldn't get enough. Prior to ordering we had ask the waitress for recommendations on red wine. She recommended the Syrah which went extremely well with our steaks.

Our waitress was extremely soft spoken it was sometimes hard to hear her. I also felt the service was not as attentive as it could've been. The bus boy seems to be around our table more and was extremely friendly. I noticed he was conversing with other guests at other tables too. When he learned that we were on the trip for my birthday celebration, he got me a complimentary dessert which consisted of  sweet breads and nutella spread. So sweet of him! Aside from that, we also ordered the MIX candy bar which has coconut and lime sorbet. Totally worth it!!! The chocolate was sweet while the coconut filled made it a little crunchy. Perfect combination.

After our dinner experience we went to the lounge and wanted to step outside to snap some photos. Since Mandalay Bay is all the way at the end of the strip, you are able to see the view of the whole strip from the lounge area. We were stopped and told that only those with bottle service could be outside. WHAT? Lame... 

Overall, MIX has given me such a good experience that I will be back next time and will tell my friends to give it a try!
