Cr4ipI-tr-R8Q0NilkWNkA Let me start by saying that my experience at this restaurant was so good that I joined Yelp! to write about it.

We arrived about 15 minutes early to our 6pm reservation. After a nice trip to the top of THE Hotel in a glass elevator, we were sitting in the fantastic lounge that overlooks the Strip. The view is as amazing as everyone has said, and we enjoyed two very good cocktails which we then took over to our table when we were ready to eat.

The dinning room is a beautiful white with glass, contrasting the very dark lounge. We were seated on the outdoor patio, with the strip view accompanying our meal. It was a perfect night in the LV, no heat lamps were needed and it was a phenomenal setting.

Our server was extremely knowledgeable about food, and not just the food he was serving. He made great suggestions without trying to force particular dishes. Waters were regularly refilled and plates cleared in a timely manner. Great service.

We ordered a bacon, pumpkin and gnocchi appetizer. It was delicious, but I could have used a little bigger portion. Bread was tasty, especially with the house made peanut butter.

For dinner my wife ordered the scallops. She loves scallops and thought these were particularly good. I order the steak au poivre, which was heavily crusted in black peppercorns, accompanied with various veggies and cooked perfectly. Very tasty. The gruyere mac and cheese was also delicious.

For dessert were ordered the apple dish, Mix is known for its candy bar desert, but sadly I'm allergic to chocolate, so I had to settle for something else. The apple mulliere was tasty, but nothing life changing. I would say the best part of the dish was the green apple sorbet that accompanied it. 

Overall the atmosphere combined with some pretty tasty food ensures that I will be returning here. Two cocktails, an appetizer, a side, two entrees and dessert ended up being $177, but $50 was covered by the great deal on Restaurant.com. For $127 this was fantastic.

Even if the meal is out of your price range, I would recommend trying to make it up here for a cocktail and the view. One of my favorite of many, many experiences in Las Vegas.
