Cr4ipI-tr-R8Q0NilkWNkA First dinner of the New Year @Mix. We came for the view and the food and the restaurant did not disappoint.  

A private glass elevator takes you directly to the top while you enjoy the view on the ascent to the 65th floor. It was a little confusing arriving in the dark and walking thru a long bar/club area and then past the kitchens before we were greeted (a hostest was not present at the booth either so we were confused on where to go). However, we did eventually find our table. The decor is a curtain of glass bubbles with white and red accents.  This place looked ready for a great valentine's day date. 

Our cheerful and friendly server arrived soon after we were seated in our booth and was eager to please us. Throughout our service, he provided detailed descriptions about the dishes and knowledgeable explanations about how each entree was prepared.  He was as excited talking about the food as we were to try it!

We started with the crab salad.  It had all my favorite ingredients (fresh crab, avocado, cilantro, cucumber, etc) but there was a lingering bitter aftertaste that we could not place. It distracted from the flavors of the dish and we were ready to move on to the  next course.

For the main course, I tried the rack of lamb/tenderloin with a tian of eggplant.  The lamb was so flavorful and tender (prepared seared and then sous vide) on a bed of caramelized onions with tomato and the eggplant, tomato tian was bursting with fresh flavor that complemented the lamb well.  My husband ordered the atlantic seabass in a shellfish sauce.  Also well prepared (seared and then baked) with melt in your mouth flavors. 

Every meal should end on a sweet note and Mix reserves a whole page of their menu just for dessert!  I ordered the profiteroles for one.  It's 6 mini cream puffs served with some homemade chocolate sauce and a scoop of vanilla bean ice cream.  It reminded me of a "deconstructed" eclair. My husband opted for the signature mix candy bar. Covered in chocolate with gold leaf and delicate wafer thin slices inside - it's a candy bar to eat with a fork, if only to savor it a little bit longer. The lime coconut sorbet that comes with the candy bar is more lime than coconut and provides a tart contrast (maybe too much) to the delicately sweet candy bar.  Compliments of our server, we received another delight with a freshly baked lemon madeleine (served right out of the pan) to dip in chocolate spread to top off our evening. 

As you stroll along on your way out, there are bathrooms tucked away just before the elevator. In the ladies room, two of the stalls have floor to ceiling windows for you to gaze outside as you go about your business (I'm told there's a similar set up in the men's room).  It takes a moment to remind yourself that it's one-way glass and what you really came to the ladies room to do. 

All in all, dinner at Mix was a great start to the new year. 

Summary: Delicious food, awesome views, great service. Definitely would recommend to a friend and we will return again.
