Cr4ipI-tr-R8Q0NilkWNkA Very nice food and ambiance, but very very expensive. 

According to our friendly waiter, miX is supposed to comprise both heaven and hell. The bar uses dark colors reminiscent of flames, because as we all know, drinking is evil and alcohol is the work of the devil. The main dining area uses light colors without seeming bright or harsh. It's surrounded by a curtain of glass handblown balls that are supposed to represent rain from the heavens. A few of the tables are sheltered by a white pod that looks like something from Star Trek. We sat outside, with a perfect view of the gigantic glittering sign for THEhotel at eye level. I guess that means we were in Purgatory? 

In the bar, I ordered a $16 cocktail called Violet, which was fruity but not cutesy or too sweet. It was delicious and potent. When we sat down at our table, we were given a basket of different kinds of bread and proceeded to tear little nibbles off of each one, slathered them in peanut-butter (I'd say it was one part peanut butter to 10 parts butter) and very satisfingly ruined our collective appetites. 

We easily chose our meals - I had the pistachio crusted sea bass with parmesan foam and a side of "the best macaroni & cheese you'll ever have." The sea bass was fantastic. The mac & cheese was okay, but not the best I've ever had - everyone knows I like it cheap & gooey. I tasted some of my companions' meals too - bison in a peppery crust, duck breast, and gnocchi. All really tasty and beautifully prepared. 

Most of us didn't order appetizers because we were a little floored by the prices. My friends and I are Bay Area foodies, but this place was pretty expensive by our standards. The average main course was around $50, and appetizers were $20ish. 

But what really stumped us was the wine list. We saw one bottle in there for $36,000. Another one for $12,000. Those were prices for cars, not wine. We asked the sommelier to help us choose a bottle of wine in the two-digit range, and he found a nice Australian Shiraz for us. It was excellent wine, but I don't typically spend more than $20 on a bottle, maybe $50 if it's especially nice. 

All in all, we divided up the check among 7 of us, and each paid about $100. I'm afraid some people felt cheated who didn't drink wine or order an appetizer. I would have to say it was nice, but not nice enough to warrant those prices. It wasn't the French Laundry, yunno?
