Cr4ipI-tr-R8Q0NilkWNkA At the top of THE Hotel (not Mandalay Bay like some suggested) my party of ten dined here for a bachlorette/bday party weekend. Of the entire experience, I was most impressed with Mix lounge, which offers amazing views of the Strip and tasty cocktails in an outdoor/indoor lounge. I enjoyed a great lemon drop martini while waiiting to be seated. 

Here's where the stars begin to drop off. I was a bit thrown when the hostess at Mix said that they would not come get our party at the lounge or even give us some sort of beeper for when our table was ready. We came back for our 8:30 reservation (at 8:30) and ended up waiting 15 minutes while other parties where seated. It took a while for the hostess to even acknoledge us. It also seemed odd for a high-end, busy restaurant to only have one hostess.

Our table had two servers which was a bit confusing, especially since one server was great and the outher was lousey. The lousely server pointed out that we had (by mistake) ordered a half bottle for the table but when we asked for recommendations for a full bottle, he simply offered a name "under the Oregon section" and walked away. Doesn't seem much of a helpful recommendation, espcially with such an extensive wine list. It took a bit to thumb through and actually find the section where this wine was listed. 

To start the meal the table shared a plated of toast and meats with mustard and the ahi tuna with mango. The ahi was very good and small (I'd suggest the full order). The toast and meats plates certainly had toast...which was burnt black. The clever cook turned the burnt parts inward towards each other so the bread looked ok from the outside. The black toast was sent back.

Dinner was just ok. The majority of the table ordered pepper-crusted med-rare filets with sides. My steak came out visably medium, which I addressed to the 'good' waiter's attention. I ended up just eating it since it would have taken too long to re-order and my sides would have been cold. I tried the forked mashed potatoes, which were fine, as well as the wild mushrooms, which were also fine. Nothing mind-blowing. If your steak is lacking it's hard to get excited about the sides. 

Our fun waiter, though, was actually a blast. He was a "retired" chip-and-dales dancer that even did a spin and body roll to amuze the table while taking away our toast. You can't make this up!

He brought us a free pasion fruit dessert drink with coconut foam..which was amazing! I wish this was on the menu! He also served us fresh macaroons from the baking sheet with sides of nutella to end the meal (also complementary). While our one server came though, I'd say from the food experience, I wouldn't come back. Too many good food choices in Vegas to blow a couple hundred bucks on a meal here. I'll definitly be back for the lounge.
