Cr4ipI-tr-R8Q0NilkWNkA ***MIX provides a great view of The Strip and the service is very nice, but the food is below average when compared to fine dining spots outside of Las Vegas***

MIX is the second Alain Ducasse restaurant I've tried.  The other one was in Tokyo and it was decent but not special.  Occasionally, the food at MIX felt pretty good, but often the food felt a little below average.  The food tastes slightly better than nearby Aureole (and the service is better too), but MIX just does not feel like a great fine dining spot.

The Alain Ducasse name is definitely a draw for MIX, but the atmosphere is too.  MIX sits on the 64th floor of the Mandalay Bay and you get a good view of The Strip (best at night) from most tables; there are some obstructed views.  The dining room is nice--mostly an all white room with white tablecloth; there are splashes of red here and there.  The lounge area is different; it utilizes darker and more typical lounge colors.

MIX offers several menu options.  There is an a la carte menu, which features starters and entrees including several Prime steaks.  There is also a seasonal MIX tasting menu as well as a tasting menu comprised of Alain Ducasse signature dishes.  I decided to opt for the Alain Ducasse tasting menu.

(Sweet corn soup amuse) The sweet corn flavor was good and it was creamy, but it was way too hot--almost like they zapped it in the microwave.

(Assorted bread with butter and peanut butter) The breadbasket was a decent variety of options, but it was just okay.  The addition of peanut butter was interesting, but the actual peanut butter itself was not that great.

(Potato gnocchi, asparagus, mushrooms, aged cheese) The gnocchi was okay; it was a little doughy and I prefer gnocchi with a seared outside.  The asparagus was good.  The mushrooms were just okay, but I really liked the aged cheese, which was sharp and hard but still surprisingly creamy and not dry (there should have been more of it on the plate).

(Seared foie gras, date puree, lemon confit) I added this as an a la carte item to the tasting menu and the date puree was a good sweet compliment to the more salty foie gras.  The foie gras was not that good though.  It was a little stringy and it was not that smooth or creamy.

(Roasted Maine lobster au curry, coconut basmati rice) The lobster was tender, but it just lacked the softness and moistness you get at really great fine dining restaurants. The coconut basmati rice was nice and creamy and the curry sauce was fragrant, but the flavors did not really develop.  It just became a decent curry dish and nothing else.  And because it was such a big portion, it became kind of a task to eat (instead of a really great dish where you can't put your fork down).

(Filet mignon rossini, foie gras, black truffle) This was the main course and it was quite rich and heavy.  The filet was decent.  It was cooked okay and was juicy and tender enough, but I did not think the quality of the meat was great.  The foie gras was similar to the a la carte foie gras where it just did not have that velvety smoothness you get with great foie gras (the texture kind of reminded me of when you don't do creme brulee right and it becomes like scrambled egg).

The black truffle was not that great either.  It was probably Australian truffle and not the peak season for it.  This truffle part might be better in the winter.

(Mango puree) The first dessert was a palate cleanser and it was not that great.  It was mango puree and a soda foam.  It was just tart and fizzy and not that refreshing.

(Baba a 'larmagnac, brioche, blueberry compote, cream) This was a kind of make-your-own dessert because they serve it in parts.  The sponge cake-like brioche sits atop a good blueberry compote and there is very strong brandy on the side for pouring and a very good cream for applying, dipping and such.  As individual parts, this dessert was decent, but I did not really love it as a whole.

(Madeleines with chocolate dipping sauce).  I liked that the madeleines were freshly baked, but they were too big.  I wish they had more of a defined edge/crust.  The chocolate dipping sauce did not have a great flavor and was too thick.

Despite a lot of the food being mediocre, the service was very good.  The staff was pleasant and attentive and the food came out at a good pace.

Prices were high, but you do get a very generous amount of food with the tasting menu.  And because a lot of the food is rich and heavy, you definitely will not leave hungry.

I thought the service at MIX was very good, but the food was about the same quality as Mandalay Bay's other lackluster fine dining spot Aureole.  There is a lot mediocre fine dining in Las Vegas and, unfortunately, Alain Ducasse's MIX falls in that bunch.  If you are looking for better and more contemporary French dining, you should check out L'atelier de Joel Robuchon in the MGM Grand instead.

The Mandalay Bay offers both complimentary valet and self parking.
