Cr4ipI-tr-R8Q0NilkWNkA I had a great time at miX. I originally reserved for 2 people at 9pm. My horrible airport experience forced me to be 10-15 minutes late and not be able to change into a nicer outfit. They were very nice about the tardiness, assuming how the restaurant hours was until 10pm, and usually these dinners take long. My date and I were not rushed or anything during our dinner.

This place is beautiful! The bubbly decor coming from the ceiling made me think that I was dining under the sea. Yet I'm at the very top of THEhotel at Mandalay Bay. Our booth was facing the backside of the strip, so the scenery was more mellow and calming than the glamorous strip, my dinner felt extremely relaxing although I was rushing there and freaking out at the airport.

We both ordered the tasting menu, which had a spicy crab salad, seared foie gras, halibut, lamb loin, and the miX candy bar. I believe the entire table has to choose one of the tasting menus if any wanted to try it. My date didn't want to in the beginning since he wasn't into foie gras or lamb. Our server offered to switch out the lamb for the filet mignon for $10 extra. 

We started off the meal with a scallop ceviche. I enjoyed it a lot, it's very light, and the lime juice wasn't too overwhelming like most of the places that served ceviche. It was just right. It's interesting how they have some shredded raw mango on top, felt like some type of fusion going on here. 

I was enthralled by the looks of the spicy crab salad. Very detailed with different layers of ingredients stacked up, but I had too high of expectations on the flavors. I don't recall it being spicy or crabby enough. For spiciness, I might be immune so my taste buds are less sensitive to spiciness. I was a bit disappointed there.

Second course came about with seared foie gras with lemon confit & dates. I liked how mine was seared just right, where it's more rare inside. I love the aftertaste and the aroma from each bite. Unfortunately, I'm not too educated in foie gras, all I can tell you is if I liked it and met my expectations of it. I got to eat my date's piece too, since he's not too interested in something this rich in taste. His piece was a bit more cooked than mine, easier to slice, I just prefer a softer texture.

Third course was the best one yet, halibut prepared in chicken jus and vegetable blanquette. Every. Bite. Was. Amazing. My general perception of halibut is that it's very bland and tasteless. This dish had such interesting flavors in many different layers. The flavors in every bite were going under transformation inside my mouth. I seriously don't want to finish this dish because I don't want the experience to end. 

Fourth course was my lamb loin, with stuffed piquillo peppers and prommes anna. Portions were generous, or maybe I was just very full. The spices on the lamb loin didn't take away the flavors of the lamb at all. I didn't like the meat inside the piquillo peppers though, it was a bit too tough. Otherwise, the whole pepper was fun to eat; it's not the textures that were interesting but flavors of the pepper and the meat were well blended. The prommes anna was very crispy in the outside, you can feel the flakey texture with your tongue too. Unfortunately I was hitting my maximum capacity.

That's when they brought out our pre-dessert. It was a sweet drink with mango puree tasted sweet and sour, topped with some coconut rum foam. It reminded me of Thailand, maybe because of the tropical taste. The tart taste ease up the digestion, which was just what I needed!

And finally, the candy bar of miX served with coconut/lime sorbet. The looks of it wasn't too spectacular, just a bar with a piece of gold flake and two half nuts on top. Yes gold flake isn't too spectacular. I liked the simplicity of it though. It tasted like a Ferrero Rocher in a bar form served with the sorbet on the side. The combination is great. The sweetness of the chocolate is evened out with a light citrus.

Our dinner ended at 11:30-11:45. It would have been a nightmare if they didn't tolerate that 10 minutes of tardiness. In addition, our server offered us to their lounge with no covers. It was a great offer monetary-wise, but we were just in such a rush before that we were nowhere close in dressed properly for lounges. Maybe next time :)
