Cr4ipI-tr-R8Q0NilkWNkA This is a review for the restaurant, which I just walked out of 15 minutes ago. :)  My party and I chose to go for their better tasting menu which included four courses plus an amuse bouche and pre-dessert dish.  Here's the breakdown:

1. Amuse Bouche: Thai Coconut Chicken Soup aka Tom Ka Gai.  A nice touch, but I've had better Tom Ka Gai at my local thai restaurant.  Too much lemongrass, and not enough sweetness.  Not bad, but not great.

2. First Course: Gnocchi with Asparagus and Morels in a Cream Sauce.  I personally liked this dish, I felt that the delicate flavors were well balanced and a perfect introduction for what was to come.  My sister felt that this dish was a little on the bland side, but then again, she has a cold, so I'm not sure if her taste buds are fully functioning, lol.

3. Second Course: Roasted Maine Lobster "Au Curry" with Coconut Basmati Rice.  I was a little apprehensive when I saw "curry" and "lobster" in the same sentence, but this was actually a very unique and pleasant twist on how I normally experience lobster.  When dining at Gary Danko in San Francisco, my go-to dish is the Butter-Poached Maine Lobster with Risotto, and here we have a similar dish with an Indian touch...delicious!

4. Third Course: Filet Mignon Rossini with Foie Gras and Black Truffle.  I do love my Tournedos Rossini and MIX does it beautifully here.  My velvety filet practically melted in my mouth and the foie gras was richer than butter.  The chef was also very generous with the black truffle slices.  Definitely the star of tonight's meal!

5. Pre-Dessert: Mango Puree with Coconut Foam.  This light and airy precursor to dessert looked like a fancy cocktail served in a martini glass.  Exotic, fruity, and a refreshing palate cleanser after such a rich main dish!

6. Fourth Course/Dessert: Baba A L'Armagnac (Monte Carlo Style).  This was an Irish sponge cake drizzled with Armagnac and served alongside an airy vanilla bean whipped cream.  Decadent without being over-the-top, but I was still so stuffed that I could only finish half...what a waste!  Still, being a chocolate lover, I would have chosen a mousse or lava cake a la mode over this any day.  Sorry MIX!

I also had two glasses of the sparkling rose and an Irish coffee to accompany my meal.  The rose was nice, but the Irish coffee had such a kick that I could only finish half for fear of being unable to walk out of the restaurant!

The location, view, and decor was AMAZING!  I'm sure you've all seen photos of the "floating" glass bubbles that adorn the center of the restaurant.  The floor is also made to emulate a lace pattern.  Service was friendly, but unfortunately on the slow side.  It took them over 2.5 hours to serve us four courses.  Also, I felt like the price was a little on the high side for only four courses...I've eaten at comparable restaurants here in Vegas and in SF which cost about the same for 6-9 courses.  Nonetheless, I would still consider this a very good experience and is worth trying once.  But if you're going to do it, do it all the way and go with the higher tasting menu for the best the chef has to offer!
