Cr4ipI-tr-R8Q0NilkWNkA I was wary of Mix because of the mixed reviews(pun intended), and asked, when making our reservations, if the exec chef would be in that Tuesday night.   It would be our only Michelin restaurant  on this trip and I wanted to visit the Mix lounge next door.  We had an early reservation in order to make it to Le Reve, so there was almost no one in the restaurant, and there was still sunlight.   The restaurant seems to face east and west, so there was really no direct view of the strip, so the view was a little overstated.  The room was marvelous, with the thousand bubble chandelier--glass balls handblown in Italy and imported to Mix.  The service was attentive and pleasant.  We always had our water and iced tea refilled with smiles.  They served us a French butter and a chocolate butter, which paired wonderfully with the walnut bread provided.

We started with the spicy tuna salad, which was really a tuna tartare and the sea bream sashimi.  The sashimi had a popcorn garnish to add an interesting texture, and it was fresh, but we weren't wowed by it.  The tuna tartare though was delicious--you could smell its freshness as it was placed on our table, and we enjoyed every morsel of this dish!  For entrees, we had the tenderloin and the surf N turf, which was stuffed chicken with a small piece of lobster.  My lovely wife gobbled up the delicious lobster and had a little harder time with the chicken, which I eventually finished.  The tenderloin was small, but tender and flavorful and was one of the best steaks I've had--better than Morton's, but not as good as Jiraffe's.  For dessert, we had their signature "candy bar", which is kind of a combination of a cake bar with a crunchy waffle-like bottom--very good--and the decaf coffee had that nice "cigarette" taste to it.  

Afterwards, we walked over to the empty lounge and marveled at the view there.  It had a Northern exposure and you could see the Las Vegas Strip in all its gaudy magnificence.  We enjoyed our meal very much, and would like to return to enjoy a cocktail in the lounge afterwards.
