Cr4ipI-tr-R8Q0NilkWNkA The rating is really a 4.5. My boyfriend took me here for during our bi-annual trip to Vegas. What a great choice! First off, this place is, hands down, nicest decor I've ever seen for a restaurant/lounge. Second, the appetizers and desserts here are AMAZING. Third, the view is breathtaking.

Decor: 5
Food: Appetizers 5, Entrees 3.5, Dessert 5
Service: 3.5
Price: It's what you expect to pay. Note** We didn't end up ordering any drinks so I can't tell you how good (or bad) those are

Food: For the appetizers we ordered the tuna tar tar and foie gras (the bigger portion). The Tuna Tartar was delicious but theFoie Gras was AMAZING. The pieces are pretty damn generous and it sits in this slightly sweet sauce (but I like the taste of it by itself). My gosh, this really set my standard for good foie gras. I would come back just to order a bunch of foie gras for myself. For the entrees, we ordered halibut and sea bass. Now, I'm not a big fan of those two fishes to begin with so to me, the entrees were just okay. However, my boyfriend loves halibut and he said that it was cooked very well. Now comes the dessert, we ordered the Mix Candy Bar. YUM YUM YUM!  It's basically a chocolate, peanut butter and graham cracker (with other stuff I don't remember) bar with a lime coconut sorbet on the side. The rich chocolate and light sorbet really really complemented each other well.

Service: Our waiter wasn't the most attentive but he was definitely the most honest, which I appreciate. The downside was, he always seemed to be walking away and was always hard to track down. He was also a big fan of upselling EVERYTHING. Sheesh, please stop. However, the upside? He would straight up tell us whether something was good or not. I loved it. "Is this good?" "No not at all" haha I do appreciate that he didn't try to water down how much he hated something.

I would've given this place a 5 if the entrees weren't so underwhelming (maybe I just ordered the wrong things?) but oh well. I LOVED everything else

One more thing, when they ask you if you want sparkling or flat water, just say tap. I made the mistake of thinking it was tap and they ended up bringing over VOSS water which cost a whopping $10. $10 for water? COME ON now. I will know better for next time.

Obviously people come here for the view, which, from the restaurant is nice. But if you want the really good view, head over to the lounge area and take a look. It's easily the best view I've seen of the strip so far.
