Cr4ipI-tr-R8Q0NilkWNkA "This is what Vegas is all about" my fiance uttered as we walked into the Lounge area at Mix.

My review is for the Mix Lounge only.  It was about 8PM on Sunday night.  It was Labor Day weekend so we expected somewhat of a crowd.  Based on past yelp reviews I was eager to make it to Mix Lounge and didn't care what I had to do to get there.  Luckily, there was a huge wait at Burger Bar, so I was able to convince my fiance to stop in at Mix Lounge for a pre dinner drink.

Let me preface - we are NOT the clubbin types AT ALL.  Our preferences range from drinking beers at a local dive bar, to listening to top 40 at a swanky lounge sippin a cocktail or single malt scotch.  But the packed like sardines wall to wall club style where all the guys are dressed the same and the girls are looking for rich guys is NOT for us.  More along the lines of where Frank Sinatra would've smoked a cigar and sang to an intimate crowd.

The Mandalay Bay was super busy and we did see an overabundance of club shirts walking around.  I could tell there was some hesitation on my bf's face but I would not deterred.  I had read that the place doesn't really get crowded until after 10PM, and they don't charge cover until then either.  But even if you did want to visit Mix after 10PM, there are a ton of Mandalay Bay promoters handing out free cover and line passes throughout the hotel.  So avoiding cover doesn't seem to be a problem.

The experience to get to the Mix Lounge can be confusing I have to admit, yet exciting at the same time.  Mix Lounge and Restaurant is actually atop The Hotel at Mandalay Bay, and there is a cool red sign that makes it visible to the passerby.  We made the mistake of taking a right and heading towards the elevators to the actual hotel rooms (we weren't the only ones), as opposed to taking a left and heading to the express elevator to Mix.  Riding in the elevator was an experience in itself because it is literally on the 64th floor!

When we finally arrived, we walked through the gorgeous restaurant to get to the lounge.  The restaurant decor was soo beautiful - white furniture and flooring with white twinkle lights all around.  Dimly lit and something straight out of a movie.  Although we did not dine, and probably never will, it was an amazing sight.  We walked passed the kitchen and within a few steps - entered a dark room with awesome red chairs and lighting.  To the right - a huge bar.  To the left - the most amazing view of the Las Vegas strip, EVER.  We have stayed at the Signature at MGM Grand and stood on the balcony of our room.  We've stayed at the Palms Place and stood on the balcony of our room. But nothing comes close to the view at the Mix Lounge.  It truly is phenomenal - being located at the end of the strip allows you to see all of Las Vegas in front of you (Bellagio, Paris, the City Center).

It was basically empty at 8PM on a Sunday which is sad, but a plus for us since we aren't really into the crowds and the loud music.  And we don't like having to wait forever to get a drink.  We were greeted by super nice bartender who promptly brought us our beers (they do have Guinness and Sierra Nevada - and for $8 a beer we found that extremely reasonable, considering we had paid almost twice that at the House of Blues the night before)!  Unfortunately, we had a prior commitment off the strip and knew we had to drive - but if we hadn't - we would've gone for a stronger more potent cocktail.  They seemed to have a wonderful selection of alcohol, ranging from single malt scotches to a wide variety of vodka.

And then, we just took it all in.  Sitting at the bar, drinking our beverages, listening to laid back music, a view of the entire strip capturing our attention.  There were tables with booths in front of us - a very romantic setting. I could see ourselves sitting in a booth, just staring out at Vegas all night.  It was a surprisingly comfy feel for being a Vegas Lounge.  There is also a patio that you can walk onto to take a picture.  We took many.  In the very back of the lounge is a cool dance floor.  I am not sure how busy it gets busy later on - or how much the dance floor gets used - but it was a cool area.

After we finished our beverages, we reluctantly paid our tab and left. Again, our bartender was super nice and took our picture.  We then took the elevator we were supposed to use originally.  It's a non-stop express elevator that literally takes you through 64 floors in a matter of seconds.  It is located by the dance floor, and this allows you to avoid walking through the restaurant.  The elevator is all glass so on your way up, or down, you can see the strip all lit up and gorgeous as it should be.

All in all - we had an amazing experience at Mix Lounge. It was just what we were looking for - a breathtaking start to a Las Vegas night.
