Cr4ipI-tr-R8Q0NilkWNkA -Saturday night, (8/25/12), right before the dinner rush.

I had never heard of Mix restaurant until a week before I was invited to go there for dinner.  Mix is more known in Vegas as a bar/lounge with great views of the strip and is located at the top of the THEhotel, a part of the Mandalay Bay resort.  You can get up to the lounge by two elevators.  One is a great all glass elevator on the outside of the hotel that provides fantastic views of the strip and the valley beyond as the elevator whisks you to the top of the hotel.  The other is an inside elevator for those afraid of heights.   This outside elevator opens up into the very large bar area.  The bar also offers a balcony where you can sit outside and enjoy sweeping views while you drink and socialize.  You can walk through the bar into the adjoining restaurant.  The restaurant is a circular room done in white and chrome colors with contrasting bright red glassware and windows almost all the way around.  There are strings of clear glass balls hanging down from the ceiling that help to separate the space from the bar.  I suppose it is meant to look sophisticated but it instead it just looks dated, like a set from an old Austin Powers movie.

We started off with an appetizer of the chicken and coconut Thai soup ($16) and a half order of seared duck foie gras ($17/Full order is $32).  The soup had similar ingredients to the traditional Thai Tom Ka however it was watered down and bland.  It tasted as if an amateur chef was trying to replicate a Thai dish and failed.  The foie gras, on the other hand, was luscious and fatty with just a smattering of lemon confit on the top to balance the tastes.  

For dinner, we had the John Dory "Meuniere" ($38) and the Slightly Glazed "NE3" Pork Belly with spicy "mangavocao" salad ($34).  The fish was slightly overcooked and somewhat dry but served with enough fennel and tomatoes to cover the mistake.  The pork, on the other hand, was cooked well but very, very salty.  The mango and avocado salad tasted fine and was artfully presented in a small lettuce leaf, but did not go well with the salty pork meat.  I like fusion cuisine but this tasted more like throwing flavors together simply for the sake of it, rather than for the taste.  Perhaps they should stop trying to think up cute phrases to put in quotation marks on their menu, and concentrate more on cooking well.  We would not order either of these dishes again.

For dessert, we both had the home made ice-cream and sorbet.  You can create your own plate by picking any combination of four ice creams flavors, sorbets or toppings from an extended list of choices ($9).  I had the pistachio and almond ice creams with maraschino cherries and brownie bites toppings.  Your "creation" is served simply as two small (and I mean small) ice-cream scoops on a plate with two little cups on the side filled with your choice of toppings.  While the ice cream tasted fine, the maraschino cherries were straight out of a jar from the supermarket and the brownie crumbles were a tad stale.  You could get something tastier and cheaper at your local frozen yogurt store.  This is from a Michelin star chef?

The service was good and the waiter was attentive but there were several times when we had to ask for water.  To quote the waiter's own words, "it is a bad idea for a restaurant to use red glassware; you can never tell when the glasses are empty".  If only the restaurant management would note the same point.  Overall, the food was just ok.  But you expect more from a Michelin star chef.  Perhaps the executive chef is not replicating Chef Ducasse's dishes correctly, perhaps the restaurant is just a second thought to the bar or perhaps they are just hoping that you are so tipsy from the bar that you don't notice the imperfections in the food.  In any event, I would definitely recommend bringing your guests to the lounge to enjoy the view and drinks, but then bring them elsewhere to eat.
