0q_BHpxbikVtPRRLRu-U0g Perhaps I waited too long to come here because the food seemed too classical and not daring. Granted, chef Julian Serrano's award-winning restaurant is nearly 20-years-old and I did try to visit in 2001, but was told the restaurant was closed for a private event. Not that the food was bad or dated, but it took time for me to adjust to the traditional French refinement instead of bold creativity. When sitting down to eat at Picasso, think "attention to detail" to get into the right mindset and ask after every bite, "Can I taste the essence of each ingredient?"

The cooking is not about big flavors, but subtle clarity and detailed execution. I imagine that the kitchen is filled with immersion circulators to cook the food to the exact degree. Vegetables like innocent little carrots that were precisely between crunchy and soft or beets just tender enough to cut through, but not more.

The flavor profiles were not about unique or clever ingredient mash-ups, but traditional combinations like foie gras with apple or veal with potato. Even when straying from French into German cuisine, the deer loin was served with a tangy red cabbage slaw.

This is not fatty French cooking where butter and cream are the main ingredients. Fats coat the palate which block the ability to taste the spirit of each ingredient. The asparagus and morels came with a cream sauce, but it was very thin instead of heavy which allowed the vegetables and mushrooms to shine. The spring pea soup was more like a pea broth than a thick veloute - again to let the pea flavor become the center of attention. Even the dressing on the warm quail salad was fantastically light instead of heavy with oil.

Instead of dislocating a shoulder while hoisting the enormous wine book, I opted for one of the two convenient wine pairings (the cheaper $63 version) for the three savory courses. The pairing was a journey around the world with great explanations by the sommelier. The conservative pairings were consistently light compared to the food. The approach is the wine should be subordinate to the food. Boldness was neither for the food nor the wine.

Although the waiter was flippantly confident that our 7:00P reservation would allow plenty of time for a 9:30P curtain of "O", he was wrong. We arrived at the show on time, but had to rush through the petit fours and hustle through the casino.

The dining room was decorated with not just one Picasso painting, but many works using different mediums. Probably not a seat in the house that didn't have at least two Picassos in view. The one wall without artwork was the glass doors with a view of the dancing Bellagio fountains.

The attire is dressy with jacket preferred, but good luck enforcing that in Las Vegas. It's too bad. There are only a few times when playing "dress up" is encouraged - prom, red carpet events, and Vegas. Seize the opportunity instead of being too (casually) cool for school.

The restaurant is located downstairs from where the shopping area and the casino connect. Jean-Georges Vongerichten's Prime Steakhouse is next door. The simplest menu selection was four-courses for $118 with three to six different selections per course.

On my next visit to Vegas, I hope to slip into the bar for barrel-aged cocktails while gazing, not into my girlfriend's eyes, but at the large Picasso painting. Hey, she'd do the same thing.
