d482l58ho0_IMdFkXX1F5Q Where to begin?  Sat down with my wife and we had to wait 15 minutes before anyone presented us with a menu.  It was a food runner that actually brought them out to us along with water, bread, and a glass of champagne.
Waited another 12 minutes or so before our waiter appeared.  Never introduced himself.  Took our order and departed.  Our salads arrived and was fairly tasty.  As we were eating our salad I looked up and saw a food runner about 20 feet away with our entrees.  He saw that we were still working on our salads.  I made eye contact with him and I could actually hear him say, "oh, they're still eating their salads."  He turned around with our food and went back to the kitchen.
About 10 minutes later our waiter appears with the entrees.  But we are still working on our salads.  He ordered the entrees to be prepared way too early.  He placed them on our table and walked away.  My wife and I look at each other, dumbfounded.  Now we are forced to switch to the entrees before they get cold.  I ordered a filet and fries.  My wife ordered a flat iron steak with shrimp.  Both were HEAVILY seasoned with pepper.  Even the shrimp.  Not only were they over seasoned, but he got the order wrong.  I ordered a filet and he gave me a flat iron steak as well.
He never once returned to our table to see how was our meal.
Note:  the restaurant was at best 1/4 full.  Tons of open tables.  They were definitely not overwhelmed with a busy night.
The waiter was obviously not interested in us.  I watched him.  He spent more time talking with the female hostess than dealing with the patrons.
The food runners collected our plates and voila, the waiter finally re-appeared.  He offered dessert.  But we declined.  "Yeah, I could tell from the get go that you really didn't want dessert!"  That's some statement coming from this waiter.
My wife was going to leave a 10% tip, down from our usual 20%.  I stopped her and told her to leave only 5%.  The food runners were the only ones who were actually doing their job.
My wife wanted to write a bad Yelp review.  I went to the internet and that is when I learned that this restaurant was closing in 2 months.  It made perfect sense.
