d482l58ho0_IMdFkXX1F5Q Three of us, a biker, a runner, and a hiker, met for dinner last night (5/17/14).  The runner had made arrangements with the house for a tasting menu for the three of us with specific dishes included in the tasting.  More on that later.

The evening started with our dual appetizers of Torchon foie gras and Paté de Campagne Bourguignon. The paté and foie gras were excellent with some frisée served with them.  We each got two slices of bread on which to spread the paté.  

Following this, we were brought escargots spätzle with chicken oyster, garlic, parsley coulis, and hazelnut.  The spätzle was soft and very tasty and the nut pieces for texture were a perfect addition.

Next came a course of sea scallops on a bed of corn.  The scallops were cooked on point and this, too, was a very tasty dish.

The the Tunisian lamb chop with some merguez sausage with cousocus, lemon braised spinach, red pepper tagine, and some chickpeas.  The chop was excellent, perfectly rare, and the spinach was very good.  The sausage had a small bit of spiciness to it.  Another winning dish.

For the last main, we got the crispy duck confit with a petite onion ring, trumpet royale mushroom, and some swiss chard and a small turnip.  Excellent duck.  

We then went to our dessert course.  We had ordered 6 items--a cheese plate with 5 selections, raspberry clafoutis, black and white fondant, Gateau Basque, "Le Président", and Madeleines.  The five cheeses were: Pierre Robert Triple crème, Humboldt Fog goat, Petit Basque sheep, Pennsylvania Noble cheddar, and Fourme d'Ambert bleu.  The cheese plate was served with cranberry bread, nuts, and quince preserves.  The cheese plate was outstanding!  My favorites were the triple crème and the bleu.  I often buy Petit Basque so that was nothing new for me.

The desserts were quite good.  Standouts here were the Gateau Basque, "Le Président" and the black and white fondant with verbena ice cream. "Le Président" was a chocolate-hazelnut mousse tort and coffee chantilly.  The gateau Basque was a custard cake, brandied cherries, and vanilla Anglaise.   The texture differences of "Le Président"--the mousse tort with the bitter chocolate rings hiding the interior were wonderful together.  The gateau Basque was very smooth and quite a different cake than generally served.  With dessert, two of us had coffee and one had a single espresso.  

Throughout the meal, the waitstaff was excellent.  There was a little hesitancy with one server as the restaurant has only been open for about three weeks.  I was brought a fresh glass of iced tea before finishing the one I had.  Water was refilled during the meal.

The only reason I didn't give the fifth star was the mixup in the tasting menu.  The runner had taken the lead in contacting the restaurant about a tasting menu.  After some conversation, a list was sent and approved for our group.  However, two of the things we had chosen were not served and one of the appetizers we got, the scallops, was not ordered.  Additionally, we were headed from our lamb right into our dessert course skipping over the duck confit--one of the must items on our list.  When brought to the attention of our lead server, a manager came over in a short while and told us the chef was preparing our duck.

I know the restaurant has only been open a short time, but for a Daniel Boulud restaurant, when a menu has been submitted and agreed to, it should have been followed.  The serving staff was excellent.  The back of the house service needs some improvement.

I hope to go back and let this place wow me again because the food is outstanding.
