d482l58ho0_IMdFkXX1F5Q The food here tastes pretty darn magical but I couldn't get past how petite the portions were. My fiancé and I tend to share everything since we don't eat too much in one sitting, yet these dishes were barely enough for us to share, without being selfish! 

Also, we felt that the service was preferential to age. Our server pretty much ditched us for a table with more mature looking patrons - probably chasing a larger tip. It's extremely insulting to wait around for extended periods of time, looking around for a simple refill on our drinks and the check.

Other than those two setbacks, the food we tasted was very flavorful and prepared with extreme care. We started off happy hour with some bread and butter. The bread potion is small, but they offered 2 varieties: fluffy and crusty; they were equally quality and satisfying. 

From the happy hour menu (3-6pm daily), we selected: 

Prosciutto $8
La Quercia Ham, Arugula, Grilled Focaccia, Tapenade - the prosciutto was moist and wonderfully flavorful. Paired with a little bit of arugula and spread some olive tapenade, it was a perfect topping on the grilled focaccia. Portion is barely enough for 2 to share. Flavor rating: 5/5

Mussels Gratin $8
Garlic Bread Crumbs, Stewed Peppers, Parsley - the tiniest gratin dish with a wonderful garlic aroma arrives bubbling hot to the table. Spread on top of some crusty bread and it was delicious! The surprising taste of stewed bell peppers made this a different spin on the classic garlic and butter escargot. Again, portion is perfect for 1, yet stretching it to share. Flavor rating: 4/5

From the dinner menu, we selected: 

Sautéed rainbow trout $24 cauliflower golden raisins caper brown butter - the presentation was minimalist yet breathtakingly elegant. The perfectly cooked, crispy skin trout was topped with a light sauce with whole capers and raisin, also a two-tone purple and white steamed cauliflower design on the plate. The subtle sweetness from the brown butter was divine and really showcased the delicate trout. The hugest problem I had was, although perfectly prepared, the fish cut was very thin and did not yield a lot of meat. The entree portion was a huge tease and certainly not meant to be shared. Flavor rating: 5/5

I would definitely return for the incredible food, but honestly I wouldn't expect to get full; just a taste of excellence.
