d482l58ho0_IMdFkXX1F5Q My family and I spent New Year's Eve at DB Brasserie. It was nice to sit in a semi-private room. They decorated the restaurant with black, white, and gold balloons. I liked how you could order from the special prix-fixe menu and/or the regular menu. The chef gave us a traditional scone like bread roll that was semi hollow and consisted of cayenne pepper, black pepper, and covered in Gruyere cheese. It was delicious and had a kick. The servers brought out a basket with two types of bread - olive bread and baguette as well as Vermont butter. For drinks, I'd recommend non-alcoholic Ginger Beer garnished with a lime and a bottle of Ladera Sauvignon Blanc. 

For appetizers, I'd recommend the Tuna Tartare, Escargots Spatzle, and Heirloom Beets. The Tuna Tartare consisted of a tower with the bottom layer of tuna, the next layer consisted of avocado, mango, puffed rice, and topped with cucumber. Below the tower was Harissa sesame sauce. The tuna was fresh and the dish was delicious! The Escargot Spatzle consisted of burgundy snail fricassee, chicken 'oysters', mushrooms, roasted garlic, parsley, and hazelnut. It was sweet, savory, and garlicky! The Heirloom Beets consisted of roasted red and candy cane beets, citrus-herbed goat cheese, black quinoa, and pistachio sherry vinaigrette. It was a colorful dish and great combination of ingredients. 

For entrees, I'd recommend Sautéed Dover Sole A La Polonaise, Seared Sea Scallops, Roasted Half Chicken, and Seafood Linguine. The Sautéed Dover Sole consisted of filets of dover sole, crouton, mimosa, caper, and oscetra caviar. The Seared Sea Scallops consisted of three tender, jumbo scallops, celery root, hen of the woods mushrooms, and apple-pine nut gremolata. The Roasted Half Chicken consisted of a herb roasted half chicken and roasted garlic, broiled Brussels sprouts with pancetta and pearl onion, and marsala chicken jus on the side. The chicken skin was crispy and meat was tender and flavorful. The Seafood Linguini consisted of lemon saffron pasta, clams, shrimp, bottarga, and arugula. I liked how it was lemon infused throughout the dish.

For desserts, I'd recommend the Champagne and Caviar, Grand Mariner Soufflé, and Freshly Baked Madeleines. The 
Champagne and Caviar consisted of white chocolate cremeux, rose granite, champagne gelee, raspberry and blackberry caviar. I like how the fruit flavored caviar popped in our mouths. The Grand Mariner Soufflé was filled with orange and lemon zest and vanilla anglaise. The Freshly Baked Madeleines were warm, miniature lemon cakes with a crispy exterior. They were served in a metal basket similar to the one that carried bread.
