d482l58ho0_IMdFkXX1F5Q If Daniel Boulud's initials did not figure prominently in the name of this restaurant, nothing about it would have tipped me off that it was the creation of a world famous celebrity chef.  My wife and I both started with the onion soup, and we agreed that we have tasted much better.  It was light on the cheese, kind of one-note on the broth, and a bit bland on the onions.  My flat iron steak was tender and had some flavor, but it was not one of truly memorable steaks I have had in so many Las Vegas restaurants.  My wife's rib eye cap was tough and not very good.  A side of Lyonnaise potatoes was not good at all.  On the plate with the steaks was a large wedge salad, which I guess served as the side vegetable.  Again, not very good and we left these unwanted salads nearly untouched.  We split a dessert  - a trio of eclairs.  It was just plain bad.  Dry and flavorless.  We mentioned this to our waiter and he offered to bring us a different dessert, which we declined.  Well, at least the coffee was good.

The service and ambiance were better than the food.  Our waiters (they switched up mid-meal) took good care of us, and answered our questions in a useful way.  The room is very much a brasserie; if I had looked out the window and seen a Paris street scene instead of a casino I would not have felt out of place.  The fact that the restaurant faces on the casino makes it easy to find; which is not always the case when it comes to restaurants in the labyrinth of the Venetian/Palazzo complex.

Prices for some of the dishes on the menu were pretty high end, but there were less expensive alternatives available as well.  There was also a prix fixe menu with limited choices which was a pretty good deal, although we did not try it.  Our waiter told us that the prix fixe menu changes weekly, and since it is not listed on the web site you will be taking your chances if you show up hoping for that deal to sooth your pocketbook.

All things considered, I would urge anyone with a craving for French bistro fare to go next door to Paris and eat at Mon Ami Gabi; skipping DB Brasserie.
