D7CnTsm8SCmbQghz1ioPdw Came here for Valentine's Day and pretty much didn't want to leave.

I had read a lot of good reviews but nothing prepared me for the outstanding 12oz steak (AND salad) I devoured at L'Orignal...Let me start from the beginning.

After reading tons of good reviews, we booked dinner at L'Orignal and looked forward to our date night. The day of, we were, of course, stuck in a typical Montrealesque rut: parking was no where to be found in the Old Port, and we were already 15 minutes late for our reservation. A quick call to the restaurant assured us that our table would be held, and indeed, we walked in 30 minutes late and were instantly seated at our table. The restaurant was packed and the ambiance was romantic (dimmed lights, etc). We were quickly offered menus from which we chose an excellent bottle of white wine (I guess they can't take credit for the good wine, right?) and settled on the salmon tartare to start, the 12oz steak for me with salad, and the rabbit dish for hubby. The tartare practically flew out of the kitchen (service was that fast) and it was DELICIOUS. We then asked for a small bread basket and this, I think, was the only disappointment of our experience. The bread was dry (not stale) and kind of tasteless but that's just a tiny detail (given that they don't provide bread on every table automatically and that you have to ask for it). At this point, we continued drinking our amazing wine, and I started second guessing my order. Did it make sense to order a steak here when there were so many other good things I could have ordered? I didn't think I had made the right decision sticking with such a no frills dish and not venturing out and trying something exciting but what a phenomenal decision the steak was! When the dishes arrived, I was in awe at how huge my steak was - there was no way one person could eat all that meat (I did.) At the same time, I took one look at my salad and thought "uh oh. bad decision alright" because the salad looked boring and out of a bag (neither of which was true). One bite of the steak and the salad, and I was teleported to another dimension of heavenly goodness. The steak was a slam dunk, out of this work, hole in one, and whatever other way you want to describe its perfection. I couldn't figure out how they transformed a piece of meat into what I was eating without slathering it in any sauces or anything. It was just perfect. The salad was also outstanding. I don't know what magical dressing they created but it was light and flavorful and delicious. The two went together PERFECTLY. 

The review is getting long and I think you get the idea that you need to visit L'Orignal and order the steak (if you eat meat) to experience what I did but all in all, I basically can't wait to come back. Hubby's dish was great, and our dessert (a hazelnut chocolate mousse) was excellent. Prices were reasonable for the quality and quantity of food/excellent service, so 5 stars (well, 4.5 really because of the bread, but since I can't go with a .5, I'll round up)! Run, don't walk, to this place and order the steak with salad. You'll thank me.
