0q_BHpxbikVtPRRLRu-U0g I was completely swept off my feet by all the details that went into the evening my husband and I had at Julian Serrano's Picasso. 

We arrived for our 5:30 pm reservations. I originally had plans to sit indoors and appreciate the artwork as we dined. When given the option for indoor or outdoor seating, and glancing at the  spectacular balcony view of the Fountains of Bellagio around sunset hour, we did not hesitate to pick the outdoor option. We were seated at the table closest to the fountain and the sight and sound of the powerful and well choreographed fountain shows really added romance and charm to the evening. I glanced over at my husband and wonder if he orchestrated all of this, since it was our belated Valentine's Day dinner. Nope. Picasso was the visionary behind it all. 

I ordered the Menu Degustation and my husband ordered the Prie Fixe so we can try a variety of Julian Serrano's inspirations. I ordered The Blue Period cocktail and I loved it! I loved the inspiration behind the name and the subtle fizz and cucumber flavor. 

"Menu Degustation"

Maine Lobster Salad - Succulent lobster meat with flavorful vinaigrette, and fresh tomatoes, honeydew, and cantaloupe. 

Pan Seared U-10 Day Boat Scallop - Tender scallop seared beautifully and paired well with the soft potato mousse layer on the bottom. I took little bites of the scallop at a time to savor the deliciousness. 

Sauteed Steak of "A" Foie Gras - Hands down, the best piece of foie gras I've ever had. Every bite presented an explosion of fatty, savory, and juicy moments in my mouth. I still dream of that piece of foie gras today. 

Roasted Tournedo Loin of Colorado Lamb - Cooked perfectly medium as requested and so tender as I cut into it. I appreciate how the lamb flavor was very subtle and the meat was prepared simple, but so flavorful. The zucchini flower tempura was so delicate and fun to eat. 

"Prie Fixe"

Poached Oysters - My favorite of my husband's choice of dishes. The buttery sauce and caviar was a new fancy way of eating oysters for me. I've also never had oyster poached and it was really good. 

Foie Gras au Torchon - Not as delicious as my piece of foie gras but for some strange reasons, the sweet apple tart really paired well with the foie gras. 

Sauteed Medallions of Fallow Deer - Our first time having deer and it tasted just like steak but with a little gaminess. Cooked perfectly medium rare as requested.  

Service was impeccable. I personally thought the service that evening tops several Michelin rated restaurants I've dine at, which includes The French Laundry. Our server was exceptional and accommodating. I appreciate the outdoor heaters and how he was so kind to adjust it several times for me. We felt like the service revolved around our dinner where finished plates were taken away, new utensils arrived, and water was refilled (many many many times) all at the right timing. Everywhere I turned on my way to the restroom, there was already someone there opening the door or directing me. The service really made the evening extra special. 

There was one table that was getting a bit loud a one point of their dinner and I liked how our server approached them in a very professional and tactful manner. Usually when I dine out and there happens to be a rowdy table, the servers ignore it, and that affects all the other diners. I like how our server did what needed to be done so everyone else can enjoy their dinner experience. 

Thank you Picasso for a wonderful evening of food pleasing to the eyes and mouth, amazing service, and beautiful scenarios. You were the highlight of my Vegas trip and I truly hope to dine with you again. Maybe next time, we will sit indoors and not only savor the food art, but the actually Picasso art as well.
