D87tFO-R6U8f4-e0r4Zq_g Delicious crepes, and the feeling of Paris without the rudeness or dirtiness.  What else can one ask for?  

I have been twice to this establishment.  The first time we stumbled upon the restaurant after a walk through Yorkville.  I ordered a Diminique Crepe - brie, tomato, onion and basil.  Ultra delicious with the brie oozing out at the bottom over my hand, which I promptly licked off.  My partner ordered the Parisienne (with smoked salmon, dill and some other stuff), also delicious.  We tried the their house lemon drink, which I was not too fond of - I think it is an acquired taste.  We left satisfied and wanting more.  

The second time I visited Crepes a Gogo was this last weekend.  My partner and I had talked about going back after the last experience and decided to pick this weekend for a trip.  I ordered the Italienne crepe with tomato, cheese, basil and sliced egg.  My partner ordered the Cote D'Zur with goat cheese, basil, tomato and I believe scrambled egg.  The crepes were yet again delicious, although I thought my Italienne was a little under-seasoned.  We also ordered a bottle of apple cider, which to our pleasant surprise was the sparkling version.  We downed it quickly with our meal.  

The only downside of Crepes a Gogo is its small size.  It can get very busy and finding a seat at the table can be difficult.  Both times, we were seated at the window bar on tall stools.  It wasn't bad, but not as comfortable as the tables.  Both times, hoards of people walked in after us and stood around waiting for a seat.  You might want to check out this place earlier rather than later on a weekend.  

Service can also be a bit slow and disorganized.  Some of it is owing to the fact that there is only one person making the crepes over two stoves.  Each crepe is painstakingly crafted, making it difficult to meet the volume of people who descend into the restaurant for sit in or take out.

Probably the best crepes in the city.  I would go again in a heartbeat.
