D87tFO-R6U8f4-e0r4Zq_g Stopped by today after yoga and am pleased to see that business continues to be bustling at this adorable French creperie! I first discovered Crepes a Gogo when they had a booth at a Francophone festival at the Harbourfront Centre, then visited them at Bedford Rd., and followed them to this Yorkville location. Over the years, little has changed. The delicious food, authentic French atmosphere, and personal service are all still there. No live music on this last visit, alas. 

I had the Popeye (egg, mozzarella cheese, spinach). It makes for a perfect brunch crepe and the crepes themselves are light and not too spongey or dough-y like at some other places. They only have 2 griddles, so when it gets crowded, it might be slow. But nothing beats eating your crepe hot off the grill! 

Seating is tight -- this is a place to come in ones or twos, not in groups. I'd guesstimate the seating is approximately 15 seats. You can get your crepe to go (go) though, and there are some nice outdoors places to sit on Yorkville and Cumberland. 

As Wayne C. mentioned, painted on one of the walls is the phrase: "Il faut manger pour vivre, non vivre pour manger." I love the poster from Godard's "Au Bout de Souffle". Nice touch.

The servers are really attentive and sweet. Most, if not all, are bilingual and many are native Francophones, explaining some endearing phrases such as "now I bring you cappuccino with beautiful foam." And it *was* a beautiful cappuccino. 

I spoke a bit to the owner, Veronique, before I left. She told me about her creation - Limonana, a minty-citrusy drink that can be hot or cold. She makes and bottles the drink on the premises. She even gave me a bottle to take home! It is a sort of cloudy beige colour, and I was afraid it would be sour (I think lemon juice is one of the first 3 ingredients) but I was pleasantly surprised. It is light, refreshing, and sweet. It is now also sold at Pusateri's, Lettieri, Bonjour Brioche, MBCo, Chabichou, St. Lawrence Market, and several other delicious places in the city. As the website declares, "when life throws you lemons, add some mint... and drink limonana!"

*According to an article in the star, Veronique will be expanding Crepes a Gogo into the adjacent space previously occupied by Le Pain Quotidien! Stay tuned...
