Da6eZFThE9xanUAGNpZxAg We booked for a party of 6 at 6:30pm on a Saturday for my dad's birthday dinner as he asked us to take him somewhere 'new and cool' in Toronto. We picked here based on good yelp reviews.

The food is all tapas style, primarily meat and cheese boards, with a few other shareable dishes. We had a board of each with olives and shared the meatballs, kale and quinoa salad, short ribs, mussels and arancini. Most of us had the parmesan cheesecake for dessert. Everything was tasty. Good selection of cocktails, wine, beer etc. More crostini or bread would've been nice with the boards.

The decor is nice; it's a small place with character and a very cute little back patio.

Our server recommended we get 5 shareable dishes along with the boards. We got 6 as we wanted 2 orders of meatballs. Our meal for 6 was not quite $400 after tax and tip. I don't mind paying for a good meal, and maybe we just needed more food, but after all that (including dessert), I wasn't even full. 

The really unfortunate part was the service. On one of the first warm spring days we decided to sit outside on the patio. We asked our server if it got chilly if we'd be able to come inside. She said she'd keep a table for us and let us know if anyone comes in asking for it so we could decide. The service was extremely slow (20+ minutes to get a beer slow/our meal was 3 hours) and as the sun went down it got cold. Before we even got our main food we told our server we were ready to move inside and she said unfortunately someone sat themselves at one of the tables (we needed multiple tables pushed together to fit us and it's a pretty small place). She told us they were just having drinks and might leave soon and she'd let us know when we could move in. We asked another 2-3 times when she'd come out if the table was open (as by now it was late and really cold). We asked if she could see if they'd move to another table (it wasn't full) but she said no. We were polite and just made the best of it. 

Our server did apologize a few times that we couldn't go inside, but how hard is it to ask a people politely if they'd be okay moving to another open table so your cold party of 6 outside could come sit inside? Any reasonable person would be happy to move. That's just lack of common sense. At the very end of the meal, the owner of the restaurant came out with a round of cocktails on the house (an ice cold drink - just what we needed?). He apologized and said he wished he knew earlier there was a problem. A nice gesture but really, not enough to make up for it. I hate when restaurants offer you something you don't want to make up for a mess up. They should've offered to comp something we actually ordered.

Overall, pretty disappointing and I felt pretty bad for making a poor choice for my dad's birthday. This might be a nice place to go to just chill out for drinks and nibbles, but not for dinner.
