Da6eZFThE9xanUAGNpZxAg 3.5 Stars.

Decided to check this place out for my birthday and made reservations.  Located on Queen W this is on the smaller scale for restaurants but they certainly pack it in.  It's loud and vibrant in here so if you are looking for a first date place I probably would not suggest this.  Also if you care to hear your dining companions sitting across from you and not scream at them, well this probably isn't the place for you either.  

Unfortunately we still had to wait about 30 min as the people at the table before us were taking their time.  Once seated we were offered a group rate - for $30 we got 2 boards of 6 meats, 6 cheeses and 6 varieties of olives, each diner got to choose their own social plates (a main but more the size of tapas) and 3 desserts for the table.  Check with the server as it depends on the size of the group to determine how many social boards (the meats/cheeses) and how many desserts the table gets.

The meats and cheeses are all sourced from the restaurants and are interesting and unique - you won't find them in your local grocery store.  There is actually a lot of choice but we decided to go with chef's pick so we were at the mercy of the chef that night.  Which was a good thing b/c the meats, cheeses and olives were all distinct in their tastes and really showcased and highlighted the amazing food available.  The boards come with spreads/bread as well.

For my main I decided to try the octopus with the couscous.  This is why I had to knock off a star.  It was SALTY.  To the point I could barely finish it...and I generally like a little more salt in my food anyways...but this was too much.  Other people who had ordered different items from the menu (steak, calamari) also mentioned their food was heavily salted.  We kept having to get our waters refilled b/c honestly all that salt made us beyond thirsty.  Hopefully it was an off night for the chef b/c I would love to come back and try some of the other menu items but not if salt is the main cooking spice..lol

Service was pleasant and the vibe here is definitely a fun one.  Definitely make reservations - especially if you are a larger group.  Even at midnight when we were finishing up dinner this place was still pretty busy.
