Dcj69NZJnbJhK-YHP_nULA I've been here twice and found it a very comfortable place with good atmosphere and great, although egregiously overpriced, beers and food.

I have to sink its rating because of my most recent experience. I've never submitted a yelp review but feel others should know, for the sake of balance, that this place on at least one night had flaws in its customer service game.

My girlfriend and I were looking for a quick Saturday night bite and beer. I called Brasserie V and they said that while the kitchen was closed for the night, they could still give us a cheese and sausage platter. Perfect. When we got there ten minutes later, the bartender apologized and said they were totally done serving food. I'm pretty sure it was the same woman I had spoken with ten minutes prior, and we had based our decision to go there on the promise of cheese and sausage.

She kindly offered to bring us what she described as the last loaf of bread and olive oil for dipping. So we had five slices of bread and olive oil, which was better than starving. My gf had a glass of wine and I had a spicy beer. All was okay.

Then the bill came: $30.88. From my previous trip, I knew to expect to pay a lot for a little, so it didn't faze me. But my girlfriend pressed, saying, "So 30 bucks for a beer, a glass of wine and five bread slices?" I checked the bill and, sure enough, we had been charged $16 for bread. I was happy with the bread, but felt it was excessive, even by BV standards, to pay $3.20 per slice.  

I brought up the $16 bread with the bartender, who immediately apologized profusely, explaining we had been mistakenly been charged for the cheese and sausage platter. My thought: "$16 for cheese and sausage?" She then took back my credit card and fixed the bill, giving us our drinks free and charging us $7.50 for the bread. That brought it down to $1.50 per slice. 

What if I had not noticed or protested the bread charge? It seemed dodgy at best that she wouldn't have noticed such an inflated price before giving us the bill. We spent perhaps 45 minutes there, and our experience began and ended with half-baked customer service.
