Dcj69NZJnbJhK-YHP_nULA We showed up at Brasserie V with high expectations. Our friend had been ogling the beer list for the past three months, and the menu had some nods to Belgian cuisine, so we were definitely amped up about the place. We showed up and were told the wait would be 30 minutes. 

No problem! We'll just grab some drinks at the bar ... except that when we ambled up to the bar, the hostess informed us that we couldn't sit there because there were people who were waiting to sit at the bar. We told her that we were just ordering drinks while we wait for our table, and she settled down a bit.

We took our drinks back to our little corner and chatted while we waited. Our friend wanted to keep a tab open at the bar, but the bartender had already closed us out after one round.

Well, we sure felt welcome here.

And finally, we were summoned to our table for dinner! Our excitement was palpable. We were walked past two open tables ... so we could be seated at the table all the way in the back, by the kitchen. Maybe we weren't dressed nicely enough.

The restaurant sports an award for the best fries in Wisconsin. These are decent fries, but the best? I hardly think so.

The pheasant was good.  

The lamb ragout dish looked like an overpriced version of Hamburger Helper. There was a handful of pasta, and there may have been lamb in there, but we certainly couldn't find it. Hey, maybe dinner is a scavenger hunt!

The duck confit was a massive disappointment. I've had this dish many times at other places in other cities, and it's always very flavorful, moist and tender because it's been poached for hours and cooked in its own fat. How could this dish possibly be dry, right?  Well, it was so dry that the texture seemed like it was yesterday's duck, and that's being generous.

And then there was the steak. It was ultimately tasty, but we had asked for it to be medium, and upon its arrival, we poked the middle with a fork. It had way too much bounce to be medium. We cut it open to confirm our suspicions, and sure enough, it was still quite red in the center. So we flagged down the waitress and apologized. We didn't want to be difficult, but the steak wasn't done to our specifications, so could she please have it heated up some more?

Well. 

We were told that the steak needed to rest for five minutes to continue cooking, and we were at fault because we'd cut into it and now it wouldn't cook anymore.

We waited for her to offer to take the dish back, but that offer never came. So we acquiesced to finish up the steak as is, and it was quite fine, but we have never, EVER been held at fault for an undercooked steak. If a steak needs to rest, please let it do so in the kitchen, or tell me when you present the steak to me at the table that I can't touch it for five minutes while it continues cooking. If you set the dish in front of me, then it's ready to eat, not five minutes away from being done.

We might have been able to overlook the hit-and-miss food if the service had been good.  But when the restaurant makes us feel *THIS* unwelcome, we can take a hint. 

We won't be back.
