0q_BHpxbikVtPRRLRu-U0g Fantastic, Beautiful, World-class, Foodgasm... these are just some of the words I'd use to describe Picasso. Before you read the rest of the review ask yourself do you think of eating at a restaurant as a journey as much as it is a meal? Do you appreciate the amount of effort that goes into the preparation of your meal? Do you appreciate the lost art of waitering (probably not a word)? Then do yourself a favor and reserve a table at Picasso if you're in town. 

Starting with the food. Picasso is primarily focused on prix fixe menus. They offered four different prix fixe menus when we went in January 2015 for dinner. Two of the options were meat focused, the third was vegetarian inspired, and the fourth was a special menu that highlighted truffles. Make sure you take a peak at their website to see what they are serving if you're a particular eater because while you can customize your prix fixe menu a little bit there's not a whole lot of wiggle room. Also consider the price before you go since each prix fixe menu averages around $125 and some course options that require an additional upcharge on top of the prix fixe menu cost. 

Okay with that being said, the food is amazing. The chef started us off with a little something to get us started (leak soup) before we started our first course and it was a lovely little starter to get the taste buds going. The first course was lobster salad and it was amazing. The size of the "salad" was approimately the size of a small biscuit and primarily consisted of lobster meat, Delicious. The second course was a scallop on top of mashed potatoes in a veal reduction. I don't even like scallops but this was delicious as well. The third course was frois gras and this was the show stopper. Let me preface by saying I love frois gras. My girlfriend isn't a huge fan but she came away loving this dish as much as I did. The fourth course was a perfectly cooked lamb dish. Lastly, the fifth course was dessert. She selected the fig stuffed pear, and I picked a hazelnut chocolate cake. Both desserts were amazing and a lovely way to end the meal. When they bring the check out they bring several truffles on a little platter that we thought was cute. Make sure you take your time through courses because even though the portions aren't extremely large on a course by course basis, we were stuffed after all of our courses. 

Let me speak to the service now. The service at Picasso is one of if not the best service I've ever experienced in fine dining. Our main waiter took our order, offered wonderful suggestions, and accomodated us on our food allergies. Once we made our selections a runner would bring us each course as went and they described the dishes they placed in front of us beautifully. With the conclusion of each course we were given new silverware which I think is something that not enough restaurants do. By the end of our meal you gain so much rapport with your waiter that you wouldn't think twice about shaking his hand as you thank him for the experience. 

The environment of the restaurant was upscale and elegant. The restaurant is pretty large and if you're lucky you'll have a seat facing the Bellagio fountains. I knew they had Picasso paintings here but I thought there would only be one. You'll find several of his works scattered throughout the restaurant so coming here is just as much a cultural experience as it is a meal. 

Overall, I can't say enough positive things about Picasso. If you've made it this far in the review then I appreciate you reading but honestly you should just go. There's a reason why this place is rated so highly by the yelp community and even though it comes at a hefty price tag, dinging here is an experience no one should leave Vegas without. Think about it this way, a Vegas show could costs upwards of $80+/person for about 1-1.5 hours. This meal is a little more than that and will take up just as much time. Plus you'll get just as good an experience as a show. Definitely worth it. I know I'll be back the next time I'm in town. Enjoy!
