Dcj69NZJnbJhK-YHP_nULA Well, all-frite then.

I don't know the last time I had  fries, pardon me, FRITES (as I was corrected when I *gasp* accidentally called them frites. Shame on me) like this. And by like this I mean, "How fast can I get these in my mouth and is it embarrassing to want to lick the bowl of the remoulade sauce that came with them?"

The beer selection is unlike most in Madison (which in my book gives them a big-ups).  I had the La Trappe WitteTrappist which was light beer (in my book anyway) made with wheat hops, and my dinner date had the Topling Goliath Brown Sugar which was a more complex beer with almond and chocolate notes. 

Besides the gut-busting batch of frites my dinner date and I inhaled, we each had a solid dinner as well, with my date going with the pork shoulder (yumz) and myself (the faux-vegetarian) going with the standard burger. After trying the pork shoulder and eating my burger, I have to wonder, why do I rarely consume meat? Maybe the two dishes consumed here were incredibly delicious, but I am re-thinking my self-imposed limit on animal flesh.

The pork shoulder was tender and cask that it came out in was appropriately hot. The pork shoulder was seasoned to perfection and the sauce that it was simmering was divine. The burger I had was cooked just how I like  my medium burgers to be prepared, and the aioli sauce that was served along with the burger was flawless as well.

The cons to my evening, parking. I feel like everyone always defaults to "but its __________street though". In this case, I want to say, "Yea, but that's Monroe Street though". Which is where it is located, but parking is disgusting around there. Especially when there is packed snow and ice everywhere.  Even at 8 pm on a Sunday night, be prepared to hike. And potentially fall on your keister. Evidently living near Monroe street entitles you to not to have to shovel your sidewalks. The other thing to make mention is that the hostess seemed either a bit confused, or flustered. The place was crowded but she seemed overwhelmed. We were told 30-40 min wait so we went to grab a beer. She found us, told us we'd have a table in 5-10 min. She walked 5 steps away from us, turned out, then came right back and said there was a table right now. I am not complaining about being seated right away, but a bit more organization would have been nice. I wouldn't have minded sitting at the bar consuming a delicious beer anyway. 

I'll be back. If for nothing else, the beer and the fries. Darn it. Frites.
