Dcj69NZJnbJhK-YHP_nULA First off, this is one of those moments that I really wish you had half stars on Yelp.  I would probably give it a 3.5, but I'm feeling stingy so I'll bump down instead of up today.  

We went to dinner on a Saturday night with the in-laws that were visiting.  This was after many a reject of other restaurants that had too much "weird food" (their words, NOT mine) on their menu.  We got there at about 7pm and had a 45 minute wait for a table of 4.  Which was fine, although they didn't mention anything about sitting at the bar to eat to shorten the wait or anything along those lines.  So we waited around for our table which gave me plenty of time to scope out other people's plates and try to decide what I wanted to eat.  

So we finally got seated and to my delight we were by the kitchen and I had prime viewing of the kitchen.  (I realize that most people don't like this, but I like snooping into kitchens, being a culinary student and all)  I will say the service was a little slow in getting someone to our table, bringing water, taking drink orders, etc.  Not so much that it was like super annoying, but enough that I was wondering what was taking so long.  This is when I started to notice the curious phenomenon of there being TONS of people walking back and forth from the bar to the kitchen to tables, etc.  There were so many people working and I am convinced that they took the most inefficient paths to get places as they possibly could.  Am I the only person that finds it strange that the waiters don't use trays to carry plates out?  It took them sometimes 4 trips to get a table everything they needed, surely that could be cut down drastically.  Anyway.

We got an order of regular frites for the table per Yelp recommendations (definitely passing on the truffle oil ones, bleck!) and I ordered the Summer V Burger with the mixed greens salad and a wheat beer.  The fries were good, but honestly when I get fries at an actual restaurant, I expect them to be pretty darn good.  I wasn't blown away by them, but I was satisfied.  

This is where most people would then expound upon the ginormous beer list and talk about how awesome it is, but for me, I really only like a few kinds of beers and I found the list to be very overwhelming.  The wine list looked decent, but honestly that night I was really feeling a craft cocktail, which was not an option.  I mean, you go to Brasserie V for the beer, I get it.  I just picked the first one that the hubs said I would like.  And I did, but it didn't blow my mind.

The burger came  and was good.  I liked the combination of the tomato jam, smoked goat cheese, and the ciabatta bun.  The hubs and FIL got the regular V burger and theirs came on sourdough bread slices instead of a bun, which I found strange, but they said it tasted good.  I felt my bun was a little too much for the sandwich, but overall it was good.  The meat was cooked well and tasted awesome.  Definitely the highlight of the meal.  I can appreciate good meat on a burger, so definitely can recommend that.  The mixed greens salad it came with was a joke.  It was just lettuce in a simple lemon vinaigrette that wasn't seasoned and I only ate half of because salad is supposed to be good for you.  

We also got a chocolate caramel tart for dessert that the table shared which was also tasty, but not outstanding.  

Overall, it wasn't bad, but I wasn't super excited by it when I left.  The burger I had was good, but unless I was in a big beer mood, I wouldn't necessarily say we should drive across town to go there.  I think it's worth checking out the entree selections and maybe sit at the bar next time to get more advice from the bartenders about a beer I might LOVE, instead of just like.
