Dcj69NZJnbJhK-YHP_nULA No complaints here! Yummy food, plenty of beer and a warm and cozy ambiance make this place a winner in my book.

I was here on a date with my boyfriend and lucky for us we decided to come on a Tuesday night. I can imagine it gets pretty crowded on the weekends as it was busier than I expected it to be on a weekday. We were told when we walked in that it would be about a 30 minute wait for a table. We said okay and found a place at the bar. However right when we were about to place our order for drinks the hostess found us and told us that she already had a table open up, yay for us! 

So we sat down at our own little table in the corner. Like I said the inside is super cozy. My boyfriend and I both ordered a beer, I wish I could remember the name of the one I ordered because it was delicious. He enjoyed his as well, but I really can't imagine not finding a beer you like here! We started with the Frites, which were super yummy. I love freshly cut fries and the dipping aioli made them that much better. Then, my boyfriend ordered the Fall V Burger which he very much enjoyed. I ordered the slider special (which they have on Tuesday nights, along with $2 off bottled beer). My sliders were amazing. Every one of them had bacon on it which was cooked perfectly, super crispy without being overcooked. I of course can't remember the other toppings on them but trust me, they were so good. The burgers were also cooked perfectly which is difficult to do with sliders, and the buns were buttery and toasty. I'd come back on a Tuesday to order them again! 

Although my boyfriend isn't a dessert person, I happen to love it so I ordered a creme brulee all to my self. Of course it was delicious. There was a hint of cinnamon in the creme that I really enjoyed. 

If I haven't made it clear yet, this place rocks! I can't wait to bring my dad here who loves to try beer from around the world. Only thing they were missing that I would've loved to see was some beer from the Czech Republic. Other than that, I have nothing to complain about. Great place for a date!
