dd3GZs6zW2t7BM0cbxAzvg After searching and researching for a French restaurant open on a Tuesday in the city, which happened to be my birthday two weeks ago, I decided to make a reservation with La Palette. I wanted some typically French menu options at reasonable prices and was not interested in any type of Nouveau or Fusion creations, and I was certainly pleased with everything La Palette had to offer.
The place was packed when we arrived so I was glad to have a reservation. We were greeted and taken to our table swiftly and our drink orders were taken very shortly after. Their website lists all sorts of beers, so I went to the bar to see what they had in stock and ordered a Barbar - fantastic! My boyfriend is a basic lager kind of guy and they had something for him too. We didn't look at the wine list because we don't tend to drink vino when we dine out, and I personally love to sample any different imported brew I can get my juicy little paws on... of which they had a surplus!
For our apps we ordered the fromage fondant and charcuterie platter. The camembert was sublime! The moment you cut into it, it oozed all over the plate which was adorned with braised cabbage and candied walnuts, with crostinis on the side. Heaven! Each bite of the charcuterie was all equally as mouth watering as the last. It had an array of wild boar and duck cured meats, rillettes and pâté. Spectacular.
For our mains my boyfriend ordered the duck breast and I had the duck & buck. I can't remember what his was accompanied with but mine was served overtop of a bed of barley risotto with juniper berries and veg. Honestly and truthfully, after each bite of food we took we both uttered 'mmmmmm'. I kid you not. It was impossible not to savour and enjoy every morsel! 
Dessert of course was crême brulée, which was delectable but truth be told it wasn't best I've ever had. My only criticism of the evening would be about the brulée, which as others have mentioned should be served at room temperature. But if that's the biggest oversight of the evening, really, who cares? The overall experience was fantastic! I would highly recommend this place to anyone who loves typical French cuisine sans stuffy attitude.
