dd3GZs6zW2t7BM0cbxAzvg From the solitary table with a fluttering tablecloth sitting outside the restaurant displaying the menu, to the dim and cozy ambiance, this place is on my list of fave restaurants in the city.

Uh-Mazing.

My hubby and I decided to try this place out as we were looking for a new dining experience in the city. We were able to get same-day reservations and when making them, were told exactly where we would be sitting. It meant nothing to us at the time as we'd never been there before, but if we had, it would have been useful to know where we'd be sat.

I love the creative use of old Moulin Rouge books which hold the wine lists. Not sure what wine you'd like to order. Tasting is encouraged :) Not sure what to order off the food menu, the staff will break it down for you and explain it all. We started with the Escargots La Palette - Marinated escargots sauteed with morels, leeks, baby spinach, spinach, torn croutons, & lemon-dill beurre blanc. For my main, I had the Sanglier - Ouraboaros (Manitoba) - Pan roasted wild boar tenderloin, mine was medium, boar belly stuffed duck neck and confit head (which initially kind of turned me off from ordering it, but I was so curious I had to do it), roasted chestnut, celery root, apple, parsnip and red cabbage w/ maple mustard jus. I seriously had to close my eyes and allow the flavour, texture and awesomeness of the boar belly stuffed duck neck to really be experienced. It was a foodgasm. 

My hubby had one of the specials; Mixed Grill - Wild Boar and Venison with truffled chanterelle oat risotto, winter vegetables and a blueberry-juniper demi 3-piece add Musk-ox. Also incredible. For dessert we had the3-combo Crême Brulée - Vanilla, Absinthe and Cinnamon Espresso. Surprisingly, my favourite was the good ol' vanilla. All three were amazing though - let's be honest, it's creme brulee!

Only reason I didn't give it five stars, was because I would have given it 4.5 if I could. It was the washrooms. With so much effort put into the decor, menu and quality of food, I totally expected a washroom that was nice, updated - or at least in line with the rest of the decor. They're clean, but I felt dirty going down into the basement and into the shady stalls.

All in all - The menu is intriguing and encourages you to try something new. The staff is superb. The owner is incredibly warm and welcoming. The music, authentic. If you see the rickshaw out on the street, make sure you step inside to be whisked away to Paris for a few hours.

La Pallette, nous reviendrons.
