0q_BHpxbikVtPRRLRu-U0g I don't eat French food very often, so not much of an expert on that.  The food overall was good.  Their menu is simple, you either go with the Prix Fixe ($113 - 4 course) or the Menu Degustation ($123 - 5 course).  The also give you a complimentary course of soup+appetizer at the beginning, and some chocolate/cookie on a little tower at the end (which was actually pretty bad... most of the stuff i had a bite and didn't even want to eat it).  The Prix Fixe have more option for each course that you can pick from.  Menu Degustation you only have a choice between two options for the main course only.

My fiance has the Menu Degustation: ( I of course had to have a taste of everything) =)
My favorite was the Pan Seared Scallop.  It's just 1 big piece of scallop, but it was done perfectly.
Maine Lobster Salad was good, but wasn't memorable to me.
Sauteed "A" Steak of Foie Gras, my fianced liked it quite a bit.  It tasted like a warm piece of fatty meat that melt in your mouth.  If you like that feeling, then you'll like it.  I am not a big fan of the feeling of a piece of fat melting in your mouth.
My fiance picked the Loin of Lamb Rôti as his main course.  I'm not a big fan of lamb, but it was pretty good.
I had the Prix Fixe Menu: 
I picked the Poached Oysters as my first course, since I love raw Oysters.  I ate it at first without putting in the lemon, and it was very fishy.  (I often do that with other raw oysters I eat and don't usually have this issue).  But after I put in the lemon, then it was ok.
2nd course for me was Foie Gras au Torchon.  The foie Gras was served chilled, how I usually like it as.  It came with sides of pear and persimmon that's pretty sweet.
My main course I picked the Sauteed Medallions of Fallow Deer.  It was VERY GOOD.  I orderd it medium, and it was good perfectly.  Very juicy.  The only thing is, I would recommend not trying to finish the sides that it came with (sweet peas and glazed pear, etc), because at the end I was left with a feeling of "too sweet" because of that.
Both came with a choice of dessert from their dessert menu.  Their dessert was ok, not memorable.  Chaya in LA definitely have better dessert.

Service was as expected for a high end restaurant like this.  Although the people who brought out our dishes kept getting confused which one was mine and which one was my fiance, when the main waiter saw that, he corrected it right away (although he was pretty busy most of the time).  We did have to ask for bread a few times while we wait for our food (there a big gap in time between each course, took us over 2 hours to eat and it's not because we eat slow).

In conclusion.  I highly recommend the Pan Seared Scallop, and venison.  Is the food worth the price?  I would say you're definitely not just paying for the food, you're also paying for the atmosphere, their large fresh flowers centerpiece in the middle of the restaurant, and all the Picasso painting they have on the wall.  By the way, Picasso is listed as a Five Diamond restaurant  on the AAA rating (there are only 52 of those in U.S.)
