dizdLoOk0GMaSS_qQAuklQ One of the most enchanting dinners I have ever had, so glad we decided on this restaurant for our special dinner. We had to alter our reservations last minute but this didn't seem to cause any changes in the great service. 

We walked here easily from our hotel, and had a bit of trouble locating the entrance to the restaurant. We asked the man at the side alleyway and he welcomed us and checked our reservation. We walked in and was led to the area to where we would take the elevator up (it was an old school elevator). Upon arrival we were seated at the bar on the terrace (which was decorated with a hint of rustic/vintage with nice pretty lights), to wait for our table. We ended up getting seated in the most unique/romantic table or rather...booth. It had it's own little door and was so private. Our server was very attentive and got our orders in promptly. We both decided to get the prix fixe Summerlicious menu, as well as side of fries and a drink to share. We were pleasantly surprised at the amuse bouche, which was a lovely savoury pastry cookie with olive filling. We also got a bread basket that came with a delicious black bean spread. For our appetizers we ordered the duck breast carpaccio, and the crispy calamari. Both were delicious. For our mains we ordered the beef tenderloin, the pickeral along with our side of fries. The pickeral was thick and flaky. The beef tenderloin was perfectly cooked and succulent. Everything was well seasoned and not overly salty which was good for my palate. Throughout the evening, our waters were always refilled and dishes/utensils cleared away after each course. For our desserts we ordered the chocolate terrine, and the grand marnier souffle. The chocolate terrine was very rich and filling. The souffle was actually a frozen souffle, which bummed me out a bit because I was really excited to try an actual souffle unknowing that it was frozen-very mouse like ice cream. The grand marnier was very prominent which was good to know that it was not cheaped out on.

I loved my experience here, I could not have asked for a better evening. The staff and the service was just effortless they know how to treat their customers (first impressions are very important). I hope to come back and experience more of this restaurant. 2 Thumbs way up!
