dizdLoOk0GMaSS_qQAuklQ Came here on a Friday night to celebrate my Anniversary. Very romantic, great ambiance, candle light, and a live jazz music, need I say more...

First off you must know that the entrance to this resto is on Duncan street not on Richmond st. Its on the side in an alley way. Definately make reservations. There is doorman outside, asks for your name, pages upstairs to see if your table is ready and then you go upstairs to where the fifth social club is which turns into a club at night.

An elevator boy takes up to the roof top lounge where the resto is. It the perfect start to an intimate night riding in an old wooden elevator. When you arrive up a hostess takes you to your seat. Dim lighting and fresh flowers and a beautiful view of the city.

The waiter a very bubbly lad brings us the wine list and cocktail menu. Great selections. We decide on a martini titled Lucky Lady or Loose Lucy. It was perfect! As well we ordered a bottle of sparkling spring water.

That night they offered a prix fixe menu so we decided to go with that.
The waiter brings us a nice assortment of bread and butter while we wait.

For apps we selected the Grilled asparagus and Roasted Red Pepper soup. The asparagus was cold but meant to be served that way i guess they blanced it after cooking with a minced garlic sauce and Roasted Red pepper soup was simple clean but equally delicious.

For mains I always go for steak and lucky me they had filet mignon as part of the prix fixe. It came perfectly medium rare and juicy served with a very delicious peppercorn sauce. It also came with green beans and mash, simple sides and compliamented the meal very well.

For dessert in the prix fixe was either cheesecake or ice cream sundae. I hate cheese cake and didn't really care for a sundae. We asked the server if we could chose a different dessert and pay the difference although the menu clearly said no substitutions. To our surprise he brought us the dessert menu and let us make a substitution. We decided to go with the chocolate mousse cake as I am a natural chocolate lover. Boy was I glad he let us change because this cake was soo moutherwateringly delicious!!!

Overall everything about this restaurant was outstanding and top notch. Great service, ambiance, and delectable food. I would definately recommend this restaurant for those seeking a gourmet romantic evening out.
