dizdLoOk0GMaSS_qQAuklQ We went to this restaurant for my sister's birthday, along with her husband and my girlfriend.  In summary, the food was great, service was good, the coolness of the place was well, cool, and the pricing was reasonable although a little bit on the high end.

There is a bar/lounge along the main floor of The Fifth Grill.  When we arrived it had not yet been opened as a bar.  We were pointed toward this elevator, oldest elevator in Toronto, and were transported one floor up by a really friendly lift operator.  

We were guided through this small area over towards a heated, covered patio, which must be really nice in the summer time.  Unfortunately, we were there in January.  We were seated promptly and given plenty of time to look at (or stare at) the menu and its amazing choices.  

We ordered a Foie Gras slider which was delicious.  An in-house cured Gravlax salmon appetizer was also very tasty.  As expected, the portions were small but very flavourful.  As an entree three of us had the Quebec Venison and it was the second best cut of meat that I have ever had and not to mention its infusion with black currant tea and ligonberry juice, which made it very flavourful and rich.  The meat was cooked as the chef recommended, which came somewhere in between rare and medium rare.  This was definitely a treat and I would truly recommend it.  To pair this meat we ordered a Granache that was suggested by our waiter and that paired really well with the Venison.

The price of the entrees offered varied between roughly 29 dollars to $47 a plate and I am sure that all other things in the menu are equally as tasty.  The drinks are slightly more expensive with some drinks being around $15 each.  

Overall this place was great and the atmosphere was nice.  It was not quiet like some other places where you feel like laughing is not allowed.  The staff was nice and friendly and the food was delicious.  Definitely a place to recommend to others.  We also had a good time at the two bars that are located on the main floor.  The place got really busy really quickly.
