DQFuOd8tUebBAcV5iTGfDA Chef Mark Thuets (a previous 2 and 3* Michelin star experienced chef), is behind this little cozy Mary Poppins oasis of delights. What does that mean? Top notch. It feels like your in a tiny town in Europe when you pop in. Its rustic and has a European raw vibe in there (aka in the summer months brace yourself there is no air con but for what you get all is quickly forgiven).

The bread - Heavenly crafted. There is a reason why they are super busy with orders out in the morning to top hotels and restaurants ordering their bread for the day! My absolute favorite is the sour dough, which is apparently a family recipe handed down... and you can even ask for it to be sliced. Go early though to avoid disappointment, the secret of their bread den is out! 

Their pastries and tarts etc. Popular is the word. Their croissants are oh so buttery.

Their artisanal array of delights in mason jars will keep you coming back to comb the shelves for the latest in season concoctions to devour. 

Holidays - are a great time to put in an order for pumpkin pie or xmas delights including mulled wine, which by the way is divine! 

The coffee shop - if you want peace and quiet and a more personalized place to stop, its a great little place. 

The staff - have been hit and miss. They let one guy (a friend of one of their bakers and the ex shop assistant of the yonge st location) waaayyyy overstay his time there and it soured the whole customer journey, his computer gaming was more a priority than the filth and stack of dishes abound but I wont go on about it as mercifully he is finally gone though the owners chose to ignore the customer protestations for nearly a year!... to the point where the place became a ghost town, understandably. It was a very expensive miss-hire. They really need to ensure their staff work on shifts and not hunker down on their laptops in the back area - this sadly still happens even now. 

The upside, the staff in situ now for the most part, appear to be trying to get on top and re-win the locals. I for one, am one of them. For their sake I hope they do, its a wonderful offering and a treat to have in the area. 

Petit Thuet is definitely worth a try!

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marc_Thuet
