dU7SLTS6_HWo1YPHZ4DmOw I have no idea how long this Bistro has been around but I am wondering why it took me so long to find out about it.  This place is Fantastic, with a capital F!

The ambiance is delightful, from the wood covered deck when you enter to the gorgeous water pitchers and details on the walls.  If it didn't feel french bistro when you walked in, meeting the owner, brings it all home. Incredibly friendly, and very attentive (as were all of the staff).

We went for Sunday brunch and the menu is quite extensive.  I had the poached eggs du jour (which happened to be eggs benedict served on homemade brioche instead of the traditional english muffin) served with potatoes and salad.  The portions are quite large for a place like this and everything was cooked perfectly!  At the table we also had the omelette du jour (comes with salad), the quiche du jour (also salad) and roast beef au jus (with frites and aioli).  We couldnt resist ordering a side of lemon ricotta pancakes with fresh berries and cream (I mean really... who could resist that?) and we were not disappointed. Light fluffy, with just enough sweetness.  We also ordered some sides - homemade Toulousse sausage (quick spicy so watch out) and Pork Belly (by far the most tender well smoked belly I have had in years!).

We were all completely stuffed - every plate had been cleaned down to the last crumb.... and then they brought out the dessert menu. Had I known about this before hand I would have ordered something smaller... but we found a way to make it work.

All of the desserts come matched with a beverage (alcoholic) and I chose the beignets with honey mead. The pairing was excellent, unlike ice wine that is overly sweet, this was just sweet enough to compliment without overpowering the icing suger and espresso creme anglaise.  Perfectly cooked to melt in your mouth, outside of New Orleans I havent had any this good!    At the table we also enjoyed a hazelnut/rhubard cake and a caramel/strawberry/apple pie.

Not only will I be back for brunch, I cant wait to try dinner. They also have special wine/food pairing nights so check in with them to see whats coming up!

Bon Appetit!
