0q_BHpxbikVtPRRLRu-U0g WOW. this place is incredible. the decor is beautiful, millions of dollars worth of Picasso paintings all over. and if you get the right seat, you can catch the Bellagio water show during your dinner.

Since this was our anniversary dinner, we started off with two glasses of champagne. ($24). Now, im not a champagne drinker, but it was pretty good.

They have two menu's, the "degustation" ($125) and the Prix Fixe ($115)
I went with the prix fixe 4 course meal. my husband had the degustation which gives you five courses.

first course: butternut squash soup with marshmallow. It was so creamy and delicious, good to the last drop!
second course: Sauteed ruby red shrimp with roasted zucchini, artichoke and a pepper vinaigrette. WOW! the shrimp were cooked perfectly and the pepper vinaigrette was so good i could drink it. this was one of the best shrimp appetizers i think ive ever had.
third course: The roasted milk fed veal chop, served with a roasted rosemary potato. the veal was cooked to a perfect medium rare, and was beyond flavorful. the potato was so good too. i clearly was so stuffed from the other food, but couldnt help but to finish every last bite. 
fourth course: dessert. i went with the chocolate fondant with coconut gelato and macaroons. the chocolate was so rich and creamy. not overly sweet and paired perfectly with the coconut gelato. the macaroon was great. So was the hand selection of home made chocolates that the chef sent out for us as well.

my husbands meal went as:
first course: Maine Lobster Salad with an Apple-Champagne Vinaigrette perfect balance of sweet and tanginess. had a hint of spice as well. nice and light- a perfect starter.
second course: Pan Seared Scallop with Potato Mousseline and Jus de Veau - scallop was cooked perfectly, leaving him to want more than just one scallop.
third course: Sautéed Steak of "A" Foie Gras Roasted Almonds and Rhubarb Purée
this was probably my husbands favorite course. he still cant stop talking about it. he said it was literally like he was eating a filet mignon. it was so tender and so flavorful.
fourth course:Roasted Lamb with mint aioli. The lamb was a perfect medium rare, the mint aioli was nice and delicate. 
fifth course: Hazelnut Joconde with Gianduia Mousse, Vanilla Frangelico Ice Cream, Chocolate Covered Hazelnuts. OMG this dessert was incredible. 

Our server was great, extremely knowledgable about the menu and the beautiful artwork on the walls. very social with us. 

we finished dinner and dessert with an iced cappuccino and a beautiful view of the water show. I am happy to know one of these exsists in new york and i cant wait to check that one out!
