DwJlGxAJvohbDR_5jV-ERA I don't give out a whole lot of 1 stars...maybe I should just end it there! ;)

Before I start I guess I should say that I should have known better to find a good lunch stop in the heart of tourist town.

The service was terrible.  Pretty much the worst I have had.  The person seating us was great and we were off to a good start.  Then it took 20 minutes to have someone even come over to us.  The wait staff was buzzing around, avoiding eye contact completely.  We finally had someone come and ask if we'd like a drink.  Two of the people in my party asked  a couple questions about their extensive list of Quebec microbreweries.  They have a ton of selection on there but no description as to what the beer is like.  The waitress told us she doesn't know anything about beer and was making us feel uncomfortable for taking so much of her time asking a question.  So I ordered a few I thought they would like.  So a restaurant with dozens of specialty beers but she doesn't know anything about beer...

10 minutes later our beer arrived, we went to order but she said she will come back to take our order.

Now we are easily 45 minutes into our lunch and haven't even ordered food.  Again, it was obviously painful for her to come to our table and take our order, (table of 3 people by the way).  She said she will come back with more drinks at that point as well.  The food took an average amount of time to get to us and it was not our waitress and there were no drinks.  I would've like vinegar with my fries, but did not see our waitress through the whole meal.  Yes, our glasses were empty for the rest of the meal.  No water and no bread either...I mention bread because a funny thing we noticed, (with all the time on our hands), was that every table that the other waitress was serving had a basket of bread...none of the tables that ours was serving had bread.  That probably would have slowed the service down even more.

I went inside to use the washroom, spotted our waitress and just asked for the bill.  As she brought it over I got the evil eye stare like I've done something wrong...an hour and a half to eat a sandwich and fries, (which cost $18 or so), no water, no 2nd beer...and I have somehow offended her.

This is a bit of a rant, but hey...
