0q_BHpxbikVtPRRLRu-U0g I wanted to take my boyfriend somewhere special for his birthday and since he mentioned about how he wanted to dine at Picasso .. wha-la, I made reservations for dinner the night before his birthday. When I made the reservation, I had them make a note about getting seated at a table with the view of the fountains. You can't reserve a seat by the view but they can do their best. We ended up at the third table away from the window. 

The view was really nice, especially when the show came on. There were also a lot of artwork around the restaurant, which created a very calming atmosphere.

It was possibly the fanciest dinner that we've ever had in our lives thus far. Hopefully there will be more to come in the future. 

Moving on... Picasso has two different menus for you to choose from -- their prix-fixe (four courses) or their chef's tasting menu (five courses) which was labeled "Degustation." They also have a thick menu for their wines. My boyfriend opted for the chef's tasting menu while I had their prix-fixe with a glass of Riesling wine. 

I chose the:

Poached Oysters: Delicious. Delicious. Delicious. The texture of the oyster was perfect and had a creamy sauce with it. 
Sauteed Chilean Sea Bass: The warm meat with a slight crisp was definitely a wonderful combination. However, the mashed potatoes are HEAVY HEAVY HEAVY. 
Roasted Veal Chop: I've never had veal before so I wasn't sure what to expect but I must say... I do not like it. The texture and consistency of the veal reminded me too much of pork chops -- just more tender. There also wasn't much taste or seasoning to it so it was probably my least favorite dish. 

I also got to try a bite of the dishes that my boyfriend got. The lobster salad was very refreshing. Scallops just aren't my thing so no comment on that. Foie gras steak .. was heavy but really delicious. The lamb was DELICIOUS. If you like lamb then you oughta get it. It was so tender and full of lamb flavor.

We got to choose our dessert from their menu and I went with the earl gray cheesecake. Their desserts are the epitome of sweet. This is why people have coffee with their desserts. The slice of cheesecake was topped with earl gray ice cream. I actually wished that the cheesecake itself would have some earl gray flavor .. but it was just really sweet instead. It was good but a little too sweet for my tooth. 

Dinner lasted three hours. So it's not a grab and go. It's a, "let's enjoy our night here." Definitely a great place to dine at for special occasions or if you want to just treat yourself. It is a bit on the pricey side but you pay for what you get. The service is amazing and friendly even though we were a little lost ... our first time and everything. The whole experience was definitely memorable. 

The only thing about Picasso was that their menu items are on a bit on the heavy side. Lots of fattyness and creamyness. My boyfriend and I were STUFFED to the bone after dinner. Not to mention my stomach was doing flip flops so I had to rush to the bathroom right after dinner. My stomach most likely did not enjoy the amount of fat and cream that was in my food. 

Overall, we would definitely return for another dining experience sometime in the future.
