EEIz44ewHhOKmfTloAK13g My husband Matt B. and I started dating on 10/14/09, and we happened to be in Toronto for the first time on 10/14/17. It was a quick trip, so we decided to make the most of our one night in town, pinning an epic meal at Alo to the semi-special occasion of our eighth dating anniversary.

This took a bit of planning, namely a calendar reminder to get on OpenTable at 10AM PST on the first Tuesday of September, when reservations opened up for the whole month of October. I was ready and waiting when the clock turned, and this still felt like a crap shoot. I snagged a 9:45 reservation and felt lucky to have it.

We showed up a few minutes late, but fortunately, this wasn't a problem. We checked in downstairs and were led into an elevator, which we shared, incidentally, with chef and co-owner Patrick Kriss. The restaurant was on the third floor, and it felt kind of nice and tucked away from the rainy city outside. We were greeted immediately, our jackets and umbrellas whisked away. We waited for a couple minutes in the bar area before being led into the lovely main dining room. It was a great space, comfortable and sleek, with an open kitchen and a relaxed but upscale ambiance.

Service was flawless all the way through. Both our waiter and our sommelier were friendly, knowledgeable, and attentive, and the sizable staff made sure every possible need was anticipated and met. I must've mentioned this was an anniversary date, because we were welcomed with complimentary glasses of sparkling rose.

Alo is tasting menu only, at least in the dining room, so we had few decisions to make. One of these was whether we wanted a wine pairing with our meal. We went for it, and it definitely enhanced the experience. The wines were all great and the pairings considered and well presented. Also, wine pairings are super fancy and fun.

The food was exquisite. We started with a quartet of beautiful little bites: warm gougeres with aged cheddar and apple purée; foie gras with candied maple and bourbon; foie gras rolled in tiny rice crispies. Then a trio of larger amuse bouches, served with a splash of brut. Toro tartare with toasted nori emulsion and yuzu kosho, served on a shiso leaf to form a bite-sized green taco; a brothy, umami-rich dish of baby white shrimp with jellied dashi, kombu, and fermented bamboo shoot; salty, silky Ibérico lomo draped over fragrant musk melon and field tomatoes.

The next few courses brought seafood and pasta, leading us into the meat of the meal. Delicate Hokkaido sea scallop sashimi came with green tomato and Himrod grape, dressed with brown butter, lemon verbena oil, and edible flowers. Light but decadently flavored, served with Chenin Blanc from Vouvray. We had a Greco Di Tufo, an Italian white wine, with our grilled Lamèque oyster with pomme purée, smoked butter, and nasturtium. This was a nice dish with some good contrasting textures, the oyster and a sprinkle of bread crumbs layered with the rich, creamy potato. The pasta was superb--substantial, pliant packets of ricotta agnolotti in a buttery, cheesy parmesan chanterelle sauce, served with chanterelle mushrooms, Piedmont hazelnuts, pickled endive, and a robust Piedmont white wine.

Then, the fish and meat. Alo was exceptional through and through, but the Ora King salmon was the high point of our meal. This was the best piece of cooked fish I've ever had. It was cured with shio koji and finished in the oven, and it was phenomenally buttery and flavorful, just unreal. Served with Japanese sweet potato purée, maitake mushroom confit, honshimeji mushrooms, and wakame, along with a New Zealand Sauvignon Blanc. The 60-day dry-aged ribeye was also superb, a tender-to-melting piece of beef with sunchoke, spinach brown butter purée, braised pearl onion, and sauce Choron, a tomato-spiked version of Béarnaise. This came with our first red of the night, a hearty Rhône blend, as well as some pain au lait--soft, fresh milk bread with fleur de sel and house cultured butter.

We said yes please to the optional cheese course, a gorgeous round of creamy, lightly tangy Délice du Bourgogne layered with cured plum, pistachio, and tarragon, served with toasted baguettes and a Tuscan Cabernet Franc. A crisp palate cleanser of cucumber lemon purée and sorbet with juniper, kaffir lime, and champagne took us into dessert. There was apple purée with yeast caramel crumble, caramelized sheep's whey ice cream, and Granny Smith apple, a nice, lightly fruity dessert paired with a French dessert wine. Then, to end this incredible meal, a delicious assembly of macadamia purée, caramelized white chocolate crumble, coconut ice cream, macadamia espuma, and finger lime, with a sweet, strong apertif wine.

Alo is #1 on Canada's 100 Best Restaurants list for 2017. I've eaten at maybe ten restaurants in Canada, but I believe this wholeheartedly. This was a marvelous, extraordinary dinner. If you're visiting Toronto (or feeling fancy in your own city), plan ahead and book your table.
