0q_BHpxbikVtPRRLRu-U0g This meal was $207 for myself. Picasso is super expensive. That being said, the food was world-class.

I opted for the Degustation menu. This includes bread, amuse bouche, Maine Lobster salad, Seared Dayboat Scallop, Foie Gras, Colorado Lamb Tournade, Chocolate Bread pudding, and petit fours bites. 

The olive bread and baguette were lackluster. I actually prefer the gourmet bread from my local grocery store. The bread was cool, tough on the bite, and lacked flavor, moisture, and seasoning. 

The amuse bouche was a quail croquette with chilled corn chowder. The croquette is a fried stick of quail with cheesy sauce filling. Alongside the corn chowder, this was a soulful entry into the meal. Lots of savoury flavors to prime the palate. This dish was not a palate cleanser as many amuse-bouches. 

The Maine Lobster salad was excellent. Cool chunks of fresh lobster packed with a light vinaigrette, shrouded with delicate bitter greens, light onions, and a very subtle hint of black truffle that lingers effervescently on the palate. The dish tastes quite fresh and is a nice movement from the amuse bouche to lighten the palate. 

The scallop was the texture of cold butter with the taste of meaty seafood. It was deeply seared and served over a potato puree. The dish was lovely. 

The seared foie gras was a standout. This is the best method of serving foie. The outside holds a deep crisp while the inside is buttery and deeply unctuous in a uniquely poultry-offal manner. The black cherry glaze and deep crunchy bits on the plate balance out the soft mouthfeel and fatty savour of the foie gras. This is a combination of flavors that cannot be replicated with any lesser ingredient. 

The lamb tournade was just OK. The mouthfeel was slightly tough. The lamb's exterior did have serious maillard charred complexity. Is wasn't too impressed with the flavor of the meat or it's texture. 

The chocolate bread pudding was like a light brownie. The plate many interesting and complex bits of flavor. 

The meal was finished with some small bites from the kitchen that were pleasantly sweet and soft. These encompassed several flavors on the sweet/salty/bitter spectrum. 

Picasso is an amazing environment with good, but not impeccable, service. The interior is beautiful and it is set on the lake of the Bellagio with fountains gushing every 15 minutes. This is an unforgettable place to dine on incredible food. While there were a few hiccups, Picasso was an excellent dining experience.
