EEIz44ewHhOKmfTloAK13g My review is based on the dining experience at The Bar at Alo. 

Ambience -

Although the restaurant locates on the top floor of the old building. The interior is very modern and chic. The fine dining area is totally separate so the customers at the bar won't interrupt the diners. The music in the background was not too loud and still allowed us to converse comfortably. There are seats around the bar table and individual tables for bigger group (2-4 people).

Things for improvement - The seating is comfortable yet I don't feel the tables are too durable because it was easily moved. I was quite cautious and try not to knock it over. :(

Service - 

We arrived at Alo after 10 PM for some drinks and snacks; we were greeted by a friendly staff and directed us to bar section. Overall, the service was very friendly and attentive. The waiter was very nice and recommended us a few appetizers and drinks based on our preferences. She even advised to order less dishes than we planned to (we were excited to try as many dishes as possible! :D). We are very thankful for her advice because food portion was just right after the dessert. 

Drinks - 
They offer wide selection of cocktails and wines. We opted for non-alcohol drinks which are limited to 3 choices. 

We got the Black tea lemon, passion fruit orange. Both were refreshing and we enjoyed them. 

Food -

Food menu is simple and mainly seafood, a few meat choices (Pork, beef) and very few with veggies. 

We ordered two seafood dishes and dessert. 

Overall, it's no doubt they use fresh and premium ingredients. The culinary skills was top notch. The savoury dishes were delicious but didn't blow out my mind.

Yet the dessert was so good although the presentation was not as appealing as the other dishes. It combined different flavours and sensations; it was very refreshing. I would come back just for the dessert. 

I will definitely come back for dinner and snacks. I would love trying the tasting menu to fully experience the restaurant.
