EEIz44ewHhOKmfTloAK13g Alo isnt about eating. If your hungry, go somewhere else. Alo is about an experience. It's about tasting the mind of a young, highly skilled, highly talented chef, as he reaches for the ultimate heights of his culinary abilities. It's a sensual adventure, pushing your palate beyond its comfort and redefining your taste buds. It's about sharing a special moment with a loved one or a group of friends. The dinner will change you as a diner, your perspective about food and wine and your expectations of what a well run, well oiled, dining experience should be.

First of all I'm not a chef, so much of what was offered to me on the plate was beyond my understanding. But the textures, precision, complexity and balance of each plate were more than obvious to even a layman like myself. Each bite was like little champagne bubbles bursting on different parts of my tongue. From the delicate petit-fours that were offered to us at the start of our meal, too our final course of a rich, creamy, luscious, dark chocolate and mint dessert, our tastes buds were constantly being challenged and rewarded. Not every bite was personally pleasing. The Pacific Halibut was perfectly cooked and purposefully under seasoned, so that it could combine with the silky smooth emulsion. Unfortunately it just didn't work for me but the lady at the next table was overjoyed with the dish. But that is the beauty and challenge of a tasting menu. Too appreciate new flavours and confirm those tastes that you may never appreciate.

Please, please, please order the wine pairing. The quality, quantity and innovation of the pairings (who ever expected a Madeira in the middle of their meal too work so well) is an eye opener and at just $65 a person, maybe the best value on any menu in the city. Christopher our Somm, brought an academic charm and understanding too our meal, that my wife and I both appreciated.

The service is truly impeccable. Everything was quietly but efficiently, taken care of. From a napkin being replaced before I had a chance too ask, too our water glasses always being full. The service at Alo is about understanding the needs of the customer before the customer even knows what those needs are. Thanks too Tracy and the tall, slim, bespectacled young lady, whose name we never got, for adding so much more too our experience.
