EEIz44ewHhOKmfTloAK13g The Anticipation
We were told by my boyfriend's friend that THIS is the restaurant to go to, at least if you are from Toronto. He raved about it as the most godly restaurant and experience ever. We were obviously blown away. It seems like he has visited many other restaurants in the past, especially those that were in fine dining and it gave us some hope. We love eating. Not like we are amazing critics ourselves, but we couldn't wait to make our mark at Alo. The reservation process is deadly, we had to wait 3 months before our scheduled spot. Believe it or not, it's like buying tickets to a Beyonce concert, every night at 12am I'm on OpenTable trying to get the next available time slot. To my dismay, the only time I could get was at 9:30pm. What a bummer.

On the night of our reservation, Toronto was blessed with the worst weather ever lol. Anyhow, we were freezing and tried to stay indoors as long as possible at a Toronto library. When we finally stepped foot into the restaurant, we were relieved. But even though we arrived early (15 minutes prior), we still have to wait a bit before our table was ready - and that's okay. It seems like they were well equipped to serve people who came in early, small cushions near the window with a nicely lit bar in the middle.

Service
This is where I will say I agree with the majority. Service was great, I love everyone's attitude and attention to detail. At points throughout our stay, I did find it a little overwhelming that so many different individuals were contributing to our night. From one girl handing out our napkins, to a completely different person cleaning table, and finally our waiter (who was my fave btw) that zipped in and out throughout the night. Don't fret, I'm not complaining, it was unique, but I'm a little traditional and wish we had less people serving us throughout the night. With less people, I felt I could probably make a better connection. Anyhow, service is still good, and I would give them lots of points for this.

Food
How do I put it? It was a letdown, is that too harsh? No, I don't think so. While the artsy part of the dishes were obvious in each of the dishes, the taste was forgettable. It's like going to a gourmet burger place, only to be served with a Wendy's cheeseburger. Just because it looks better, doesn't mean it actually tastes good. I can tell that the chefs put a lot of effort into arranging the design, but do they know that the combination does not blend? Most of the dishes were either too sour or too salty. At one point, I couldn't even finish my meal because the sauce was so overwhelming, a pity. Don't get me wrong, all the dishes were edible. But for the price we were paying, edible doesn't cut it. When I come into a restaurant like this, I'm expecting to be wowed. I want something no less than my experience dining at Jacobs or Auberge du Pommier. I'm not expecting a Michelin Star experience, and I've had that in New York just a few days ago (which by the way Alo cannot match with their current dishes). I do not want to sound like I hate this restaurant, but I do have a few pointers. And obviously, I'm not a great chef so perhaps someone else can point out to me how I am clearly missing the target. But when food is too sour, too salty, that to me is not meeting my expectations.
