eJ9L40jm5VOXCIq7xs9kQw I can't say enough good things about both the hotel and the restaurant parts of Bonaparte. My parents and I walked into the hotel without a reservation on a Sunday evening. The staff was extremely friendly and accomodating, and was able to provide us with a beautiful room for slightly less than other hotels that are rated $$ on yelp. We didn't spend much time in the room, but it was absolutely lovely -- a double and a queen bed, double jacuzzi tub, clean, quiet, and with a view of the back of the Notre-Dame Basilica! The room rate also included breakfast at Bonaparte Restaurant -- the French Toast, made with French bread from the previous night's dinner service was out of this world. There was also parking available for a small fee ($10?), free wi-fi, and a computer and printer for guests in the lounge.

We also ate dinner at Bonaparte restaurant, and loved it. My dad and I are big foodies, while my mom has pretty simple tastes, and we all agreed it was one of the best meals we'd ever had. Recommendations: The lobster special w/ vanilla-muscat sauce sounded like it would be too sweet, but was perfect. The mushroom ravioli was exquisite, with paper-thin pasta encasing an amazingly complex mushroom filling. And the fois gras duo was perfect fois... need I say more? The steak tartare was huge, and in my opinion a little overseasoned, but that may just have been because it was my third course, and I was approaching saturation by that point. 

By far the best feature of both the hotel and restaurant was the service, which was unobtrusive but amazingly considerate. Examples: my dad mentioned that we were celebrating my graduation from grad school, and the server brought me a complementary little bottle of ice cider that paired perfectly with my fois. (And a pen from the restaurant, which was a cute touch.) Even better, I went down to the lounge to read at about 11:30 pm. I was worried that since it was so late, they might be closing up. But I sat down in the empty lounge and started reading... within 5 minutes, the music had been changed to a soft instrumental track, candles were lit on all the tables, the fireplace was turned on, and the waiter from dinner appeared to offer me "something to help me read." Amazing, and totally exemplary of the entire experience at Bonaparte -- the staff didn't just make sure we had a nice time, but obviously enjoyed our enjoyment of the whole weekend. I could live there.
