eJ9L40jm5VOXCIq7xs9kQw "Restaurant" isn't the first word you think of when you see "Bonaparte". You probably think "Napoleon" like I do, the French Revolution military leader we all learned about in 7th grade History class. However, due to the ratings on Yelp, I decided to give it a try with my Account Executive for dinner on a Thursday evening (9PM res) while in one of my favorite cities in North America to travel to. It was also closely located to the Le Westin Montreal (my GO TO hotel every time I'm in Montreal) giving it an edge over the other locations I was contemplating (within a quick 4 minute walk of the Westin). 

We saw their multitude of menus but quickly settled on the $32.95CAD "TABLE D'HOTE" prixe fixe that had a very large selection of items which were spread across 3 courses + coffee/tea would make almost all diners happy for a relatively low price. Here's how it went down:

+ Venison terrine with cranberries and herbs. It was quite good, very meatloafy in consistency which is what most terrines should be. It was quite meaty, herby, perfectly salted and great to be spread on some carbs like WE did.
+ Lamb Rack with brussel sprouts and onions. It was very juicy, done perfectly medium-rare and lollipop style/Frenched as it should be. After all, you ARE in a French restaurant right?
+ Buffalo Flank with green peppercorn. My AE had ordered this and it was "pretty good" according to him. I had a piece of it and it was definitely good. Not the best buffalo flank I've had but not the worst either. 
+ Cheese Plate. We had a goat's cheese, a sheep's milk and a cow cheese that were equally yummy. The firm sheep's milk cheese was quite yummy and creamy while the others were very good too. They paired quite well with our Cab Sav that we had.
+ Chocolate Mousse. One of the best chocolate mousses I've ever had...it was done to perfectly, firm yet creamy, consistent and damn smooth. Probably one of the best items of the evening.

Overall? It was a very good experience...it was definitely quite busy and filled with Americans (tourists like me) and the service was fine and efficient. I will definitely return, however there are many other Frenchy spots in Montreal that I'd love to try.

THIS has been a review by Gaurav
