el-3IdlW3bTCSnquLvH-3w It was Mother's Day, and It was the perfect afternoon for al fresco dining at La Petite France Bistro. 

As usual, I perused the menu on line to help me make a quick decision in advance about what I would order. They had a special three-course menu for Mother's Day, but you could still order off the regular menu. The special menu did not have crepes, and that was why I so wanted to go. I made a reservation and specifically asked for outside dining. I was "un petit peu" flummoxed when we arrived, and they had already seated our friends inside. I asked politely if we could sit outside and reminded the gentleman that when I made the reservation, he asked me if I wanted indoor or outdoor seating. After reminding me that they would have the misters on if it was very hot, I said, outdoor then. After waiting about five minutes for them to set up, we were seated outside on the lovely patio. The tables were set beautifully with white tablecloths, golden yellow colored napkins, and faux rose petals of various shades of pink and red. 

It took some time for the waiter to get to our table for ordering drinks, meals, desserts, etc. He was a darling young man originally from Germany (I was surprised he was not French)! He explained that based on reservations, they didn't think they would be so busy so they staffed accordingly. I have to admit that we were all quite pleased that we weren't rushed through our meal and had the chance to linger and enjoy the food and the beautiful atmosphere. I don't know if giving us time would be considered usual practice. 

The food . . . the menu had so many delicious sounding items, even more that I remembered from the on line menu . . . From Flammelcueche (a rectangular shaped Neapolitan like pizza dish that comes on a pizza board straight from the oven) to croissants to crepes to salads, as I watched orders come out of the kitchen, I had a difficult time making a decision . . . I think anything would have been a great choice! My husband and our friend had the Hawaiian Crepes which were creamy, lite, but still filling. My crepes Provencal were reminiscent of the crepes I had in Versailles at a famous little creperie with goat cheese, vegetables and eggs. Our other friend had the La Pacific quiche with smoked salmon, cream cheese, dill and capers. It was a gorgeous mini quiche, not a slice from a large pie. We were all very pleased. Each entree came with a side salad with homemade dressings. I had the orange vinaigrette and it was so fresh and flavorful. Hubby had the Honey Raspberry that also was so light and delicious. 

The piece de resistance was the dessert crepes. Because we had waited so long for our "Banana Split" crepe, our waiter comped us a Royal Chocolat -- it was heavenly . . . with a crispy hazelnut bottom topped with a chocolate mousse cake. After devouring that, we didn't need the Banana Split crepe, even sharing among the four of us, but ohhh, I wouldn't have missed it for the world! I rarely order desserts out, but this was an absolute must . . . the warmth of the freshly made thin crepe with the coolness of the vanilla ice cream, accompanied with banana, strawberries, caramel, chocolate, butter, coconut and fresh whipped cream, it was completely sinful and worth every calorie! 

This particular day, I felt transported back to the little creperie in Versailles. Okay, so we weren't surrounded by centuries old buildings . . . but our stomachs felt like we were! Bon appetit!!!!
