epvLkQNL6MOvk3s6JlTntA If you are looking for good authentic french food or a luxurious treat (as it should be with such ridiculous prices) you should stay far far away from Carmon's. 

This place definitely tries way too hard to be something its not. If not for prior knowledge of this place I would've classified it as a diner. 

Don't be confused by the menus (which are on shitty clipboards for some reason..) as a high price usually denotes high quality. This is not the case here. The ratatouille was one of the worst my gf has ever had, it tasted like dirt. You pay something like $20 for a pancake filled with questionable meat cooked in a microwave. The one thing that was good was the Crepe Suzette. It was a little too sweet but was a pleasant surprise after a meal of such low quality. 

The one thing that really pissed off our whole party and ruined the experience was the service. I have never seen a restaurant that hires waitresses this horrible. I mean the service we received was worse than even shitty diners on local highways.  

First off, when we went in there were only 2 tables occupied other than us, and we went in with a party of 5. We were not given the large table for some reason, I guess they wanted to save it for parties of 6 or more, but there were very few people in the restaurant and it was way past the normal dinner time. The waitress pushed together one regular sized 2 person table and one small 2 person table designed for cocktails and such. The two tables didn't even fit the same length and there were two giant corners sticking out in the middle of our party. We were placed in the corner of the restaurant too. 

Its fine to save larger tables for larger parties but at 5 people we could definitely take up the 6 person table. Also there were almost no other guests in the restaurant so we felt pretty unimportant to be forced to sit on two childlike tables. 

The waitress also didn't serve us water at all but rather just threw down a giant water jug and told us to refill it ourselves. She then disappeared for the entire meal and came back only for the check. 

Now heres the good part: 

When the check came we felt like the mandatory 18% gratuity was unreasonable since we didn't know about it before and also we didn't feel like the service we received deserved any gratuity at all. When we told this to our waitress she totally flipped out and said (I quote), "Well we don't need your business then, go eat somewhere else, whatever" and stormed off into the kitchen. We asked for the manager nicely and he eventually came out, but it seemed like he was more annoyed than friendly. It took forever for him to come out since he was obviously hearing the waitress talk about us before coming in. He made some excuses and eventually offered us a discount on our next time back. 

Thanks but no thanks. We refuse to come to Carmon's ever again. We left the discount card on the table.
