1_SHlZM-drHwG_PiMe_3uQ Cabane a Sucre is an amazing thing to celebrate.

 Beginning of Springtime means Cabane a Sucre or Sugar Shack time.

 The sap collected by the Maple Trees is boiled down to beautiful Maple Syrup. 
Boiled down some more and the maple syrup becomes amazing Tire=Toffee in English, and yes it's sweet! Boil the toffee more and you get Maple Butter.

All the beautiful chemistry of Love( maple sap) that comes out of the Maple tree are made in ideal conditions of Cold nights and Warm days , Quebec is great for the Cold part.

I was excited to go this year. The drive through the scenic office buildings to get to Bouvrette was different, then all of a sudden a barn starts to emerge. 

 They have a separate room where you purchase the meal tickets, then proceed to be seated in one of the dining rooms.  Our waitress seemed to have been overworked or tired, they do this Cabane a sucre Breakfast all day long from when the 'season' starts until there's no more snow and sugar left!

They used to play Traditional Quebecois music but the waitress said the majority complains so it was some random Radio station, I was disappointed.

 The food is brought out Family style and you have to serve yourself.  Pea Soup in a Large red Pot was good, not rich creamy tasty, and not Hot, Warm soup.
   The oreilles de criss or in English translates into Christ's Ears which happens to be Pigs Ears and Pork Rinds. Those were good crunchy and salty and delicious.

  They also brought out a plate with Sliced Ham and it looked straight out of a package, I passed it was nothing special.  The Baked Beans came in a Huge bowl with a tiny bit of Beans at the bottom, we had to ask the best waitress for more.
We got a smaller bowl with even less Beans, they are very stingy with food here and this is an All You Can Eat, you would think they're be generous plating the food for a Table of 8 ? Lots of asking for food here..

 A guy comes around with a Big Fluffy Omelette. That was good just fluffy light, tasteless so it soaks up Maple Syrup and tastes delish! You have to wait until he comes around to your table again to cut the omelette on your plate. 

Our waitress managed to forget to bring us a few things off the menu, after I asked she brought out the mini Hot Dogs (supposed to be in Maple Syrup, barely) and coleslaw at the end. 

The waitress had a tray full of tiny cut desserts on plastic plates for us to choose between crepes or Maple Pie.  I tried the crepe I thought it was good with Maple Syrup of course.  The Maple pie was generic and nothing special.. Seems like a trend for this Cabane a Sucre.

With the meal you get a ticket for Maple Tire (toffee) on the snow. This is what the Sugar Shack is About!!!!  They boil down the sap in the shack.
   The guys here let you have as many sticks as you want, I was watching it seems most tolerant people can handle 6 Popsicle sticks full of sweet gooey toffee before getting Sugar Sick.
 
Time to burn off those sugar calories
 
There's a double horse drawn carrage for a 'sleigh ride' and the driver has a pet bunny to keep the passengers entertained.
  
 There are a couple barns behind the building with Farm animals, the Ducks, Chickens and my fav Liama, Donkey were fun to watch and you can feed them corn and feed.  I feel bad for the animals, I hate that I don't think they're very happy.

Was a fun time, I doubt I'm coming back. They're  stingy with the food, the service isn't friendly, it was a Birthday at my table and not a word. The Maple Products were delicious it's hard to mess that up!
