10cjlsUzS8rAKMjdEWbxvA BIVY is one of my absolute favourite restaurants. The space is cheery and bright during the daytime and smooth and romantic in the evening for their new dinner menu. I've been a faithful daytime attendant for weekend brunch, weekday lunch, a coffee and a pastry-fuelled afternoon of work... I've always absolutely loved my experiences with their unbelievably friendly and attentive staff and their delicious food.

They hit it out of the park with their farçous (spinach pancakes) and omelettes, both of which I keep coming back to. I've also loved their tartiflette (potato/cheese tart) and the healthy bites I've had sharing plates of the kravitz, the ploughman, the gravlax... Basically I'm a well-meaning mooch, and my partner and I regularly wind up splitting our plates because everything is so tempting. Most of their meals come with a perfectly composed salad with mixed greens, thinly sliced radishes and a beautifully light vinaigrette and then their phenomenal potato salad...  Possibly the best I've ever had. It's definitely a step up from something you'd have at a BBQ. Everything is just really delicately balanced and flavoured just right.

Since they just launched their dinner menu, I've only tried it once, but it was one of the best meals I've ever had. Finding a decent and well-priced steak is a real difficult task in Toronto, but BIVY has it down. Their entrecôte steak frites comes with a grilled 10 oz rib eye prepared at a perfect medium rare as requested and covered in an understated herbed butter, fries that are seasoned just right and done to the perfect crisp without being overcooked and, of course, that beautiful simple salad. For $18.95! Pair it with one of their well-priced glasses of wine and you have the perfect date night. We'll be back again soon, probably tacking on an order of mussels to start since they look SO good.

I know I'm just gushing at this point. I just really love this place and it's the perfect local spot. It's equal parts cafe, brunch/lunch stop and great dinner option. A lot of restaurants wouldn't be able to juggle all those identities, but BIVY is great at doing simple, delicious food and providing a versatile ambiance with great service. I'm so happy to live near by. The only problem is that I'm constantly tempted to say "Let's just go to BIVY" instead of, you know, cooking at home and not blowing my paycheque on daily jaunts to my favourite neighbourhood spot.
