FJMMPL3pxAPYGEPB0Hwlhw Food: 4/5
Service: 4.5/5
Cleanliness: 5/5
Price: $$$$

The Ritz Carlton in Toronto is located in the heart of the Financial District on Wellington Street. If you're dining at TOCA, a discounted valet fare is available for $15. When we visited, we had a chance to see the biggest gingerbread house! It was made of 100% edible ingredients and desserts, quite a sight!

The Sunday brunch is offered from 11:30am until 3:30pm, and we were only able to secure a table for two at 2:15pm. I reluctantly agreed to a late brunch, but I've got no one else to blame but me for making a late reservation! You can book a table directly through the restaurant's website or on Opentable.

We arrived a little earlier than our scheduled 2:15pm time slot, around 2:00pm. Our host immediately checked if a table was available, and within minutes, we were escorted inside. Soon after, our server warmly welcomed us and asked about our drink preferences. I opted for sparkling water and my husband went for the unlimited Italian champagne. The $85 Sunday brunch includes an unlimited Mimosa and Bellini bar which I would love to enjoy when I'm a body of one again! Our server also told us where everything was located with the brunch, which included a cold seafood bar, a fresh made-to-order Italian pasta bar, a charcuterie board, a carving station, classic brunch dishes, viennoseries, a room full of desserts, an omelette station, and a huge selection of cheeses.

Naturally, our favourite was the cold seafood bar which consisted of fresh oysters, crab legs, lobsters, and shrimp. I'm not the biggest fan of cold lobsters- they're normally rubbery in texture (at least when I tried them in the past) and tastes bland to me so I was skeptical at first to try TOCA's cold lobster unlike my husband who loves them.

I was very surprised to find myself reaching for seconds because they were so well cooked! Soft in texture while it was thoroughly cooked, juicy and so delicious! There were a wide variety of sauces and sides to enhance my tastebuds and the lobster ended up being the star of the brunch for us. I wish I had tried some of the oysters though...they're my favourite. #preggoproblems

All the seafood was prepared so that it made it very convenient and easy for guests to enjoy.

My husband also loved the carving station, which only consisted of the Beef Wellington. Though there was only one menu, it was really well done as well! There's definitely something for everyone for every appetite.

I next tried their classic brunch station, where benedicts and pancakes greeted me. I was a little disappointed to find the benedict warm but not hot, and dry from being made too long ago. I suppose that may be a down side from attending Sunday Brunch at 2pm; benedicts may no longer be in demand at that point...which make the remaining ones turn cold. The pancake was great as was my risotto, but overall they weren't dishes that made me return for seconds.

I couldn't want to check out their dessert room...can you imagine? A room dedicated to desserts!! Too heavenly. There were roughly 10 choices of desserts and sweets including homemade marshmallow, red velvet whoopee pies, chocolate fondue, cheesecake, and much more. 

Though the Sunday brunch is until 3:30pm, the dessert room was kept open until 4pm. Throughout our meal, guests poured in until 3pm. If possible, I would recommend you to make your reservation before 3pm to give yourself ample time to try everything.

Our luxury Sunday brunch at TOCA was definitely worth every penny. In fact, considering the unlimited drinks and lobster at The Ritz Carlton, the $85 is not a bad deal at all.  Hubby and I've visited many other hotel buffets that were much more expensive with much lower quality food. If you've had TOCA's Sunday Brunch on your to-do list, we highly recommend it! It's definitely worth the splurge for its quality in food and service. Everyone was friendly, helpful, and quick to help.
