FJMMPL3pxAPYGEPB0Hwlhw We had reservations with a group of friends on a Saturday night for 5:30pm and the timing was perfect because this restaurant was incredibly busy as the night wore on - not sure if it was because of a typical summer Saturday night or the tourists because Toca is located in the Ritz Carlton.

Almost everyone had the tasting menu (foie gras, a lobster pasta, beef cheek and chocolate ganache) and I would get it all over again.

The foie gras, though rich, was balanced by toast and get this - a red onion sorbet. The combination was the most bizarre-sounding yet one of the best I've ever had. The sorbet was sweet and cold with a red onion twist. And initially, it seemed strange with the hot and cold, but it was perfect. The lightness, sweetness and tartness of the sorbet counter-balanced the fois gras. If I could go into a Baskin Robbins and ask for a red onion sorbet I would. I could easily eat 10 of these. The only other appetizer that can rival this for me is Michael Mina's tuna tartare.

The lobster pasta was nice and light despite being pasta. The serving size was just right, giving me a great taste of it but not over the top so that I felt uncomfortably full after (with not enough space for the rest of the menu). They gave a good-sized lobster claw and with the al dente paste, perfection again.

The beef cheek was incredibly tender - cooked just right. It was tender and juicy, on a bed of potato mash and gravy. I love beef tongue and the texture was similar, except it was a thicker meat. This was also very rich.

Lastly, the chocolate ganache was lovely as well. The coffee grinds and maple ice cream were a nice compliment and the ganache itself, light and slightly rich. 

Some friends also had the wine pairing ($95 for the tasting menu and $45 for the wine pairing) and the wines (including an icewine at dessert) they said were perfectly complimentary. They said the chianti served with the beef cheek was just right.

My husband was the only one not ordering the tasting menu - we were told that the signature ravioli was one of the best dishes so he decided to get that. He loved (and so did I). I would come back and try that as my main next time.

The service and atmosphere here were bar none. The server thoroughly explained each wine we ordered (including the single servings) and when our food was brought to us (we were a party of 8), there were 3 to 4 servers who laid our food down so that the rest of the table wasn't always kept waiting. Even as one of us went to the washroom, a server just passing by would pick up our napkin left on the seat and fold it nicely, leaving it back on the table for us. 

I'm so glad we came here and I would definitely recommend this restaurant and come back. We're told that the breakfast (particularly the scrambled eggs) are excellent, so that may be something we'll try as well.
