fNCyfJOfd2R42hkhz2tALQ Delicious!  Both the steak and the concept.

It was a lot fancier inside than I expected.  My boyfriend and I were dressed fairly casually, but it didn't seem to matter.  We wandered in on Saturday night about 7:30pm worried that we might need a reservation.  The host asked if we wanted to sit right away, but we wanted to get beer first!

He directed us to the closest place to buy beer and told us that he'd hold a table for us - how nice is that!!

We stopped into the little store, got ourselves some amazing Belgium styled brew and headed back.  We were seated promptly and were helped by the most delightful waiter.  Actually all of their staff here is amazing.  At any given point, someone would ask if were okay - it was a real team effort.

Our waiter was funny and asked if we wanted English menus.  He didn't want to assume we couldn't speak French, which was nice for us stupid Americans.  We gladly took the English menus but joked about how we could just guess what we wanted - Steak. 

He explained what the different options were.  My bf and I got the 7oz steak, which comes with a salad, vegetable (green beans) and unlimited fries.  I asked if there was cheese on the salad (that happens to me all the time) since I'm allergic.  He said no but returned a few minutes later and mentioned that the salad dressing might so offered oil and vinegar instead.  I thought this was such a great suggestion and couldn't have been more pleased with his attention to detail. 

My bf ordered the french onion soup, which was delicious!  The salads were crisp and tasty.  

They spaced out the meal perfectly.  Enough time to digest in between.  They put out delicious hot rolls on the table with butter.  I usually don't eat the bread on the table for fear of spoiling my appetite, but they were too good to pass up. 

The main course finally arrived and it was to die for.  The steak was perfectly seasoned and cooked just the way I wanted.  The green beans still had a nice crunch to them and complimented the steak well.  The fries were amazing - cooked to golden perfection.

It really was an incredible meal.  After we were done, our waiter took our plates and told us to relax, enjoy the rest of our beers and call him over if we wanted dessert or coffee.  Exactly what a waiter should stay to two stuffed pigs!  

Overall the experience was delightful.  We were treated like kings and queens, ate like them and in the end our bill with a generous tip was only $60.  You just can't buy this type of meal in NYC for that price.

enjoy!
