fVF5wayDyY6ZR5oJB1IK3g I'm just going to go ahead and forego the supposedly hipster-ish-ness of the Mile End and its denizens (WOW!! THERE ARE HIPSTERS IN MONTRÉAL!!! HOLY SHIT!!!!) and just cut to how spectacular this restaurant is.

After making a reservation earlier in the day, I biked over in the freezing rain with my girlfriend for a nice little mid-december date night.  The server that took the reservation earlier in the afternoon was still there to seat us and get us started with the menu and some drinks.

I had a nice little manhattan made by the classy barman and my girlfriend had a martini.  Both drinks were at least as good as any that could be found by my favorite watering hole down the street.  Afterwards, the server explained the menu and specials to us; it's nice to have a server that knows what they will be serving.

We had an opener of deliciously-salted smoked mackerel with endives, bacon, and a poached egg (I hate eggs) which was very dificult to not inhale.  Well-balanced flavours and easily enough to start off two non-obese people.

After mulling over the mains (the beef offal with mashed potatoes was given very serious consideration) I went ahead and go the pork chop served with braised radicchio, and mustard fruits (who even serves these!?!?).  It was perfectly succulent and went along swimmingly with its plate mate.  My date ordered the celery-root tortellini with parsley, walnuts, and sheep's cheese.  She seemed pleased enough and the morsels that I managed to steal away from her were mouthgasmic.

Finally, we decided to close off the evening with a baked alaska which was (not surprisingly) quickly consumed and savoured joyfully with our wine (I forget which, but it was red and French and hit the spot).

As for the décor and ambiance; it was perfect.  There were some curtains up at the door to a) keep out the draft (I mentioned freezing rain, right?) and b) provide entertainment to the diners as they watch the guests fumble about to find the entrance.

I certainly hope to be back soon.  I hear that the brunch is phenomenal.
