fVF5wayDyY6ZR5oJB1IK3g Been trying to go here for a while, but timing and poor planning has never allowed me to.   This past (U.S.) Memorial Day Weekend, however, was an exception - such an exception that I actually ate dinner AND brunch there.   Our first intention was brunch, but we learned that the waits were very long and reservations were only taken for 6 or more.   So we figured we'd try dinner on a Saturday night and they were happy to accommodate 4 of us for a table at 8:30.   

The place is small and warm with floor to ceiling windows on both of it's exterior sides.   The atmosphere makes you want to hang out there.   We mixed it up to start and went with the squid salad, then the fiddlehead ferns with bacon and egg yolk on tost - both amazing.  The charcuterie plate had an excellent mix of small sausages, smoked tongue and ham.   For the mains, two had their pork chop and two of us split the ox tail for two.   Both were cooked to perfection and I think we wiped our plates clean with the wonderful bread they gave us.   Dessert was a baked Alaska with a coffee/chocolate ice cream, which was an amazing end to an amazing dinner.   I should note that the classic cocktails are mixed to perfection and the wine recommendation couldn't have been more perfect.  I know this is the place to go for brunch in Montreal, but please don't overlook dinner - it's every bit as good.

After a good night of drinking, we wanted a good quality brunch.  We were so impressed with last night's meal, we figured we should give the brunch a try.  I've traveled over 2 million miles in the last 12 years and I can never recall willingly going to the same restaurant for two meals in a row, but there's a first for everything.  At 1pm, the wait was an hour, but that's not an issue in a neighborhood that has so much to explore (beers at Dieu du Ciel).  When our table was ready, we went full force, starting with their homemade donuts (incredible) and then their scones (equally as excellent).   Cocktails for breakfast were a must, along with their great coffee.  The same pork chop on the dinner menu makes an appearance here, this time with sage and eggs.  The soft scrambled eggs with smoked trout may not be for everyone, but it was gobbled up.  The baked eggs with celery root was an awesome combo of flavors.

The food was excellent, but the service was superb.  it's relaxed, friendly and there's a great attention to detail.  The staff is incredibly warm and was a great resource when it came to recommending some local bars in the area.   We have great restaurants in NYC, of course, but when they reach that certain level of popularity, they seem to acquire the attitude where they act like they are doing you a favor when they find you a table - this couldn't be further from the truth at Lawrence.  They make you feel at home and we will certainly be returning.
