ggIWkJtgXHKnhdxRu338AQ I've always been skeptical about the Summer & Winterlicious events because most of my dining experiences at participating restaurants have always left me wanting more... more food (portion & quality-wise) and more customer service.

I left Creme Brasserie with a happy tummy and a big smile on my face.
Upon arriving at the restaurant, my party and I were greeted by a joyful maitre d'. He gave us a table right beside the window so we could enjoy Yorkville by night :) We ordered from their Winterlicious menu ($35/head) and our waitress was very cheery yet professional and helpful. So far, the dining experience started off with a good vibe.

APPETIZERS: A friend and I got the grilled calamari and another friend got the soup (forgot what it's called, but I attached the pic). The calamari was AMAZING. No fishy seafood smell and it's grilled to perfection. Even the asparagus that came with it tasted so divine. My friend who ordered the soup also enjoyed hers very much. 

MAINS: I got the cornish hen and the two friends got the striped bass, which was later substituted by monkfish because they ran out of the bass. My chicken was great. It was crispy on the outside but juicy in the inside. The gravy with roasted pecans and dried cranberries brought enough sweetness to the dish. I loved it. My friends seemed to enjoy their fish dish as well, though they were a bit disappointed that the texture of the fish was rather flakey. 

DESSERTS: I got the chocolate crepe and my friends got the creme brûlée. I was surprised to see that the dish was not just a regular crepe with choco sauce, but the crepe itself was a choco crepe with choco sauce!! Choco overload = YUMM-O. The two girls raved about their creme brûlée, so I'll just have take their words for it :)

We each ordered a glass of Pinot to accompany our meals ($12/glass). Our tab came out to be $60/head incl. tips and taxes. 

Overall, I really enjoyed my experience at Creme Brasserie and I would definitely go back there to celebrate special occasions (hey, it ain't cheap! :p) Our waitress was very attentive from the beginning til' the end. She even yelled out goodbye and waved excitingly from the back of the restaurant when she saw us leaving (she was cleaning another table). It was a pretty pricey dinner, but it's worth it :)
