gh6__q2WXFuyN8gt6VAnWw Purchased a groupon for a 4 course seafood dinner for 2. Made our reservation for 4pm. We were the only ones in the restaurant but it was nice because Luby (sp?) and her staff were so attentive to us. She knew exactly who we were when we walked in and that we were having the 4 course meal. while we were there, there was a group of dancers practicing a dance for an event the next evening, so it was kind of cool getting dinner and a show. She said they have dance nights where diners can dance to salsa and other types of music.

She recommended that since we got our own choice for each course, that she just brings out one of each course option so we could try everything. I'm SO glad we did! Our first course was soup/salad. The soup was so delicious and the salad was simple but refreshing. She also recommended her house sangria, she told us she makes it herself so of course we had to try it. Now i'm not a drinker and i don't like wine, but this stuff was SOOOOO GOOOOD. it wasn't tart at all, it was perfectly sweet without being too sweet. it may be one of the top reasons i would visit again! after the soup and salad she brought out a plate of dolmares (rice stuffed grape leaves) and a plate of chorizo. they were delicious as well. our main seafood course was some grilled shrimp, calamari and some sort of fish, with a lemon garlic butter sauce and rice pilaf. holy cow, this seafood is to die for. the fish was perfectly moist, the squid wasn't chewy and the shrimp..... my boyfriend hates eating shrimp but he was bartering his fish for my shrimp pieces. the sauce was amazing. i'm salivating just thinking about the rice and fish with the sauce, it's so good! for the last course, she brought us baklava. my boyfriend had never had it before and he wasn't too sure about it, but after we each had a few bites he was asking if he could finish it. the food was great, the drinks were great and the service was wonderful.

i've never tried Portuguese food before this, and you can tell she makes everything with her heart and soul. Luby (sp?) was such a sweetheart to us, even when my boyfriend accidentally broke a wine glass and spilled sangria all over the floor and her leather chair! i have told so many people already about this place and i will be back here again to try her other dishes!
