gh6__q2WXFuyN8gt6VAnWw Hole in the wall from the outside, fantastic Portuguese food and service that treats you like you're family- Vila Algarve is so much more than I expected! Tucked away in an odd strip mall, the space has a bar and a dining room with a dance floor, live music and dance lessons, and some seriously bomb food.

HOUSE BREAD & SPREAD: Rolls are freshly oven-warmed and crisp, yogurt-eggplant spread is like a light version of babaghanoush, really tasty.
HOUSE MADE CHORIZO: Nicely seasoned with a little bit of spice, you gotta get this for the presentation: served flaming and cut tableside from a pig-shaped plate that is equal parts cute and tasty. Almost didn't get this but glad we did.
GRILLED HALLOUMI: Squeaky cheese with a spicy-zesty dipping sauce. I can't say I'm too familiar with this kind of cheese, and it seems best eaten before it cools too much, but I enjoyed trying this.
SNAILS: Different preparation than usual, served in a cream sauce with cheese and toast, but still quite a tasty way to enjoy these critters. Ask for extra bread, portion is larger than expected and very saucy. I'm a sucker for the more common garlic-wine sauce preparation but was pleased with this version!
GRILLED SARDINES: BF's pick. he loved them, I would have rather opted for the calamari. Served with grilled peppers, onions, and garlic, a quartet of petite grilled fish were served in a sea of olive oil. Add some of the table balsamic to brighten up the flavors a bit.
SEAFOOD PAELLA: Sharable $30 portion with three large shrimp, a few mussels, squid, chorizo, and chicken, with a soft saffron rice with only a slight bit of spice. Great version of a favorite dish, would get again.
CHOCOLATE CAKE: BF insisted on dessert, this cake had a nicely balanced flavor that wasn't too sugary. Unfortunately this seems to be kept refrigerated (and perhaps at too low of a temperature), resulting in an odd dryness throughout. This is served with fresh whipped cream.

Food was delightful, service was incredibly personable- one lovely lady was handling all four dinnertime tables, assisted by two staff. Meal was a leisurely pace, dishes were appropriately coursed, and by the end of our meal we were making notes for our selections for our next visit and hugging the owner as we walked out the door. A neighborhood gem. 

TIP: On Wednesdays and/or Thursdays they have live music and various dance lessons/groups, including salsa and swing.
