1aj4TG0eFq6NaPBKk6bK7Q I'm not quite sure I understand the mixed reviews for Jacques, as my husband and I have both had 3 excellent experiences here so far.  We recently temporarily moved in with family on this side of town and have been searching for a casual place to eat that has quality food and is not a chain. We are pretty picky about where we eat, like to support local businesses, and Jacques definitely fits the bill.  We can come in workout clothes or dress up a bit and it has a great atmosphere.  I love the decorations and the staff has been great.

Let's start with brunch... my husband had the breakfast burrito and he said it was delicious with nice highlights of veggies and butter.  I had a bite of his skillet potatoes which may have been the best I've had. Very tender inside with a nice crisp layer on the outside with just enough salt. I had their vegan quinoa special which was nice and refreshing.  It could have had more spice but overall it was a great meal.  I love how their dishes have lots of veggies in them and seems to be the highlight and not just a piece of kale garnish.  I also like that they use organic veggies and have gluten-free/vegan options too.  

Another time we had dinner there and I had the sweet potato fries and east/west salad.  Both very good and hit the spot.  The chicken I added to the salad was a little dry and I think they likely need to brine before cooking which could help.  My husband had the turkey burger with side salad and again said it was really tasty and lots of veggies which we both prefer. 

I also stopped by for a quick green smoothie for breakfast and it was really good and refreshing. I haven't tried any of the pastries, but I have my eye on the gluten-free brownie for a treat :) 

I would also say that the prices are very reasonable for the quality and service. Some dishes are higher in price than your average fast food, but others are really reasonable. The serving sizes are just right and I don't have to waste food. I am willing to pay a little more for better food. We will definitely be coming back!
