grHISDkIGwttYthhW8DxCQ I think this might have been my very favorite place in Montreal. The only bummer was that Adam was working, so he wasn't able to join me. DAMN, he missed out!!

La Crepe 2 Go is a really charming little spot with amazing, gigantic, beautiful crepes. The restaurant itself is really pretty tiny, only a few seats. If you're there at a busy time you might have to take your Crepe to-go, duh. I went around 2 PM on a Saturday, an hour before closing, and was able to sit at the little bar which looks out onto the street. Nothing better than people watching while eating delicious food!

There are sooo many flavors on the menu, both sweet and savory. I was seriously considering the "thyme," but ultimately decided on the "apple" from the sweet menu. Thankfully it wasn't too sweet - it was perfection. A huge fluffy crepe, perfect consistency and thickness, filled to the edge with warm apples and melted cheddar cheese. You gotta know that cheddar + apples is a phenomenal pairing, and with a little cinnamon and cranberries, I couldn't have been happier. A bunch of my favorite flavors all together. I even texted Adam the ingredients and he said, "that sounds just like you." :)

Of course my crepe was gluten free! The chef himself showed me their gluten free flour (Pamela's brand) and told me all about it, and mentioned that he's the only person in the area with a gluten free crepe option. I promise it tastes incredible. The chef and waitress, the only employees in there, were so friendly. I had the best time sitting at the counter with a crepe and a can of coke, hahah. Of course they have coffee as well, but I was craving my beloved coca cola.

I also loved how I could watch the chef make the crepes! The whole restaurant is just one small room with the "kitchen" in the center, so you can see everything that's happening. All surfaces were absolutely sparkling clean, and the ingredients so fresh. They didn't even cut up the apple until I ordered. WOO!

Wonderful restaurant with incredible crepes. I would return in a heartbeat.
