GS06uO84yKQpa7oezgVZgQ Great find tucked away down a little cobbled lane off Thistle Street. I arrived for lunch on a Thursday with 3 colleagues, having booked ahead the previous day for a table of 7. It's a fairly compact dining room inside so I'd no doubt wreaked havoc with their careful seating planning by turning up as a 4 (in my defence, the others bailed on me with only 5 min notice!), and yet I was received with a gracious smile, only a momentary forehead wrinkle and pause, then gestured towards a table for 4.

The service from then on was a little slow, particularly when there's only max ten tables in the place! But they did eventually bring over some menus and later refill bread and water. My boss is quite thrifty so we'd chosen it for the superby-valued express lunch deal, with 2 courses for £14.50. And what good value it was (if not as 'express' as you might expect from the name). The food was wonderful, and that's even after expectations were raised by knowing it's the restaurant of 2014's Scottish Chef of the Year. I'd also suspected we might get hamster-sized portions to nibble on but they were almost too generous. My colleagues were all slightly jealous of my tomato and crowdie (apparently it's a cheese!) starter which was bright and fresh. Then we all chose the venison stew for main, nicely avoiding any food envy. It was so tender you could actually eat it without a knife, though also so rich that I couldn't quite finish the large plate.

The interior of the place is almost stuck in a time warp, with this very olde worlde Parisian bistro feel to it. The incongruity of being in such a romantic little place with my boss and two other guys from my team was actually quite entertaining, in fact looking around most people on a weekday lunchtime seemed to be there on a work day to take advantage of the (not so-)express lunch. I liked the fact that they don't pack the tables in despite it being a small place, so it stays quite intimate and classy and I suppose helps them maintain the quality of the food - it really felt like they took time and care over each plate. Highly recommend for the value for money - I left suitably stuffed and found myself wishing my office had somewhere for an afternoon nap when I got back to work.
