Gu-xs3NIQTj3Mj2xYoN2aw Though run by Chinese, Maxim is not a Chinese style Western bistro.  It is an upscale casual bistro that happens to be run by Chinese.  And with this arrangement, Maxim offers exceptional value when compared to other casual fine dining establishments.  

Upon entry, I noticed the dim lighting, the white clothed tables, the pleasant and tasteful decoration and, you can't miss it, a wide selection of cakes in a refrigerated display case.

We ordered from the set dinner menu a Pickled Pork Hock with Sauerkraut and Potato ($19) and a Maxim's Mixed Grills ($22). Both came with roll and butter, starter soup, a piece of cake of your choice and a hot beverage. The Pork Hock was well portioned.  It was the size of a baseball (see pic). The flavour was bold, though not as complicated as the authentic pork hock at The Muskets. The meat was very juicy. The flavour was unfortunately one dimensional, but the tenderness and the juiciness of the meat made up for it. The Mixed Grills had a mix of steak, pork, sausage, and lamp chops (see pic). My BF said they chops were all tender and flavourful, though maybe salty for some. The cut of the meat was good.

I eagerly awaited the dessert because the cakes looked so pretty in the refrigerated display case.  There were maybe 10 types to choose from.  Patrons were expected to choose by viewing the case and ordered it through a wait staff back at table.  My BF chose a slice of Cappuccino Meringue and I chose a slice of Blueberry Almond Meringue.  I must say the Cappuccino Meringue was the better of the two.  

Is Maxim good? Yes, food tastes decent.  Is Maxim a good deal?  Oh 200% yes, if you order from the set menu.  The regular menu is rather pricey.  Is Maxim French?  I am not sure.  It tastes more continental to me.  The service was efficient and sufficient, yet definitely not refine by the standard of a casual fine dining restaurant.

Maxim is a solid choice if I feel like enjoying a Western meal in class but don't want to hurt my wallet too much.
