1aMxCG33wAoxjWoeRsl4BA i've been a big fan of guy savoy--i've been to the paris and las vegas restaurants several times. and it's always a highlight when the bread guy comes by with the huge assortment of breads.  so i was happy to try the brioche stand inside caesars.

overall--at 730 am, the banana/nutella morning bun was stale. they did their best to heat it up to revive--but honestly, nothing beats the taste and overwhelming body reaction to fresh pastries. this was not one of those moments. even bouchon at the venetian is so much better than this. i am sad to admit that the donuts at America (inside NY NY) are far superior to this.

i've heard (though haven't confirmed) that the reason why the pastries taste stale are... because they ARE stale.  are they baked every morning or day? is there an oven pumping them out every 2-3 hours?  Try, maybe every 3 days I've heard.  That's why they have to revive them in the mini-oven.  Will you get a freshly baked pastry or a two day old one? If you like gambling in vegas, this is your bakery.  i am absolutely open to putting updated information here if someone from management can confirm that the pastries are baked throughout the day, or at least daily.  please tell me what time they enter the stand so i can go there and wait to buy fresh ones. 

the service people are nice enough but often not waiting around the register. i know it's boring to stand there--and there's work to be done behind those swaying doors. but i often wait around for 10-30 seconds waiting to see if the stand has been abandoned. when no one is there, it does look closed really.  

if i were guy savoy...i don't know if i'd feel good about this place with my name on it.  if you had really fresh pastries cycling in (like those humble donut stores in LA) throughout the day, then i'd be a huge fan and willing to put out the "dough." but i don't think they grill up a steak 2 days before at Guy Savoy and then reheat it for you when you order it today, right?

rule of thumb--if the pastries are good, there is usually a line. or constant turnover. there is no need to reheat fresh pastries.  there is hardly a line for this humble set up. if it were better, though, i'm sure there would be a line as the location is actually fairly convenient and the pastries sound/look good. i want to like it--but for $10.22 for a coffee and a small pastry--it's a bit of a disappointment given the brand.
