gV63aLTQ06Nff0GzJ0tcUA I simply googled "French restaurants in Las Vegas" and turned a Friday date night into a formidable experience to remember. Maybe I should back up just a bit. Background : my girlfriend is studying French and recently finished a very tough exam on the subject which is one of her great passions. Everything French, speaking French, returning to France one day, etc and so on. Many of the conversations we have had about French and her studies have included the idea of dining out in a French restaurant in Las Vegas where she could order in French and speak candidly with someone to build her language skills and boost her confidence a bit. My search engine request, mentioned earlier, lead me to Alize, in The Palms hotel and casino. A wonderful representative, Jana, took my reservation yesterday and confidently explained that Gabriel Fontenier, captain at Alize spoke fluent French and could be requested as our waiter. Once the excitement sank in and marinated, the true beauty began to take shape. 
Starting with our confirmation call Friday afternoon before our 9pm dinner reservation, and confirmation that Gabriel would be able to assist us, leading into our professional greeting both downstairs and upstairs by each hostess when we arrived. Our window side table on the 56th floor, above all things Vegas, was only trumped by the amazing service provided by Gabriel throughout our meal and the incredible food prepared and delivered by such an amazing establishment and staff. I wish I had all of the names of the kind, professional and happy folks we encountered to acknowledge them here, but I digress. One of the most important reasons that people eat out in the first place is for the experience coupled with the service. This is a mark fantastically achieved by Alize. A culture that cultivates an excellent ambiance while remaining unique, professional and, for lack of a better vocabulary, happy. I would love to describe the chef's complimentary Hors d'oeuvres that began our meal in all of their uniquity, however, I am not in French culinary school and I did not take notes like a professional food critic but just understand that they were feats of brilliance with the aesthetic pleasure that sparks a memorable meal. I also forgot to take a picture, lol. They were great. Followed by the French onion soup and market greens, our dinner began gaining some serious momentum. The pace was perfect and really helps you understand some important aspects to fine dining. Our entrees came to the table like a main event at the MGM. All eyes were upon our aged ribeye and rack of lamb selections. Each course was described to us again as it arrived which I felt was a wonderful touch. We really were made to feel comfortable in such a prestigious atmosphere. Professionally treated as we belonged there this evening. The meal was tender and melted on the palette. The combinations complimented each other at every turn. Dessert was followed with coffee and tea and we never felt rushed even after 11pm. I also have to note the wine list and sommelier. I admired the selections and even recognized a few wines but I cannot say that I have ever met such a down to earth and friendly sommelier with such a welcoming smile. His confidence and candor made us feel very easy and at home and I look forward to repeating this entire experience with such an amazing team again in the near future. Thank you to the entire staff at Alize and thank you sincerely to Gabriel for going above and beyond for us on this late Friday evening.


https://www.tripadvisor.com/ShowUserReviews-g45963-d422665-r364533172-Alize_at_the_Palms-Las_Vegas_Nevada.html#
