gV63aLTQ06Nff0GzJ0tcUA I dined here for an anniversary dinner with my girlfriend, and I was blown away at the views from this restaurant. People have always raved about the views, and to actually see the skyline from our dinner table was spectacular.

We made a reservation through OpenTable, and was seated relatively quickly. Because I was in a suit, I found it very nice that they had a coat check area. I was there a couple of minutes early, but the hostess was very kind enough to have us seated earlier. Upon arriving at our table, we find a chest box that says 'Happy Anniversary. Open is at the end of your visit.' From then on, our attention was shifted to this mysterious box.

As we were waiting for our server to come and greet us, I happened to notice that many of the customers that were dining were all there on either special occasions or even meetings and social gatherings. This place screams out romantic.

We did the tasting menu, and we were able to get a deal through TravelZoo for a gift card off of the price. It was a five course meal, off of a pre-selected menu, and the cuisine was served to us in such a professional and classy manner.

The food was something different, as I have never tried French cuisine before, but it was definitely memorable. My girlfriend and I still laugh about it to this day. For our entree we 'enjoyed' the delicate taste of Foie Gras. If you haven't had it before, you should definitely experience it for yourself.

At the end of your visit, we finally opened the box to see that there was a little cupcake that we could take home with us. It was this nice and interesting touch that they gave to us as they gave us the key at the end to open the box, and it just leaves your mind to wander what is in the box.

The only reason why I deducted a star from the review was because there was literally no space to maneuver while you were in the restaurant. Tables were elbow close, and you could tell the servers have trained for walking in these close knit areas. Another thing that bothered me was their sommelier. When I told him we weren't drinking for the evening, he gave me a rude dismissal, and basically treated me like a non-privileged customer.

I would definitely recommend this restaurant to other customers, and would return if the situation arises.
