gV63aLTQ06Nff0GzJ0tcUA My husband made reservations at this restaurant for my birthday dinner. We had reservations at 6:30 and had the restaurant to ourselves for a good 45 minutes before any other guests arrived. We had a window table with a fantastic view of the strip from the Stratosphere all the way down to Mandalay Bay, as this restaurant is on the 56th floor of the ivory tower in the Palms Hotel/Casino.

We arrived and our waiter Salvano greeted us and took our drink orders. We ordered off of the tasting course menu. This menu consist of 7 courses. You have a choice of 3 options for each course including one vegetarian option. So the variations are numerous. My husband and I decided to get different entrees for each course to maximize our experience to taste as much of the menu as possible.

The first course was a complimentary sampling from the chef. It was pheasant with filo dough wrap, with a strawberry puree, and a cauliflower puree soup. It was a nice surprise to start the evening from the chef.

1st course: Russian Golden Ostera caviar and Truffle caviar.($20 supplement)

2nd course: Ribeye Carpaccio and Maine Lobster and herb salad

3rd course: Sauteed foie gras and Chilled terrine of foie gras

4th course: King crab leg croustillant and Tempura calamari

5th course: Sauteed Dove Sole and Red Snapper

6th course: Aged beef ribeye and Spring rabbit

Chef palate cleanser consist of meringue coating around grapefruit puree and poppyseed sauce.

7th course. Gran Marinier souffle and Chocolate souffle.

Overall the dishes were decent size. The variety and flavors in each course made it so unique and delicious. With the foie gras the waiter recommended a glass of Sauternes wine, which was a pairing. The service was impeccable, even when it got busy the wait staff worked as a team to keep up the incredible service. Every waiter was knowledgeable and described in detail each dish as they served it. The view is priceless especially as dusk turned to night and you could see a clear view of the strip lighting up. Awesome!!. Walked out feeling as if we had spent the day at the spa. Totally relaxed and satisfied. Definitely recommend Alize for a very special occasion.
