gV63aLTQ06Nff0GzJ0tcUA Located on the Palm's fifty-sixth floor, Alizé boasts a nonpareil view of the strip. In fact, I would go so far as to aver that no Michelin star restaurant on the west coast presents a more panoptic landscape. Okay let me stop there before my verbal incontinence leads to any further description of the restaurant's seductively Elysian setting. 

On to the food. With little more than a minute's rumination, we decided on the seven course tasting menu, spending well over two and one-half hours enjoying the boldly flavored fare.

First course: Piquillo pepper stuffed crab with avocado and horseradish cream. The cruciferous cream tamed the crab, and the pepper added a bit more heat and smokiness. Any concern about too much spice was offset by the chilled avocado.

Second course: Duck confit, spinach salad, brioche, quail egg, fried pearl onions, and black truffle vinaigrette. Spinach really lightened what would have otherwise been a dense course. The vinaigrette, too, humbled the unctuous confit and yolk. 

Third Course: Seared foie gras, roasted macadamia nut, orange segments, and poached pears. Speaking of unctuous, the foie quickly became my favorite course - that is until the prime rib arrived. Not only was the liver executed to perfection - properly deveined and perfectly cooked - but who would oppose duck fat in consecutive courses?

Fourth course: Dover sole with assorted vegetables on truffle pomme pureé. This, we were told, is Rochet's signature dish. While delicious and texturally pleasing, I preferred the Daniel Boulud's skate dish. Ordering sole off the a la carte menu will do some serious damage at $67.

A Raspberry sorbet palate cleanser came out and served its purpose as a light and airy treat. 

Fifth course: Prime rib eye, butter glazed oyster mushroom, parmesan and sweet potato gratin. As the server lifted the metallic lid, a wind of butter and rosemary diffused through the air, imparting hints of verdant forests. Pink and tender, the rib eye deserved to serve as the meal's crescendo. The lid became a mixed blessing for my dining companions as the heat steamed the meat, inadvertently overcooking a piece.

Sixth course: Cheese. Roquefort's strength confidently marches right past any aged blue cheese; in isolation Roquefort comes close to overpowering; fortunately, though, several pieces of bread accompanied the course.

Seventh course: Pineapple fritter with macadamia caramel ice cream, hazelnut crusted dark chocolate marquise and espresso custard. With so many distinct flavors, the desserts almost merited individual palate cleansers before traversing the plate's hilly partitions. I strategically decided to finish the espresso custard last, thus obviating the need for coffee. 

The petite fours were okay.
