gV63aLTQ06Nff0GzJ0tcUA This meal was outstanding!

First off, I had let them know earlier in the day that we would be late to our reservation due to the fact we bought tickets for a show the same night not realizing how long it was.. no problem! Then we arrived even later due to a traffic issue; they didn't even ask us or seem bothered. Super cool.

Our server for the night was very French, very nice, very knowledgable and very cool. 

I was giggling in excitement over the tasting menu, everything was beautifully plated, tasted amazing and was just so flavorful.

This was definitely one of the most fancy restaurants I have ever been to.

The view is amazing, the food is excellent and it's just so nice.

I let them know it was my birthday ahead of time and they left a little note with a key on the table (which later opened a box with a surprise! so cute!).

I bought a tasting menu deal on Travelzoo after I had already booked a reservation for my birthday- there were plenty of other items on the menu that looked absolutely delicious but the tasting menu was outstanding! 

I started off with a "Tuileries" cocktail and totally botched pronouncing the name; our host for the night kindly corrected me when I asked and did not make me feel sheepish. It was DELICIOUS! Made with violet liqueur, mildly floral and very refreshing.

The first dish was a cucumber soup with a small "salad" type scattering upon a sheet of gelatin.  Wow! I don't even like cucumber; but it was seasoned so well I actually enjoyed it!

My date tried the king crab dish which was on top of a potato puree, he absolutely loved it. 

I had this sort of tomato salad with crispy little cubes of bread, rhubarb, feta cheese and a truffle balsamic; it was salty and the ingredients were SO so fresh. 

Selections of pretzel, french and a rice flour rye bread are available, all three were tasty. 

My date enjoyed the prosciutto wrapped lamb, my "main" was a delicious abalone mushroom dish which had beautiful sear marks and was on a sauce that had some sort of tumeric or middle eastern flare to it- it was very hearty and I liked the sauce, it was unique.

We both had a salad course that came wrapped in cucumber with several types of greens and a fresh herbal dressing and roquefort cheese- YUM!

I tried the white asparagus; it was the least exciting dish of the night, I don't even recall what it was served with.. it was okay.

Dessert was included and it was the first time I had ordered a souffle; grand marnier souffle to say the least! It was delicate and rich at the same time. My date got the cheesecake, it was some sort of citrus, it was also incredible.

For such small plates the six courses filled us up. We ordered espresso and lingered a bit. 

The service was impeccable, I felt very welcomed even though we were the most casually dressed patrons in the room, and each dish was good, great or outstanding.

I will absolutely be back and happily pay the $40-$50 per entree for the experience again. Thank you staff, we SO enjoyed visiting you guys!
