gV63aLTQ06Nff0GzJ0tcUA I wish I could gush about Alize'. In fact, I SHOULD be gushing about Alize'. As you trip over the pile of James Beard Awards and Michelin stars at the front entrance, you expect this to be an amazing dining experience. There's not a bad view of the Strip from any seat on this top-floor restaurant. And the waiters are immaculately attentive, cycling out each course with a clean table, a smile, and a coordinated dish presentation with a full description of every item in every dish every. single. time!
  BUT. It feels like the chef made the restaurant to impress other CHEFS--not fans of fine cuisine.  Just based off the barage of fancy options, I was sold on the Tasting Menu. $150 a person, but hey, it was an 8-course meal, I'm sure there's value to this! Well...you know that cliche' you see in movies on occasion where the waiter brings an individual dot of food on a massive plate? This is one of those places. I've been to my fair share of fine dining restaurants in this city, and I DO NOT hesitate to drop money on a good meal....but this was the first time that I didn't feel a real VALUE to what I was paying. Don't get me wrong--the morsels of food I had were really good! But the problem was, that morsel made you immediately wish you had a more SUBSTANTIVE portion of it.  The scallop (singular!) was perfectly cooked, with a broad range of textures. The tiny slice of beef wellington was the best I've ever had! The lamb RIB (SINGULAR...once again!) was tender, juicy, and wonderfully grilled, too.
  But it feels that the true effort with the Tasting Menu is given more to DISPLAY and PRESENTATION than it is to making a real fullfilling and well-rounded meal. There's a barrage of different plate shapes and sizes, ranging from a rounded-corner triangle to a transparent glass circle resting on a cross-section of a log. An ridiculously elaborate coffee brewer is assembled at  your table to give you great coffee 15 minutes later. Silverware is perpetually replaced. If this restaurant just transferred some of that energy into EMPHASIZING the a la carte menu, or minimizing the Tasting Menu into four larger courses, making the coffee optional, and trading out forks and knives, I feel that I would've enjoyed that Tasting Menu substantially more.
