gV63aLTQ06Nff0GzJ0tcUA A lot has been written about this place, certainly one of the top places to eat in Las Vegas.  A spectacular view and top-notch service complement outstanding new French food.  The wine list comes on an iPad and while it's cool to do that, the interface and organization of the list is cumbersome and you still have to speak with a person to order wine - imagine that!  That being said, the sommelier capably steered us towards a delicious Vouvray to start the meal but couldn't stop us from ordering a Dolcetto d'Alba that had seen better days.

The tasting menu is a delicious choice.  It's a unique testing menu in that there are three choices for each course (one of which is vegetarian) - there are 7 courses and therefore 21 different tasting menus can be selected.  Furthermore, when ordering tasting menus, most restaurants have an "all or none" rule - either everyone orders it or no one orders it - however Alize does not require this - so we could all order what we wanted.

I had the tasting menu.  I have to agree with other Yelpers that the seared foie gras is outstanding - what a revelation to have it properly seasoned!  Other highlights included the tempura calamari and the ahi tuna.  The rabbit three-way (get your mind out of the gutter!) gets a demerit for the bone-in rack which was impossible to eat because the chine bone (spine) was not removed.  Some of the other courses were just ok, not spectacular, in particular my pear beignet dessert was nothing to speak of (sorry, I spoke of it).  My friend had the roasted pineapple and banana cake - now that was delicious!

As an aside, this being a top destination in Vegas, there are a lot of "pretty people" dining here.   A couple came in and we noticed them because of their attire - so casual to be practically backwoods - he with a messy pony tail and unkempt beard, and she with a drab smock-like top and lack of makeup.  This is Vegas, baby, and these guys looked like they should be on a pedestrian bridge selling water.  Anyhow, during our meal the sommelier came out with a wine cart and a dusty bottle of wine.  He worked the cork for what seemed like several minutes, taking it out in two pieces, and then decanted it lovingly over a candle in the old-school French way.  We found out that he was opening a 1981 Mouton-Rothschild - not something you see everyday.  We wondered who in the restaurant could have ordered that ... on the wine list it was about $850.  We scanned the dining room, checking out the various bedecked diners,  but to our surprise, it was the plainly dressed couple that we had "dressed down" earlier!  Wow, you really can't judge a book by it's cover.
