gxMa7j1LXIUxxBoP0osDpA CONGRATS! Nice food HORRIBLE service with attitude by far the worst  this year! 

Food:  appetizer : good: tarte tatin fois gras and échalottes
main: cold salad, too smoked salmond ( very salted), frozen butter, sent it back salmond, still came cold, Salad was great and the smoked salmon nice but a bit salty for my taste, Ate everything, so this is a good sign.


The quality of the bathroom in a restaurant is very important. So I went down to visit. The beige tiles looked very old and did not look too clean either.

By the time I came back,  the waitresses moved my table.  I was sitting on the banquette along the wall.  The problem is that it is not a real banquette, there are just cushions put side by side. By moving my table I ended up right in the crack between 2 cushions you can imagine that was very uncomfortable.

Service:  so I moved my table back to it's original place then started getting the attitude problem from waitress: sort of like:  why did I moved the table back to its original place?

Service: ordered dessert, then got really pissed off with waitress attitude, Apparently moving table was considered a major offense for her.

So I was ready to run from there looking forward to get home and finish my nice expensive wine when I realized that  they did not kept the cork of my bottle on the table. I asked her what she did with my cork, and her answer was that is was trowed away in the garbage.   She came back and tried to fit an old cork found in the garbage on my nice bottle of wine.

Service: it is a BYOW, so why do they throw away the cork or twist offs in the first place? She spoiled my bottle by tring to fit an old dirty cork on my bottle and I had to left it there 

That was enough for me and I ask for the check 59.95$ and I paid 60$ (exactly .05$ over the price) with no intentions to pay any more. The junior waitresses came back and told me that service was not included.  I tried to explain that service was not acceptable then I was ordered  to leave immediately otherwise I would be expelled, to my astonishment and the people sitting next to me.  I offered them my wine and left.

In North America, gratuities is according to the quality of service. Those 2 waitresses there thought I was the problem. 60$ for good meal, 20$ for wine with real bad attitude is not worth the money or time. 80$ with this kind of attitude is not admissible. Shame on you at HAUTAIN

This is not a typo this is what you are not O thym
