gxMa7j1LXIUxxBoP0osDpA Last summer I took a spontaneous roadtrip to Montreal. No plans. Just got in the car and drove 6 hours due north from NYC. Arrived. Checked into a hotel. Then it hit me...in being so spontaneous I now found myself sitting in my second favorite city in North America sans dinner reservations, and my two staples of Montreal trips, Au Pied de Cochon and Joe Beef were, naturally, booked solid. Suddenly my spontaneity seemed to be my downfall.

It's difficult to have a bad meal in Montreal. There's a lot of great food there. That being said, there are also a lot of tourist traps. The last thing I wanted was to blindly head to just any restaurant, spend a lot of money, and get ripped off. I spent an hour or so wandering around, and nothing felt right. Then, I happened to be walking by O'Thym just as they were opening for the evening, and though they were booked for their first seating, they had a cancellation and were able to squeeze me into one of the tables towards the back. I wasn't sure how to parse the white walls and Thierry Guetta prints...I liked the minimalism, but it felt "cold". I started wondering if I had a made a mistake...if this was going to be one of those uber-pretentious places that serve you thimble-sized portions with an ingredient list longer than most Samuel Beckett plays.

However, all of my worry disappeared as soon as I had the first taste of the complimentary chilled cucumber soup. It was incredibly refreshing (it was really hot outside), and left me wanting more. The best sweetbreads I have ever eaten were at Bayona in New Orleans. The sweetbreads at O'Thym were a very close second. Up next was a palette-cleansing sorbet, followed by my main course, a Venison loin. I love venison. My father used to hunt deer, and I spent a good chunk of my childhood and adolescence with deer meat in our freezer. It was a staple food growing up. Unfortunately, most people don't know how to cook it. I am not exaggerating when I state that this was the best venison, by leaps and bounds, that I have ever eaten. Not the least bit gamey, as tender as most filet mignons, incredibly flavorful, perfectly cooked. Even though I have eaten venison hundreds of times, I honestly did not know that venison could be like that.
