hIUKufhwR6Ifn7bi0-phLA Eight miles southwest of the strip, in an area that's mostly comprised of businesses, but slowly becoming more residential, lies Baguette Cafe. Given the locale and demographics, they're only open mornings and early afternoon until 3 pm. On the bright side, they're open on weekends too, for those in Vegas for weekend trips.

I love pesto, so when I saw the pesto grilled sandwich listed, I knew I had to order it. You get your choice of chicken and bacon or eggplant. Of course, I picked chicken and bacon. The sandwich is so good - my favorite part was the bread. Haha. 

The croissants had been freshly baked, so I also got the croissant and egg with turkey. The croissant itself was flaky and buttery. Definitely my favorite part of this item. Both the croissant and egg and the grilled sandwich came with a side of salad.

BF ordered the drip coffee. For 16 oz., it came in this huge mug, with separate containers to add cream and sugar to taste. A nice complement to our sandwiches.

There's indoor and outdoor patio seating. We opted outside because indoors was a bit warm (from the baking and cooking, maybe?), but outside had its challenges as well because the wind picked up and wrestled with our loose napkins and paper. Other than the blustery breeze, the outdoor patio seating would've been great during a normal sunny day.

The food experience so far would've been 5 stars, but we also got some pastries to go since the food was so good. We ordered two fresh croissants, a chocolate croissant, and the chocolate twist. I read rave reviews for the chocolate twist so I was excited to see it in stock. We took it to go to later enjoy in the hotel room. While the croissant was fresh and delicious, the chocolate croissant was okay, and the chocolate twist was the disappointing one of all. It must have been sitting in the display case for a reason because there was white stringy things on the chocolate part of the twist. I thought it was crystallized sugar but it wasn't. Ended up tossing the twist in the trash since it wasn't salvagable. =/

Will return for the sandwiches, but not for the baked goods itself.
