-4TMQnQJW1yd6NqGRDvAeA The food is amazing Chef Matt Carter certainly knows what he is doing with his new concept. The menu is well-rounded and has a bit of European influence, with a touch of South American and Asian if that makes sense. Pretty much a little bit of everything. 

The owners did an amazing job decorating what I came to find out was the second oldest home in Scottsdale. A truly beautiful dining experience. The bar is lively and fun, yet the patio is intimately different in a way that makes you feel like you aren't i the Scottsdale tourist district. 

We were greeted with complimentary champagne upon arrival and enjoyed the most fabulous cocktails and shared plates at the bar before seating (the bar menu is ridiculous). Bartenders have tons of personality and you can see how much they pay attention to the details of their craft with the way they make their cocktails and one even showed us some of the many syrups and liquors they make in "House". 

We then moved to one of the Cabana tables by the front of the restaurant (closest to Main St). It felt like we had our own private dining room in the middle of a candle lit garden setting. We continued with some very competitively priced reserved wines and even worked our way into their extensive beer list. Our server explained that the dining style of "The House" was to order a few of the larger Entree/Main Dishes along with several sides and shared plates to accompany them for the group to enjoy the meal in a family style environment while also giving everyone at the table the opportunity to both try and taste everything was the best way to go. Our server certainly gave us the right direction because every plate left empty and everyone loved everything. 

Several people ordered dessert which all looked amazing, but I saved myself for what our server said was "The House Irish Coffee". I have been to the Buena Vista in San Francisco where this drink was created, but their version was absolutely unreal. I am not sure exactly which person working at "The House" came up with the recipe for that cocktail but I need to shake their had because they truly revolutionized an amazing classic in their own special way. Perfect nightcap to an amazing evening with great friends.
