hIUKufhwR6Ifn7bi0-phLA I am writing this review while finishing one of the best tarts I've ever ordered here. I am a full believer in having goals, my biggest, is to get through a meal to enjoy dessert! Baguette Cafe makes it extremely easy because their not-super-sweet, sweets, are as beautiful to look at as they are to taste! 

I must start with savory! They have a very decent sized menu that includes quiche, breakfast sandwiches, salads, cold sandwiches, grilled sandwiches, and usually 2 homemade soups. And one of those soups is almost always vegan. Today they had Brussel Sprout and Creamy Pumpkin. I opted for Brussel Sprout and it was FANTASTIC. It was savory, creamy, and VEGAN. I would have put money on the fact there was at least cream or chicken stock in that velvety, perfect green soup. I've tried the chicken pesto sandwich and it was delicious, today I had The 3 Cheese with chicken. I LOVE goat cheese and they put the perfect amount to pair with the tomato basil pesto. I've had The 3 Cheese with prosciutto before as well, next time I'm doing bacon(not actually on the menu, just sounds good)! The sandwiches come with simply dressed mixed greens. If you'd like a heftier salad I recommend the Crunchy Green, it's not often you find jicama in a salad!

Okay, now the tarts!!! They are pretty infamous for the chocolate tart, which is decadent! I've enjoyed an amazing mixed berry and an apricot too. But today I was lucky enough to run into the plum cinnamon tart and the two flavors together is perfect. The crust is made with GREAT butter! If you know anything about baking, especially French treats, you HAVE to use amazing butter. They place beautiful pieces of seasonal fruit in this beautiful egg custard then into this perfectly semi-salted buttery crust. I recommend starting with the crust on this beauty, then working your way to the tip. The only way to make it better is to add a perfect iced americano! 

Do yourself a favor and check out Baguette Cafe, their 4.5 star rating tells you this place is every bit as tasty as the reviews say.
