1eBAbrAsgc5eImp2ahjFgw My girlfriend and I went to this much praised restaurant & bar after being referred to it by the whisky ambassador for Jim Beam. Upon entering we were pleased to see that they were well stocked with a vast quantity of spirits, a great collection of bitters and a good many house-made cordials and flavouring syrups. 

We were greeted by a male bartender. We immediately hit it off with a friendly conversation about the great layout the establishment had and his response made us believe that he was a long-time employee.

He offered to "craft" me a cocktail based on my taste preference that we had just discussed and I eagerly agreed. He went on and on about how amazing of a "mixologist" he was. 

When I received my cocktail, I was surprised to find it undrinkable. He tasted it from the left-over in the shaker and quickly responded that the proportions were wrong and that he'd make me another one right away. When the corrected cocktail was served to me, I found it once again sub-par. But I was polite and told him that it alright, offering him some suggestions on different bitters and whisky brand that I would recommend making it with. His facial expression to my own knowledge of the spirits and industry was obviously an insult to him because he abruptly cut our conversation short and spent the next half hour flirting with a group of girl customers at the other end of the bar, not once looking over to see if we needed anything. 

When we finally managed to catch his attention (after walking over to the other end of the bar to ask him for our bill) I was shocked to see that he had charged us for three drinks: my girlfriend's' and both of mine, that is, the one I drank and the one that he messed up and threw away. I had to remind him that he voluntarily remade my drink and argued for a few minutes before he finally fixed our bill. 

I see from other reviews on this website that other people have had terrible service from this bar and the bartender's attitude seem an obvious problem. This place could be great if their attitude was as amazing as the selection of spirits they have in stock. I certainly will not be going back.
