hIUKufhwR6Ifn7bi0-phLA I've died and gone to heaven. Seriously. I also have just gotten home and taken my first bite and felt compelled to let people know what they are missing out on. 

I've always bypassed this place before because it's tucked away and hard to get to and is only open during the week during business hours so I never had the opportunity. But now that I'm on a schedule that can accommodate theirs and seeing all the rave reviews I was compelled to come here in my pajamas in search of breakfast. 

I was greeted immediately upon entering and apparently by the look on my face Olivier asked if I had been there before. I told him I was a first-timer and he proceeded to offer me recommendations on their most popular items and informed me of their baking style (from scratch and throughout the day). I went with their popular omelet on a croissant (fresh out of the oven) with bacon. He also asked me if I would like anything to drink; I ended up getting a decaf americano (yea for illi coffee). My mouth started drooling at the sight, smell, and introduction to their cranberry croissant and chocolate croissant (also fresh out of the oven). I caved once my omelet croissant and coffee were ready and asked for one of each to go as well. 

The establishment itself is small but cute. Indoor and outdoor seating as well as a small loveseat with a table. Norah jones was playing on the overhead (bonus points). Next time I'm definitely dining in. 

On to the food - freakin awesome deliciousness. Words do not do them justice. The food tastes as good as it smells. The croissants are the real deal. Light and fluffy and to the demise of my waistline. I might just say it. The omelet croissant was perfect. I can't even describe it well enough to do it justice. How does an omelet croissant melt in your mouth?? Just try it. The chocolate croissant was decadent. Again light and fluffy croissant with chocolate embedded in it's fluffy goodness. Pairs well with coffee. The cranberry croissant had a high bar to meet, I think I was already on sensory overload by the time I got to it, so I may have to try it on a clean palette to give it a fair shake. 

I'm already hooked. Time to introduce my husband to this little slice of heaven. I already can't wait!!
