hIUKufhwR6Ifn7bi0-phLA Really nice and friendly place, although located in an awkward location (makes sense though and pretty smart), right next to the 215 and Durango, requiring a little loop-around by taking sunset and into the business plaza to the end. Seating available inside and outside. 

Past few times I have tried this place, it is the owner who has been taking my order. SUPER friendly and really knowledgeable... think i remember someone telling me he is a school trained chef? ANYWAY. Very nice greeting and always suggests their daily specials. OH also another note about this guy.. He will secretly take note of your name if you pay by credit card, and he will give a personalized good-bye as your leave ! very surprised ! Also ! they do not do numbers or what not to "signify" where the order goes. If you tell them where you are sitting, it will get to you in a timely manner. 

One of their most popular sandwiches is the Chicken Curry Sandwich. Past 2 times, that is what i have ordered. Spice level made to your desire. Moist chicken, melted cheese, and a nice yellow curry sauce super flavorful all in a nice toasted ciabatta-like bread. 

Both times that i have sat at the restaurant, i have paired with my sandwich, a hot Mocha Rocha. HUGE cup (with a tiny handle) topped with a drizzle of chocolate sauce and whipped cream (if preferred). Nice flavor. Not too sweet, not too strong (for the not-so-much coffee drinkers) 

The other time, i ordered a pork loin sandwich. I actually forgot what the sauce is but it pairs with the moist cooked pork loin really well. Shaved fresh Parmesan cheese, organic spinach, and tomatoes. Wonderful combination in a toasted bread. 

Very nice atmosphere and good tasting food. Really do plan on coming back later in the year, when the weather is SLIGHTLY warmer and sit outside to enjoy the sun while either working or reading a book. been searching everywhere for a NICE place to hang out on a clear sunny day (one of the few very lacking things in this city)
