hIUKufhwR6Ifn7bi0-phLA I'm a true night owl at heart and I was so looking forward in trying this place that I literally set my alarm clock to wake up super early to beat the lunch crowd here.

The location may seem like a scavenger hunt... if you're coming from Rainbow Blvd., making a right onto W. Sunset Rd., you'll drive up and when you see tall office buildings and shiny reflective windows, you'll know you're almost there.. make a left as soon as you see an entry to go in... stay on the left side of the whole complex and when you see the office building number 8337, it's behind that building and you'll be making a slight right passing it. Baguette Cafe will be next to Bank of America. Hope these directions help in your hunt if you decide to give this cafe a try.

I walked in and was greeted right away with a friendly, sweet smile from a gentleman named Olivier. He asked me my name and if I worked in one of the offices nearby and I told him no, but that I stopped by because I wanted to try this cafe. He was happy that I came here and started to passionately talk about what's the specials are today and specifically told me each ingredient that were in those dishes. He was very informative as if he knew everything by heart to the very last seasoning. I love it when you can tell when someone has the "fire" for flavor and food... He enjoyed telling me everything as if he was sharing his favorite recipe with me. All this, while I don't have any makeup on... I know scary right??!?!? It's not even Halloween yet!! Yikes! And he still treated me as if I was his #1 guest. 

I ended up trying the Prosciutto Baguette which consist of: mixed greens, tomato, prosciutto, salami, blue cheese, walnut, and celery spread. My sandwich and a handful portion of mixed green salad that had a tangy dressing on top of it was plated on a rectangular white glass dish. Olivier brought me some utensils and hope I enjoy my meal. 

From the first look at this Baguette.. I was afraid the bread would be tougher than leather to chew and harder than rock to break glass.. BUT it wasn't at all the case. It was tough on the outside, since most baguette are made that way and soft in the inside... almost spongy. The bread was good, but I was chewing way more than I ever did when eating a sandwich. I actually woke up the next day with a slight sore jaw, but I remember Olivier mentioning that I can order it Panini- style instead of Baguette. There wasn't anything wrong with the Baguette, as a matter of fact the whole sandwich was satisfying and all the ingredients complimented each other. The celery spread tasted light and fresh with a touch of tartness... it kept me guessing what's in it, but it was a delicious spread that softened the saltiness of the freshly cut prosciutto. The walnuts even made it mellow, in a sense giving it a smooth flavor. The blue cheese wasn't so profound, but you can taste it was there. Overall, I did enjoyed this meal. I washed my palate down with some Green Tea Pomegranate Iced Tea that they served there. It was the bitter kind without having any sugar, but I like it sometimes like that. 

I bought two muffins on my way out: the Pumpkin and Strawberry. I recall Olivier bringing out a fresh batch of muffins when I first walked in the cafe... they ran out of the Banana Nut Muffin, which I wanted to try, but the Pumpkin Muffin was out of this world delicious! I originally was only going to one bite and start my errands, but it so happens that before I knew it... I did my own magical act and the Pumpkin Muffin disappeared in thin air into my tummy. I know I didn't know I had such talent, but I was still in disbelief that I ate it all in a few seconds. Poof!! Abbra Cudabbra give me another Pumpkin muffin!! :( Sadly I couldn't make it happen and my muffin bag was still empty... darn. I saved the Strawberry Muffin for my date and he asked me if it was still good?!??! Ooo I wanted to hit him upside his head, but no no I'm not a violent person so I told him.. of course it's still good, they made it today!!! What?!? Is he crazy to think I'm going to give him a rotten, spoiled muffin??! Come on! He later told me he ate it for breakfast the next day and it was good. 

This cafe isn't a fast food order and BAM it comes out in a flash... no siree bob... they make it after you order and use the freshest ingredients. If you have time to relax, then you'll enjoy this place... but if you want something quick... maybe a salad or muffin doesn't take that long... they have a good selection of salads if that's something you are looking for. Fraps, hot chocolate, smoothies too! They have outside seating as well and bring out the food for you when it's ready. They even play catchy, fun even romantic french music.. nice listening pleasure while you grab a bite to eat or wanting to relax over some tea or coffee. 

Even though it might be challenging to find this cafe, you'll be happy you took the journey to find it.
