hIUKufhwR6Ifn7bi0-phLA I went here for the first time today, after driving past it on the 215 many times (and being persuaded by the excellent reviews).
My friend and I went a little while before noon, and it was pretty empty. By the time 12:05 came, there was a line to the door!

The service was superior to any other place I've had in Las Vegas. The owner, Olivier, greeted us and spent the time to tell us about the soups and sandwiches of the day. He even asked for our names. The other workers were very attuned to our needs. One of them replaced my napkin and fork when my first ones were used up (usually I have to ask for new napkins). 

I ordered the Turkey Sandwich, a Vanilla Latte Frappe, and a chocolate twist pastry (I don't remember the French name for it.)

The sandwich was very good. The bread was fresh, and it came with mixed greens; much better than traditional shredded iceberg lettuce! There was mayonnaise on it (which was not stated on the menu). I hate mayo, but I happily gobbled it up because the sandwich was so yummy!

The Vanilla Latte Frappe is similar to a Starbuck's Vanilla Bean Frappucino, but a thousand times better! It may be due to the Illy-brand espresso, but the frappe at Baguette Cafe tasted super fresh, homemade, and not too sweet. Loved it!

My friend and I each ordered a pastry for dessert. I got a chocolate twisty thing, and my friend got a chocolate tort-type thing (it looked like a slice of pie.) Olivier told us that he would keep the pastries chilled for us until we were ready to eat them, because otherwise the chocolate would melt. Any other place would have just handed us the food to get it out of the way, but I could tell they have pride in their food! The two pastries we tried were amazing and tasted like a piece of heaven. 

The only things I would change about this place is the ambiance (there isn't much decoration on the walls or anything fancy about it), and the hours. I would have come here a long time ago if it were open later, or on weekends!

I will definitely be coming back, many times.
