hIUKufhwR6Ifn7bi0-phLA I've just had a flash of horror - HORROR! I've never reviewed Baguette Cafe? But-but-but... it's the best restaurant in Las Vegas! I was there just twice last week!

This is the restaurant that made me say, "I've got to go to France." This is the restaurant my sandwich-avoiding husband never says "no" to... and the menu is mostly sandwiches. 

My fave is the grilled eggplant panini and whatever the daily soup is. (The onion soup - so often made with beef stock elsewhere - is vegetarian here! And the little toasted bread slices they serve with the soup - crunchy and chewy at once? Mmm!) 

The three-cheese panini is also tasty, which is saying something because I find gorgonzola to be unacceptably strong except in itty-bitty amounts. But this is the sandwich that made me say, "Okay, this is why people like stinky cheeses." (Everything about Baguette Cafe makes me chatty.)

The bread.... ahh.... (I'm speechless. Gotta get to France. Gotta get to France.)

Oh, and don't miss the cream of carrot soup with coconut milk and fresh ginger. (Which I see, as I type, gets name-checked in other reviews. In what world is carrot soup such a star?! In a world where everything at the Baguette Cafe tastes like sparkling mouth-magic!) 

Look, I'm not a soup-fiend. I like soup, but I don't take a detour for it, not on a buffet line and not on the road... until Baguette Cafe. I find myself wondering - from my home a mere crow mile away - what the day's soup is and, shazam, next thing you know I'm hanging out by the counter, watching Olivier (the master of the magic), Olivier's mom (so friendly, so skilled), and the ever-enthusiastic Shelby do their thing.

And on days when their "thing" includes quiche, my husband does the eye-flutter of bliss. "The best I've had in my life," he says.

I'm not sure I'm exaggerating when I say this is the best food in Las Vegas. Yes, it's in a strip mall in an office park. No, it's not fancy inside (but it is very clean, comfortable, with the option outdoor seating). Yes, the menu is mostly soup and sandwich-based (but with smoothies and frou-frou coffee drinks and a case full of delicious, delicious cookies, muffins, and French pastries). No, you can't visit after 5 o'clock (and that's probably why there isn't a line across the parking lot).

Heaven knows we have so many wonderful places to eat in this city, but the taste here is really special, bringing a non-stop complexity of "umami" - a word I hate to use (buzzword bingo!), but which perfectly describes the fullness of flavour in every bite of anything you get here.

Add a bottle of ginger ale from the "Fresh Ginger" people, a spicy nearly "ginger brew"-type drink where you can see the ginger and sugar sediment at the bottom of the pale liquid, and your lunch will be complete.
