HL6ZzGF7V-KDaU0zziHyEA My husband and I took my daughter here for her 19th birthday. This is a beautiful restaurant and bar. We sat at the bar and each had a glass of champagne. My bad for not asking the price. It was 28 dollars a glass. I think the bartender should have mentioned this.
We were shown to our table and offered water. It was easily 15 minutes before  someone came to take our orders. In the meantime someone else came by to let us smell the first white truffle of the season.  We kept waiting for someone to ask us about wine. It was never clear who our waiter was. It was at least 20 minutes and then our appetizers appeared!
I suggested that perhaps we should talk to the sommelier first. They took the appetizers back. Another five minutes or so, and the sommelier arrived, as if everything was going according to plan. We explained what happened and she came back with wines to match our meals.  The appetizers reappeared and we had our first course.
We sat for awhile and then another person came by to tell my husband that several people had returned the veal  due to toughness so he did not want my husband to order it. Strange as I had seen a post regarding their veal being tough back in 2012 as well. He changed his order. The sommelier arrived with wine selections for our main course. We waited at least 20 - 30 minutes for our mains to arrive. About half way through our meal, we were out of wine. We could not get anyone to stop to get another glass. Eventually someone came by, then, they had to find the sommelier who had to find the wine and pour it for us.
We carried on as it was a special evening for our daughter.
We each ordered dessert. The the sommelier arrived back to say she was giving us complimentary port due to the problems we experienced. Then two people arrived back with two more desserts telling us they were complimentary due to the troubles.
No one thought to ask us if we wanted or liked port, or why 3 people who had already ordered desserts would want two more.
The service was just bad. The front of house seemed to be confused about who does what.
The bill was $550 before tip.
We have dined at Bouley in NYC and the bill was higher than that for two people,but was worth every penny.
This was not.
I should say the food was quite good, but sadly the service really spoiled the experience.
