hloS23Thw57IITw7_DLLOQ really a 3 1/2 star. I'm not a fan but I also don't think it's just OK. I might be a little severe about it but the reason why I'm not a fan it's because it doesn't feel like it's adapted to the 21st century French Cuisine. In fact, the quality and price is really honest and the service good either. I had the winter gourmet menu with 5 services. The first entrée was a Crème de Gibier and champignon sauvage. It taste more the mushroom cream then a game and mushroom cream. I enjoyed it even though I didn't felt it was awesome. The second service was a Baluchon with duck magret and some emulsion of balsamic and a small amount of what appeared to me has a mango or exotic fruit chutney. It was ok even though it felt like a piece of pineapple chicken with fancy sauce! ;), then a salad with a dressing that was really similar to a Hollandaise sauce and honestly I just don't like the taste of it. The main was really good and the cooking was perfect. I Ordered a blue Beef Filet and even though the plate felt a little empty, after the last dish I was pretty filled. I also had the chance to taste the lamb of a lady friend of mine who was filled up and the cooking was exquisite and the taste awesome. It's N-Z lambs that was serve and honnestly, unless they say they serve Quebec Lamb - which in my humble opinion has a way better taste, is also bigger than N-Z Lamb and more expensive as well. Finally the last dish was a desert, a chocolate cake with wild berries. Not my favorite but still a good cake. The weakest dish of the evening was definetly the Salad and the best one the main. Overall the biggest issue I have with this restaurant is that it felt like a really safe menu with no exploration of possibilities.  It's the kind of restaurant I would bring my Grand-Mother to on Mother's day, you know, the kind of restaurant your grand-mother will feel confortable and in a chic ambiance. Great cooking skill, but so-so menu. I won't go back for 1 reason: My Grand-Mothers are both dead and there's no reason to go back there unless you need a really secure restaurant for people that doesn't like to try new stuff.
