hloS23Thw57IITw7_DLLOQ First thing I have to say about this restaurant is that I have had the BEST French Onion Soup I have ever had. Having tasted many soups from posh dining to fast food, it is extremely difficult to use the right amount of spice without making this starter very salty. They perfected this delicious soup and I would travel the 6 hours to Montreal just to get my hands on this delight again. 

But enough about the soup...
The staff was very eager to receive us even though we were dressed in jeans and t-shirts, we were just trying to grab a bite of some fine french cuisine after a long day of site seeing. The restaurant was not crowded one bit and they were able to sit us immediately. Their wine list was quite extensive though if I remember correctly, there was not one bottle under $85. 
I am always interested in dessert wines before a meal (I know Im a bit non-traditional) so I had asked if they had any Italian Moscatos. The waitress was unfamiliar with this wine but pleasantly came back to us after checking with her manager and suggested a similar wine. Though we rejected her selection (it was a half glass for $17), we decided to try a dessert chardonay which ended up being close to what we were looking for anyways.

For my main course, I chose their Beef Wellington. *drooooool*
Savory medium cooked beef completely breaded with an onion gravy... it was exactly what I had hoped for after a long day of touristing. They serve their entrees with an assortment of cooked vegetables ranging from stuffed tomatos, some kind of fried zucchini, a breaded mash potato ball, asparagus, and a colorful pink edible flower to garnish. I was pleasantly suprised by the variety of vegetables that were all prepared so differently. You could tell their chef really took the time to impress his audience. 

I also wanted to point out one interesting little detail that I thought was fabulous. This is a fine dining retaurant which usually never appeals to children, however, there was a family sitting behind us with 2 kids, and they revealed a special menu just for children. I didnt actually see what was on their menu but I felt that this was a really great idea so that moms and dads can enjoy their quality cuisine and still be able to feed the kids without the kicking and screaming.  Bravo!

I would recommend this place again and again.
