HOev_2CifUcfIm9xDL_uaw I love French food and have been on a search for any French restaurants. I found this via Yelp and since it was close to work, decided to give it a try for lunch. First, its location is kind of hard to find. It's in a shopping center near some industrial type businesses. Not a normal place to find a restaurant. Second, the inside seems a little rundown. There are plenty of tables/chairs, but all tables have that tacky red/white checkered tablecloths and the chairs are mismatched. The chair I sat in actually appeared to be falling apart and was held together with tape. 

When my husband and I arrived, there were maybe two or three other patrons. There isn't a hostess station but rather an area where you can place to-go orders and pay for your meal. This is connected to the back/kitchen area. There was no one to greet us and we almost walked out. From the back, a woman suddenly appeared and told us to sit anywhere. We slunk over to a two person table and sat down to browse the menu. 

There appeared to be only one woman working and a chef in back. The woman seemed nice enough, but she mainly seemed stressed out. Eventually, she stopped by and asked what we wanted to drink (water) and she was quick to bring our water, but we waited a few more minutes before she came back to take our order. 

I ordered the Chef sandwich (ham, brie, caramelized onions, and tomato on a baguette). My husband ordered a sandwich as well but I can't remember what it was. (Might have been the chicken or turkey.) Our food arrived relatively quickly and was tasty. When you order a sandwich, you can pick a side (salad, chips, fries, etc). We both ordered a salad as our side.

When we were finished, we waited for the check but it never came. Eventually, I went up to the to-go counter and waited patiently for the woman to come back out. There were some cookies in a small display case on the counter and they looked delicious, but we were running late and needed to get back to work.  I paid with credit card and we were on our way.

Final impressions: A little turned off by the atmosphere and how slow the service was. I felt like a huge inconvenience. Not sure if we visited on an off day, so I might give it another chance since the food was good.
