HojKatUfX4UHWaPqtl63NQ My husband and I wanted to try out one of the top restaurants on the strip and Rivea came highly recommended, plus all the great review, we had to give it a try. 

The interior is stunning and spacious. You are surrounded by views of the city and feel pampered by the atmosphere.

The hostess and staff were super friendly and informed us of the status of our table being prepped and quickly seated us.

I believe sometimes the server really make it or break it on the first impression of a restaurant. Bianca, our beautiful server made our dinner an amazing one! Bianca made great recommendations and we were not disappointed with all the delightful dishes that Chef Bruno had created!

We came hungry, and there were too many delicious options to pick, so we went all out. 

For starters, we had the refreshing Marinated sea bass, the citrus really balanced beautifully with the sea bass, a delicate yet bold flavor! Lobster & vegetable salad was artfully presented and make sure you get the spicy tomato jelly on each bite. The lobster was succulent and sweet, one of the freshest and tastiest I have had in a long time. Octopus salad was equally delicious, but with a more savory play in the flavor and ingredients. I would recommend both, and you won't be disappointed with either. We also tried the Roasted panisse, first you bite into the crunchy crust that was well seasoned, then you are confronted with the melt in your mouth, soft as pillow inside of the mashed chickpea. I can eat 2-3 servings of that alone!

Matt, our sommelier, recommended a wine that has more fruity notes that went perfectly with the seafood and some of the more delicate dishes. 

On to the main course, my husband went for the Pepper crusted bison tenderloin (medium rare) and I went with the Liberty duck breast. What can I say, they were both amazing! The bison was learn, yet super tender and flavorful. Topped with crushed black pepper really played well with texture and flavor! My Liberty duck breast was topped with bigarade sauce which also balance the rich flavor of the duck and make you go back for more bite after bite. But my favorite part is the nougat placed on top of each piece of the duck breast. The sweetness and crunchy/slightly chewy texture of the nougat really added a layer of complexity to the dish, I was in heaven.

To top it off, we also had the fettuccine with shaved truffles. It was simple, yet extremely satisfying. Perfectly seasoned and balanced.

We thought, we had no more room to even think about dessert, there were just too many fun things to try. So we got the Lemon tart, which is our favorite out of all the dessert items we have sampled. It was not your grandma's lemon tart! It was a piece of artwork when it showed up! The little pieces of meringue on the tart and the meyer lemon-basil sorbet really made it an must order item from the dessert menu.

Since everyone raves about the Limoncello Baba, we had to give it a try too! It was light and fun. Also another good dessert to finish off the amazing dinner with, if you have had too much to eat like we did.

We were never rushed, yet the service was on point with all the servers check on us for water refill and making sure everything is cleared and the courses flow through seamlessly.

Thank you Bianca, Matt and Chef Bruno for giving us such an amazing dining experience in Las Vegas. We will look forward to coming back and try the other items that we have missed during this visit!
