HoKXKkW8oC9q8XnjKLulRw With the exception of Maggiano's Italian restaurant. Comme Ca is my first "fine" dining experience in Vegas and the first in the past like 3 years.  The one thing I braced myself for was small portions & high prices, but also expectations of a great environment, great service, and a bomb-ass view.   Comma Ca has met and exceeded the latter aspects, but was even able to deliver food that tasted great, actually filled me up, and wasn't really as bad as I thought (albeit, we had a Groupon that knocked off $100 off the tab).  

Situated on the top top floor of the Cosmopolitan (I think 4th), Comme Ca neighbors a few other fine-dining restaurants, none of which I recognize but my friend told me they were really good too and recommended them all.  I hate it when a person recommends everything, which is almost as bad as knowing nothing :P  So upon walking into Comme Ca, we were greeted with a friendly hostess who seated us to a table for 2 right by the floor-to-ceiling windows! Weee, the best view of the Strip I've ever had, even from hotel rooms that I've stayed at lol!  Already, the price of admission was partially paid by our front-row, vertigo-inducing view of sights that I could only appreciate sober.

Our friendly and experienced waiter presented us with the food menu & drink menu.  What I enjoyed about the service is that everyone knows what they're doing and what the patron expects.  Our waiter somehow saw a random streak on my knife, took it away, and then brought me a new one later. WOW?!  Even the way they bring the wine glass to you, set the menu on your table, and approach the table seems so ....calculated and sinister (in a good way).  I guess I could get used to this.....as long as I do it once every few years :)   

Browsing the food menu was quite simple as we had to maximize our Groupon credit and chose the items most close to $32/entree lol  I ordered the roasted lamb with charred eggplant mixed with seared peaches and really enjoyed this entree of pure protein and minimal carbs.  For once, I didn't crave or seek rice with my meat!  The "free" bread  (you can ask for more) they provided was also good with the chef-made butter (except I still prefer Tony Roma's bread, I am a barbaric Asian-American from the SGV after all).

 My friend ordered a soup-based entree (classic bouillabaisse)  that came in a giant pot LOADED with seafood and soup.  As a fan of seafood myself, I sampled some of her food items and found it delicious as well.  With the exception of a small piece of bread, her dish was relatively free of carbs too!  I guess Dr. Atkins must have had a role in designing the dishes at Comme Ca. I would also suggest this dish to seafood lovers and/or people trying to restrict their meat intake, i.e.  pescetarians.  

While our plans was not to order too much other than the entree and the included bottle of wine, we decided to "live a little" a went with an appetizer and side dish.  The calamari that was presented was very different from the calamari my brutish-self is used to eating during $5 happy hour specials.  Calamari shouldn't have to be associated with crispy, batter-fried, frozen squid served with Ragu sauce!  The calamari itself was very soft, tender, super easy to cut, and not at all rubbery.  It came with a squid-ink-derived sauce that didn't do much for flavor, but added some sea "saltiness" to my palate.   

Our shared side dish was macaroni & cheese, which turned out to a bit a good-sized ceramic plate of creamy, cheesey, macaron-ey goodness.  It also contained small chunks of sausage which added even more zesty flavor!  I'm a semi-fan of mac & cheese and thought it tasted delicious, even after all the other foods we had eaten.  But if you REALLY like mac-n-cheese, I suggest ordering this and getting a few big ole' bites in there.

Once it was all said & done, I chugged my last glass of wine to immerse my mind with the all-too-familiar sensation of inebriation.  I took one final look outside the streak-free windows and thought to myself "I need to win the lotto"

 Comme Ca is a great place to try out if you can fork out at least $100 for 2 people (assuming you aren't lucky enough to have a Groupon), really appreciate fine-dining, and are accustomed to first-class service.
