HoKXKkW8oC9q8XnjKLulRw I made reservations for dinner here for my family and myself weeks in advance, noting that we were celebrating my daughter's birthday and requesting a window seat. We arrived promptly at 6pm and no one else was at the restaurant yet. Yet they sat us at a table by the window at the far end of the restaurant, across from the Mile High neon banner billboard (over Walgreens) - not on the other end, across from the Paris and the "Eiffel Tower". I'm not sure why they did this, as even when we left after our meal, there were only a few other diners present. Oh well, for this I ding them one star. Other than this seating issue, the meal and the service were fantastic!

One of my kids wasn't feeling well so she ordered a Soup a l'Oignon Gratinee (French onion soup) which she unfortunately couldn't really eat. I don't recall what I ordered, but it was a small appetizer of some sort and I remember it was good (I recently had some surgery and can't really eat much). Hubby ordered Coq au Vin and he said it was fantastic. I know my Coq au Vin and it sure looked and smelled legit. He also had a glass of nice Riesling and one of the restaurant's salads, which he enjoyed immensely. (Note: this restaurant has a lovely wine menu).

The biggest hit of the night was my other kid's meal: it was a special of the day, the rainbow trout. At first we were all taken aback by the fact that the fish was served with its head attached. It was practically looking at us! But the fish itself was splayed out, filleted, beautifully plated with accompanying vegetables. My kid said this was the best fist she ever had in her entire life. I tried a small piece. Indeed, it was the best fish I had ever had in MY entire life! It was cooked to perfection, so delicate, and the skin was so thin, like paper, and crispy. It was divine. Truly divine. 

Our server was attentive and pleasant. The restaurant was well-appointed and welcoming, in a sophisticated way. The view of the Strip is fabulous. I thought that the prices of food was very reasonable. We will definitely return!
