HoKXKkW8oC9q8XnjKLulRw I visited this restaurant over the weekend after a conference in Vegas.  When making this reservation, I relied heavily on YELP to figure out which restaurants to dine at on my off nights.  Comme Ca was not a disappointment.

Comme Ca is located on the third floor of The Cosmopolitan.  Our reservation was made for 8:00 PM but we arrived at 8:30 PM.  That was not an issue though as the restaurant was almost empty.  So why the hostess took almost a full 7 mins to return to the hostess stand to seat us (with no apology), I'm not sure, but I am going to just bet she had to take a potty break during this time.

When we were finally seated by the window (great view of the strip) the service was impeccable.  We were served water (we are in the desert, ya know) immediately and a cute little container of miniature bread sticks were placed in between us within minutes of sitting down.  I had their house Pinot Grigio which was delicious and ordered the Pickle Jar and Beer Tartare.  Although the Beef Tartare did come with a good amount of pickled deliciousness, I had to order more.  It was so, so, so good.  Filled with garlic bulbs, radishes, cornichons, cucumbers, peppers and other goodies - we couldn't get enough of it.  The beef tartare was amazing.  Not over salted and just enough to wet my whistle before delving into the rest of the evening.

We later ordered the Oxtail & Beef Marrow as well as the Scallops.  The marrow and oxtail was the perfect accompaniment to the beef tartare.  The three small scallops were cooked perfectly, however, not sure the entree was worth $36.  After two beers and two glasses of wine, our total bill (including tip) was around $150.  They also have less expensive meals like their burger, available, but their current menu posted on the internet does not reflect this season's options.

While I'm a fan of the place and my food was very good, it wasn't good enough for me to go back when I travel back to Vegas in September.  There are too many good restaurants in Vegas at that price point to return to Comme Ca.  That being said, it's worth a shot.  Great location, the atmosphere is fine and the service was very good.  It I could give half stars, I would give this place a 3.5 and not a 4, simply because nothing was out of the ordinary, but it wasn't bad either.  It was good, simple, french inspired food.
