HoKXKkW8oC9q8XnjKLulRw -Saturday night, (5/26/12) right before the dinner rush.

When you first walk back into the dining area of Comme Ca, you notice the magnificent view of the strip, highlighted by floor to ceiling windows around two sides of the restaurant.  We were fortunate enough to get a table right by the window overlooking the boulevard.  It is hard not to look at the sights below, but as you look around the restaurant you notice a very clean, well put together bistro.  There is even a small outside dining area but these tables were already taken.  The wait staff is attentive and our waiter presented himself within a few moments.  I started off with an "improved whiskey cocktail" which was a mixture of rye whiskey, absinthe, and maraschino with a lemon twist. This is an inspired combination. Who knew absinthe would mesh so well with whiskey?  I'm sure now that absinthe is becoming more main stream, there will be many more pleasing flavor combinations to come.

For starters, we ordered with 3 Kuchi and 3 Kampachi oysters ($18) (although they had a wide variety to choose from), French onion soup with melted gruyere cheese ($10) and a mixed greens salad with toasted hazelnuts and goat cheese ($9).  The oysters were market fresh and served with sides of vinaigrette and horseradish.  While the salad and soup did not disappoint, they are traditional preparations with no surprises.  The bread basket is small with only two artisanal French rolls.  One had Nicoise olives baked into it and was delicious.  They will keep refilling the basket throughout the meal but the entrees are worth saving your appetite for.  

For the main meal, we ordered the Atlantic skate with giant white beans ($28) and the crispy striped bass with basil pesto ($30).  The fish was well prepared.  The skate came with a bright and savory romesco sauce, which is a Spanish sauce made with garlic and roasted red peppers.  It went well with the white beans and moist skate.  The bass was served over a basil pesto sauce with a side of artichoke barigoule (a kind of artichoke stew).  The portions were on the smaller side but the taste was excellent.

For desert, we split the Tarte au Chocolate au carmel with English toffee and caramelized popcorn ice cream ($9).  Although this dish sounded so good on the menu, it turned out to be a rather small messy mix of the above ingredients that did not mesh well together.  It was clearly the most disappointing dish of the night.

The restaurant has a lively bistro style atmosphere here unlike more formal French style restaurants.  The service did slow down somewhat when the restaurant began to get more crowed but the waiter was very good at keeping us informed of what was going on in the kitchen.  

Overall, I would give the restaurant 4 stars.  I like french food and Comme Ca is a good quality French style restaurant with a few surprises and a few flaws but none of the pretension and overinflated prices of some others on the strip.  It is worth checking out.
