HoKXKkW8oC9q8XnjKLulRw Comme Ca is still holding strong at 4 stars! I would need some consistency in the dining room experience before I move them up to 5, but the bar/happy hour experience is probably one of the best I've ever had in town!

Since my last review, I've been here for happy hour more times than I can count and I'm happy to report my many wishes on many stars have come true as they now offer food during happy hour. M-F 5:30-7 and Sat.-Sun 5-7, Comme Ca continues to offer their 18A prohibition-themed cocktail menu for 50% off and now a limited (but delicious!) bar menu for 50% off. This bar menu includes the famed Comme Ca burger, the charcuterie plate (seriously a steal!), cheese plates, oysters, pig fries (basically pork belly fries-AMAZE) and a few desserts, salads and tidbits. 

The cocktail menu continues to be fun, interesting and delicious! Some of my favorites are the Thyme for Bourbon, Queen's Park Swizzle and Penicillin. The drink menu is broken out by liquor and then there are three or four other random specialty cocktails that were created by some of the bartenders. 

The service at the bar has always been good, but I've seen some improvements and service has been consistently great. I'm really terrible with names and am kind of embarrassed that I don't know any of the bartenders names except for Nate (not sure if he works there anymore), but they've all been really nice and conversational!

My experience in the dining room has been varied which is why I still leave a star off. I've had equally as many so-so meals with equally ho-hum service as I have above average meals with excellent service. I came for Restaurant Week last year and had an incredible meal that restored my faith (brick roasted chicken, I'm looking at YOU!), but will have to give the dining room a couple more go rounds before I can round my rating up. Even if it does continue to disappoint, the lounge is a redeeming grace that has only gotten better with time.

Comme Ca almost has the casual feel of a neighborhood bar with food and drinks that are as creative as they are delicious. I can live without the dining room for now but would give it a try again with managed expectations.
