HoKXKkW8oC9q8XnjKLulRw During Vegachella week, I was equally excited about trying restaurants as I was seeing concerts.  Given that this was 5 nights of dining and concert-going within a span of a week, I had to look for places where we could get a bang for our buck.  I researched on Yelp harder than I had ever researched for college and stumbled onto the idea of Happy Hours at some of the CityCenter restaurants.  Comme Ça had been on my radar for quite some time, so the idea of half priced food and drinks were impossible to ignore.

I wanted to get there at the very start of happy hour as I assumed it would be packed with concert-goers.  Naturally we ended up showing up an hour late at 6ish and I was shocked to see a nearly empty bar area.  I believe there were two other couples.   We took our seat and perused the cocktail menu.  I was determined to strictly drink off of the happy hour menu even though that usually means drinking some awful concoction or a glass of beer that I would never order otherwise at most happy hours I've attended.  Not here.  Melissa the bartender (or is it mixologist?) happily took my order of an improved whiskey cocktail.   My partner in crime hesitated to order and wanted a drink of mine to see what she'd want.   Yup, make it 2.  For the remainder of the meal I also tried a Penicillin and a Sazerac.  Both very good, particularly the Penicillin, and after those three drinks (each $7.50 during Happy Hour, and worth each and every penny and then some).  I'd be doing a disservice trying to describe what was in these drinks or what they tasted like as I typically stick to Jack or Jameson with coke, but I will say they were well thought, delicious, and most importantly, strong.

For food I started with the Roasted Bone Marrow and Oxtail Jam ($9 at happy hour, normally $18).  I ordered this because for years I've seen TV food network personalities wax poetic about the virtues of bone marrow (namely: the taste) and I live by the motto: "Do as Bourdain does".   When it arrived I fumbled around with the bone, unsure of how to tackle it.  This went on for a few minutes, I was like a nervous 15 year old at his first prom.  I ended up finally asking Melissa how exactly was the proper method (imagine pulling over and asking a stranger for directions), and she basically just told me she mixes all the ingredients together.   Fair enough.   My partner in crime ultimately took over and made some amazing marrow/oxtail jam/sea salt bites on the bread provided.   Amazing stuff.   I'm converted.  Bone Marrow for President.

I also tried a bite of my PIC's salad called "Simply Comme Ça"  It was fresh, tasty, and delightful.  All the things people who eat salad presumably look for.  I only needed the one bite personally, but it was good.

We both ordered the Comme Ça Burger.   Melissa tried to tell us we could split it, but based off of the pictures I saw on Yelp which make it look slider-sized, combined with my sheer greed and ever expanding stomach, I refused.  When it arrived it was much bigger than I expected, and I realized the reason the pics make it look so small is because the cone of fries they provide is HUGE.  All you need to know about exactly how huge is that I didn't even finish my order.  This is unheard of.   The burger ($9 at HH, $18 normally) was delicious.  I wouldn't go so far as to put it at Bachi Burger's level, because honestly, what is?   Unfair comparisons aside, it was a perfectly cooked medium well as I ordered, and the meat and vermont cheddar were of exceptional taste and quality.  

We didn't order dessert because quite frankly we're not dessert people.   Another friendly bartender Lenard suggested that we should see the view from the balcony, and Melissa escorted us to do so, which was just that extra mile to wrap up an incredibly dining experience.  I can't really recommend Melissa enough, she was the perfect tour guide for some new drink and food experiences.  I can say with little proof that Lenard would probably be just as capable.

I honestly debated not even writing this because the less people that go to this the better for my own sake.   Then I realized I'm not that powerful.   So go and enjoy...  LIKE THIS!
