HoKXKkW8oC9q8XnjKLulRw Comme Ca was a recommendation from a friend who lives in Vegas. 

We got in to the city on a Friday afternoon and decided to give it a try. I called the restaurant around 6pm to see if we needed reservations. They offered my 6:30 (not happening) and 9pm. We took the later one and found that time was sufficient to go shopping, shower, get dressed and driver over. I also requested a window seat, based on one of the reviews here...

We were seated immediately by a friendly hostess. She gave us the requested window seat. Our waitress came by quickly and took our drink orders (Gordon's Cup -- great choice). 

The menu is somewhat limited, but not short on enticing options. The server brought out a pretzel-like knotted bread with butter, which was a good way to whet our appetite and hold us over while our food was getting cooked. My boyfriend and I shared lobster bisque soup, the bone marrow and oxtail jam, the skate and the mac and cheese. We definitely could have done without the lobster bisque; an average dish that we could have gotten anywhere. The bone marrow and oxtail more than made up for the soup's shortcomings. Unique taste, fresh, flavorful and definitely something to check off the foodie list. It was my favorite part and I felt pretty satiated after it. 

The skate was tender, laid over a bed of fingerling potatoes. It was very flavorful, but didn't have a unique taste quite like the bone marrow. It went very well with the mac and cheese, which could have been a meal in and of itself. My boyfriend says the mac and cheese is the best he's ever had, which I'd have to agree with. You'd be hard pressed to find something better. The noodles were chewy and just tender enough, the cheese was gooey but not too greasy; the crumbs on top were toasted to a perfect crisp and made the dish. 

The ambiance was a little too casual for the price tag. The placemats are made of paper and there as no table cloth, which took away from the experience of a high-end restaurant. Overall, we'd go back and recommend Comme Ca to a friend looking for an upscale French dinner. However, we'd be more likely to visit often if the atmosphere was stepped up a notch.
