Ht-_i0UAq7YDBaqJwcQMdQ Our evening here was outstanding in all respects. It was on the top of my list of dining possibilities for Montreal but we almost didn't go because wife was concerned it would be just too fancy for us and our touristy clothes. But on her afternoon stroll she stopped by and asked and they assured her we'd be fine. I'm not saying come in flip flops and a tee shirt - definitely don't - but men can get away with neat casual; jacket and tie definitely not required. Once inside we found all kinds of diners, from couples sharing a romantic dinner, to a group of 8 men out on a wine-tasting extravaganza, to a family of father, mother, and well-behaved child who it was apparent was thrilled to be there.

I'm not sure of the origin of the name, which translates "Hunting and Fishing Club". The decor is funky but in an elegant way. It's dimly lit and almost all black: walls, ceilings, floor, even the tapestry on one wall, which is black with many contrasting shades of dark. I agree with other reviewers who likened the interior to a cave. But if so, it's a very beautiful cave, inviting not spooky, airy not musty.

The menu is rather short. And descriptions are brief. But almost everything sounded intriguing and I knew I probably couldn't go wrong with any choice. But I had questions. Not to worry. The waitress proceeds to explain all the items in complete detail. This process took over 5 minutes - I'm not exaggerating. And for you English speakers (like ourselves) don't worry; they are all perfectly fluent in French and English (to the extent that I have no idea if our waitress was a native English speaker or French).

Unfortunately for our decision making, her descriptions just intrigued me even more, making it even harder to make a decision. Everything sounded so good. We finally decided on the Arctic Char for me, and Venison Two Ways (tenderloin and short ribs) for her. We started with an appetizer of Waygu beef to share, and a tray of the house vegetables to accompany our meal.

I won't attempt to describe any of these in detail. I could not do them justice, especially as it was several days ago and my memory of them is fading. But every dish excelled in every way: the taste, creativity, and presentation. I will say that my wife, not a fan of rare meat, especially game like venison, followed their recommendation to have it prepared as the chef intended (seared on one side, rare on the other). Something about the way that it was explained to her, and the restaurant's reputation, made her confident that she shouldn't second-guess the chef's decision here, and she was not disappointed; she finished every morsel (as did I).

The wine list was huge; probably the largest I have ever seen. Of course, most of them were well out of our price range (they even had a few bottles in the multi-thousand dollar range!) We did order a bottle for around $50, which was pretty close to the low end, but was quite good to our amateur palettes. Don't worry about getting a "corked" bottle; the sommelier tastes it first! I have never seen this before and was a little surprised but he's an expert and I know he got less than 1/4 ounce of our bottle.

Portions may be slightly on the small side, but were really more than adequate. I think we get used to the excessive portions that are often served, and are surprised when we finish everything without feeling uncomfortably stuffed and don't take anything home. 

And that means that we had room for dessert - one for each of us! Some sort of chocolate tart with chocolate sorbet for her, and a squash cake with ginger ice cream for me. Both amazing, the squash cake especially memorable.
