htQgj-ANQpZGpIpkkrEmyQ If there was a 4.5......Excellent Food. Service is OK

I read a number of reviews before going to Inspire for the first time. As I walked in the door, a candle on a small wall shelf fell and just missed my head. That surely is a sign of good things to come. After negotiating my way through the main drapes I was surprised to find an intimate zen-like experience inside.

The design is modern, warm, (except for the table near the front door), small and quaint. The left side of the space is the open kitchen and right side has wall table seating and a few small 2 tops near the kitchen wall. The hostess/waitress was pleasant enough but not exactly what I would call "warm". But I wasn't there to make friends with the staff. I asked for a table change and she was very accommodating. However there is s light "edge" on the personality side.

The food is indeed amazing....at least for the INPR Burger I had. After explaining to the waitress that it was my first time there and asking "what should I have", she recommended the INSP burger without hesitation. So the Chicken and Waffles had to wait for another visit. The Burger was excellent with Prime Beef, Seared Pork Belly, Fried Egg and Roasted Tomato Mayo. The combination was heavenly and not as messy as I would have thought, to eat. I selected the salad over the fries for the side and it was also excellent!

My guest had the Duck Tacos and while they are filled with Duck Confit, Cucumber Orange Salsa, and Cilantro Fennel Aioli, the reaction was somewhat less inspiring that the description. They were "ok". We didn't try the desserts however at $50 for two with two entrees, 2 glasses of Pinot Grigio and a tip, I thought that was great value relative to the quality of the food.

The service overall is a bit slow however there is a correlation between the quality of the food and the time it takes to prepare. If the food comes out too quickly, you might question its freshness and if its too slow, you might question the service. Overall the food delivery was acceptable. If you're in a hurry, you might be disappointed. This is not a fast food joint.

The crowd is mixed between older local diners and hipster Asian fusion foodies and perhaps the most disturbing part of our meal was the elder lady at the adjoining table that kept looking over at our meals. Perhaps that's what happens when everyone is curious about what everyone else is having. The 2 tops next to the kitchen would provide a bit more privacy.

I will definitely go back to try some other dishes. As with many good restaurants, its best to try this place when its not so busy. Reservations are must if you are intent on eating there. My recommendation on the the design is to add mirrors on the wall that guests are looking at when they sit at the bench tables. It would be great for everyone to have a full view of the kitchen.
