htQgj-ANQpZGpIpkkrEmyQ I let it be known that I was scouring the city for a new dining experience. In came a friend raving about Inspire Restaurant; a relatively new restaurant on historic Main Street Markham that apparently served up exceptional meals. I had to investigate.

Though there is group seating, the restaurant is not all that large. If you're going to head to Inspire, get a reservation, because I certainly could not just waltz in. When you enter the restaurant you'll likely have the same trouble that I did trying to categorize its interior. It's somewhat dimly lit, with a mellow colour scheme, and decor that you can't really place your finger on. You might even say "inspiring". (I had to. No shame.)

When it came to the food, I kept with my current obsession; Chicken and Waffles. The chicken and waffles at Inspire is listed as including: chicken, homemade waffles, spicy berry compote, ginger maple butter, and berries. Though this is accurate, it does not at all explain the unexpected experience of this dish. The thick waffle is served with 3 pieces of chicken that hit the crispiness sweet spot. Not too giving, not too crackling. The waffle has a slightly green colour inside, that I can't really explain, but regardless, its doughy flavour pairs quite well with the spice of the chicken. Things get weirdly special with the spicy berry compote. Like the decor, I can't quite place my finger on what they were going for. You'll taste the sweet berry flavour that matches the syropy waffle theme, but right along with it you'll get a hit of curry-esq Indian flavour that supports the chicken. It was a welcome addition that I would have loved more of.

Though I didn't personally have the Dbl Bacon Cheesecake Burger, my friend did, and he loved it. The menu lists grade prime beef, matcha cheesecake, apple wood smoked bacon, pickled onions, and minced picked ginger aioli. Though we both saw cheesecake listed in the ingredients, we were thinking "OK, so they're going to maybe incorporate some cheesecake sweetness into the bun", or "maybe the cheese itself will be cheesecake inspired". Nope! They actually just toss a slice of cheesecake on top of the burger! His words: "Weird", "It actually works!".

Get a reservation. Go to Inspire. Try some inventive takes on food that you think you know. But don't go so often that I won't get a reservation ;)
