htQgj-ANQpZGpIpkkrEmyQ What we had: the chicken and waffles, the INSP burger with duck confit fries, the banana bread ice-cream sandwich

Taste: 7/10

Steven's friend recommended this place to us and we had high expectations, so we weren't too impressed with the food here. 

The chicken and waffles were decent. The chicken batter was seasoned nicely, and it was crisp. There were two things that totally threw me off from this dish: one was this small pile of berry compote that was suuuuuper sour and did not go with anything, and the other was the licorice flavour they added to the waffles/syrup. I know they're trying to be innovative but these flavours totally don't make sense.

Steven liked the egg that they put into his burger. The burger needed some cheese and the meat needed some more seasoning. Decent burger. The fries were OK.

Banana bread ice-cream sandwich was yummy and great for for sharing. Ice cream was store bought tub ice-cream. Banana bread was made in a waffle shape which was neat.

Value: 6.5/10

Chicken and waffles were $16, burger was $15 (+$4 for the duck confit fries), and banana bread ice-cream sandwich was $12. On the pricey side for what we're getting.

**Average cost per diner: $29 after tax and tip 

Service/Convenience: 7/10

Even though their restaurant faces the street and there's a sign, it looks a little inconspicuous especially at night. We had to travel quite a distance and didn't find the taste here worth the travel time.

Our service was polite and efficient. There was one server that loved to chat up other patrons but he was very loud and we overheard his conversations even though we did not want to. (The place was small enough already and his voice projects very far.)

Would go back? Too out of our way and we'd rather go to Smash, so probably not.

Would recommend to friend? Nah, unless they live in the area, we wouldn't recommend any of our friends to drive the distance.

Similar places: Smash kitchen & bar

**Disclaimer: Average cost per diner constitutes the amount (per person) we eat to get full without drinks. Total cost is usually divided between 2 diners, one of whom can regularly eat 7 slices of XL pizza
