htQgj-ANQpZGpIpkkrEmyQ We came here after church for a nice brunch after hearing good things about it  online.  Inspire serves amazing fusion food - with inspiration from both the east and the west.  The location on Markham Main Street is perfect because it's convenient to walk in and then walk out and around after a good eat.  Because we came around 1pm on a Sunday, it wasn't very busy - there were two other families in the restaurant besides us.  There were four of us and we were able to order from the brunch menu which is only available on Saturdays and Sundays from 11:30 to 3pm.  

We ordered two starters - the Sweet & Sour Pork (sapporo pork tips, tamarind glaze, apples, and togarashi) and the Pulled Pork Frites (braised pulled pork and sweet shallot aioli on hand cut yukon gold fries).  The sweet and sour pork was really good - unlike your typical Chinese takeout.  Cripsy, juicy and tangy - a tad bit salty but good nonetheless.  The pulled pork frites were an instant favourite among our group - and we all have different tastes.  Their fries are the perfect blend of crispy and soft and the flavour was amazing - the pulled pork, the light drizzle of sauce and the crunch and textures made it really good. 

We ordered one item from the "Think Inside the Bun" section (sandwiches).  We got the Korean - grade prime rib steak, kim-chi slaw, and pickled cucumber on a French Baguette.  When you order it, it comes with either fries or a salad.  We got the fries.  The fries are the same kind you'll find in the pulled pork frites but they come drizzled in a sort of kimchi-mayo sauce.  The sandwich was very hearty - you can really taste the quality of the meat and the veggies and the baguette made it a well-rounded order.  

All our other orders came from the Brunch menu.  We got the Eggs Bennies, Korean Beef & Eggs, and the "Peking" Corn Pancakes.  The Eggs Bennies is: soft poached eggs, butter croissant, honey glazed pork belly, chili hollandaise and bacon hash potatoes.  It was really good - hearty flavours that combine for a filling brunch dish.  The Korean Beef & Eggs - grade prime beef, sunny side up eggs, and bacon hash potatoes was also really filling with great flavours.  I had the "Peking" Corn Pancakes - maple glazed charred jalapenos-filled pancakes, spiced pork belly, and aged cheddar.  What drew me to them was the idea of a spicy and sweet combination.  The pancakes were really good but I wish they had a side of maple syrup because it got a bit dry.   They were also thicker than your average pancake - reminded me of cornbread.  I loved this dish - the sweet and spicy flavours went really well together, it was another food experience, and added to that was the aged cheddar and the spiced pork belly making this brunch dish quite the delicacy.  

I would definitely come here again and I hope that people passing by on Markham Main Street step in to give it a try.  The food, its presentation, the atmosphere and the service is amazing.  Fusion food at Inspire is a definite must try - classy, fresh, innovative, and, of course, delicious.
