hvjgF-vnPw2jyL5DBuB0qg This has been one of the best restaurant experiences I have had in a while! I guess celebrity Canadian chefs know what it takes to have a great restaurant.

The best way to describe Garde Manger is going to your most awesome friend's place and hanging out, having fun and eating great!

If I owned a restaurant I would make it exactly like this one.

To start off with, it is true, you do have to reserve early before your visit. I booked 3 weeks before for a late Sunday seating. I was pretty stressed out because my group of friends decided to add 2 people to make the reservation for a total of 6. From what I understood, 6 is the biggest group they accept and I figured it would have been a pain to change at the last minute and that we wouldn't get a seat or be really squished. I called ahead and left a message that I would be needed 2 extra people (after 6 no one picks up the phone so you have to call before). I was amazed that when we arrived, they have received my message but misunderstood and thought I was letting them know that there would be 2 less people. Immediately I thought this was going to be a disaster but they were so accommodating and it happened that a large group left and we were seated right away! No waiting! 

Our waitress was one of the most pretty ladies in Montreal. She was also so friendly and helpful. Couldn't of asked for a better server. I also seemed from around that all the servers and staff were picked as the best of the best in the city. Starting from the host to the guy that takes away the empty plates and wow, so much eye candy! (For those that like that sort of stuff ;))

Like mentioned in other reviews, this place is loud! Do not expect quiet classical. More like classic rock for the patrons of this place.

But I digress, all this writing and no mention of food or drink! Like already mention, this is mostly a seafood/meat place. I ordered a caesar with some crab legs (best caesar I have had). I also ordered some oysters (I suggest asking if they have certain things you like because they may not be specifically on the menu or mentioned by the waitress). I also ordered a flank steak with these amazing deep fried mashed potato balls. Delicious. Most of the people at my table ordered a scallop dish and it looked and tasted great. They had a big variety of delicious sounding food and I did have trouble picking just one thing. I guess I am going to have to keep going back. :)

We also ordered some desserts to finish with and they were all wonderful. The ginger molasses cookie was particularly liked by everyone.

Wine list was extensive and a good range of prices.

If you are visiting Montreal like me, or live there, you should definitely go and visit my new friends at Garde Manger. (or at least I think they are my friends).
