1ThbwFVBL9YA2oOM11iO7g Been here 3 - 4 times? (I come in for quick bites), yes, 3, tried lunch, brunch, dinner.  The first bit is the food's fine, ya know, pretty good, no real complaints, but the service is outstanding for the insecurity and pretentiousness and self-absorption.

FOOD

Cubano sandwich, not bad, the Fed does it better.  Donuts (supposedly among top 10) was OK, simple, served with bit of coffee/espresso?, cookies (meh, had way better in many places), other stuff were all equally fine, the quality is not gonna make ya regret the bill in the end.

SERVICE

Oh, yea, I remember because it happened every time, girl, guy, guy, the checking the book routine when the restaurant is freakiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinnnnnnnnnnnn empty (I usu head over when just open), the sigh, the hesitation, the brooding, the pause as he/she considers if it's possible for me to be squeezed into the an empty restaurant at 6 pm, same done when couple arrived after me, for god's sake ya just check that book, did 10 new reservations in the minute or two in between?  

Don't like that I have to get your attention when the resto empty, can see that you're just lounging and chitchatting (and there are two of you).  Survey the room, crying out loud, two freakin tables, yes, we're all ready to order.

Another time, didn't bring the coffee with donuts ("Oh it's coming," says he, with wrinkling of nose), like it's supposed to come after the donuts are served.  The same with the milk ("Oh, would you like some?  I can get you some.).  It's just Sealtest 2%, the same they use for coffee.  

Then ya got the Concordia/Monreal-uni guy, tall, lanky, bit more attentive, but he's gotta lean in and whisper the French bon mots pour moi comme c'est un secret entre nous ... yeeeeeeeeeeeeeesh ... pretentious ... put-on.  Just make eye contract, keep the upward gesturing of hand into blossoming flower down, smile, and speak French without puckering up.

Stop hiring your friends' kids, hire good, focused, attentive help, without the character actor potential.  Everyone, look at the dining room, look at your customers and wait on them ... by waiting and looking to see when you're needed.  

Goshdarn kids.  What?  First real job?
