hzyvL2v97xLzLbLXcdi1uw I stopped into Cafe Moulin for lunch with my parents earlier today.  I was hoping for a quick and light lunch, and having read some of the other reviews, was concerned that the quick part might not happen.  My fears were confirmed when we walked in and, after getting a waitress's attention after standing in the front for five minutes, were told that the wait would be 25 min.  I asked my parents if they wanted to go somewhere else nearby, but they wanted to wait it out.  I think we waited about 20 min. to be seated, but even a wait of that length wasn't necessary, given that several tables sat vacant for part of the wait.  Also, despite keeping a list, the waitstaff couldn't keep the order of arrival straight, such that we the customers had to remind them of who had been waiting longest.

Once we finally were seated, service wasn't the most efficient, either.  For our entrees, my mom ordered the Halle Berry crepe (strawberries, Nutella, chocolate sauce, and whipped cream; $8.35), my dad ordered the Bristol crepe (smoked turkey, goat cheese, avocado, and bechamel; $9.50), and I ordered the Alaskan crepe (smoked salmon, herbed cream cheese, and spinach; $10.50).  Both savory crepes came with a small side salad, which was a nice accompaniment.  While the quality was alright, it wasn't anything to write home about.  While my parents enjoyed their crepes, they didn't rave about them, so I think we were on the same page there.

Overall, I wasn't overly impressed with my experience at Cafe Moulin, particularly in terms of the service.  It took us an hour and a half from the time of arrival to the time that we left, which is just too much time for lunch.  While I get that they're busy, it's clear that the management needs to do a better job of providing organized and prompt customer service.  Quite frankly, if it were up to me, I wouldn't have stuck around--I would have simply gone up the street to grab lunch elsewhere.  As it were, I doubt I'll return, given that I live two blocks away from Crepes Parisiennes, which is higher quality, cheaper, and quicker--not to mention closer--to boot.
