IE-FSNn9Zx9YFx3nJV4C1A Even before opening the door I had the feeling my friend and I were in the wrong place. I'm certain I was the only man in the place without a sports jacket or business suit, and probably the only one wearing jeans, sneakers and a leather jacket. Which may be why we got seated at one of the worst tables in the joint, beside the second kitchen entrance and the women's washroom.

My friend ordered Fish and Chips (yes, it's only in English on the menu) and I had steak frites. Our fries were burnt and mushy, a sure sign of being cooked in too-hot oil and they only tasted like grease. My baby spinach salad (just spinach) was drenched in an anonymous vinaigrette. The batter on the fish and chips was decent on the outside, but mushy inside. But they do know how to grill a flank steak: mine was perfectly done. I give them points for that. The shallot sauce was inoffensive. We skipped wine as we were going to walk up Mont Royal and didn't want to be tired.

Presentation is over the top: every condiment comes in its own little jar, the french fries are served in a tiny fry basket, there are little plastic tongs for lifting the cornichons out of their jar and your plate (or in my friend's case, board) is trimmed with a strip of red and white checked paper. Perhaps this is what people once thought was part of an elegant casual business lunch circa 1970. Hilarious. And then there's the carousel pony in the middle of the room.

Hard sell on the desserts. They don't bring you a dessert menu or tell you what the desserts are, they bring them to you on a tray to entice you to make a selection. Fruit salad, yogurt, creme brulée. Nothing surprising.

Service both at the table and from the kitchen was quick: they definitely know how to pump things out for the lunch crowd. Our server was friendly and probably as attentive as possible given that the place was packed.

Stars off for the dated presentation and mostly mediocre food. Stars gained for service and a properly cooked steak. Going back? Never.
