27vF5LESbv4kFQfHZUDCnw Updating this to a 4.5 star after my most recent visit.. So many good things were savoured here today!  But giving it a 5 star as their staff is very humble on creating great amazing baked goods and super friendly. 

My latest was following a brunch disaster at Mitzi's and we were dying for a caffeine hit of worthy of a 5 star.  I knew Tempered room was good and so we treked out here.  I'm so glad we did.  We arrived just before 11 am and took up a cozy seating and fixed our brunch doldrums with one of the best croissants and bread pudding I've tried in Toronto.

This bakery cafe is constantly in quick motion with making very good espresso based drinks and baking new batches of croissants and savoury goods throughout our time here.  Service is quick but also very warm and welcoming ... especially when they start to recognize you.  

We at first only wanted a good flat white but we were tempted by the seasonal Strawberry scone, freshly made bread pudding, lovely decorated flan (and a favourite of my last visit), and hot from the oven dark chocolate and almond croissant.  Everything we had today could not be improved and made our taste buds dance.  

Flat White - Highly flavourful, bold with no bitterness, and perfectly balanced with the milk to make it a richly creamy drink.  This was really well done and made me sad that I drank it all.  I'm docking a 0.5 mark because they ran out of Almond milk but they did have Soy.  4.5/5

Strawberry Scone - A soft tender crumb that is near cake like except the crust has a sugar crystal crust that hides big chunks of flavourful strawberries.  A very good scone!  4/5

Flan - Once again, this creamy, smooth, and strong natural vanilla flan is the stuff of dreams.  It's almost like a creme brulee with it's creamy texture.  This is possibly one of the best flan I've had in Toronto.  5/5

Bread Pudding - This is a decadent treat that is filled with dark chocolate, sweet almond silces, and rich custard that just enveloped all the bread pieces.  We heated it up a bit in the oven before eating and it smells of marzipan.  Each piece was so rich and well balanced... it wasn't too sweet because the dark chocolate just adds a note of velvety bittersweet cocoa.  You have to share this because it's so rich.  Also, here's an honest opinion from a 7 year old that calls it like it is.  Here's the direct quote " They should call this Yum Pudding".  I can't give it a higher compliment.  5/5

Chocolate Almond Croissant - When we first arrived at 10:30 am, all of the chocolate croissants and chocolate almond croissants were sold out and a few almond ones were left.  Just before 11 am, a huge tray of freshly baked almond, chocolate, and chocolate almond croissant appeared.  We couldn't resist the heavenly butter scent wafting through the bakery.  We chose the chocolate almond croissant and were completely floored on how amazing it tasted.  Layers of buttery goodness alternated with molten bittersweet dark chocolate and marzipan like creamy grounded almonds.  This was just incredible.  5/5

Overall, this place keeps getting better with each return.  Next I'll try the choux or one of their savoury options and see how if their streak of near perfect continues.
