in3zjiaLpNzr9G3K35gAJQ On a Sunday morning in phoenix, you are often left thinking about the fact that a good breakfast is neither close nor available.  In fact, you could sum up the valleys breakfast nooks as vacant or un found.  There is one beacon of breakfast hope that can be found in the central corridor, and Vincents be thy name.

Obviously Vincents is a culinary staple in the valley that is known far and wide and adorned by all.  What is somewhat unknown to valley foodies is that right behind the main Vincents restaurant sits "Vincents Bistro."  What does that mean to the food masses? The best price point in the valley on fine dining in a great setting.  Before you engage the menu, make sure to enjoy the house made croissants and butter, this little treat will get your senses going in the right direction.  

The menu at the Bistro is not complex(neither is the main dining room), but has staples such as Vincents famous smoked salmon quesedilla($10) and main lobster with handmade basil pasta($14).  The Bistro has a daily prix fixe menu that uses the following methodology. An appetizer of choice, a main entree of choice and dessert.  The price tag is never greater than $20 for the prix fixe and I challenge another restaurant in the valley to beat it.  Choices can range from prime new york steak, to lamb chops to a wonderfully cooked piece of fish.


What are the cons? Good luck coordinating a take out order with the normal busyness of the operation.  Wait times for pick up can range from forty-five minutes to over an hour.  If you feel like your caught in the middle of a whirlwind circus when picking up your order, don't worry, that's just the normal pace.  

In 1982 Vincent Guerithault catapulted Arizona into the beginning phases of the culinary elite the other larger metropolis cities were already enjoying.  Now, thirty years later, he has done it again with the Bistro.  I applaud Vincent and his family on their success and longevity in the valley culinary circuit.
