27vF5LESbv4kFQfHZUDCnw Today me and My other Half decided to find a Place In Toronto that had the Best Breakfast Sandwiches. 

After Doing a Search online , I Discovered A "French PÂTISSERIE" , that is also marketing themselves as a " Paris in Parkdale ". 
Big words to live up to! 

Unfortunately this place was very underwhelming , they sold me a dream with their online Presence   and the hope for a perfectly crisp , fresh "French" Croissant was not Delivered . 

Instead we both stared at a very Burnt and unappetizing shelf of Pastries. 
Another shelf of Pre made breakfast sandwiches that looked far from fresh and overly priced .

So instead of getting the breakfast sandwich which brought us in to the Tempered room,  we decided on getting 2 croissants and a seasonal scone , Blt, & 2 coffees , one Brewed one Americano. 
 
At first I thought it was because of the very dim lighting , but after taking our croissants To go they were definitely left in the oven for too long. 

They were doughy,  undercooked in the inside and over done on the outside .  Poorly made and far from anything you can call "French Pastry". They Could have been a bad batch , but you can't call those croissants, more like some burnt buns. 

The only thing that saved our Breakfast was the Sam James Americano and the seasonal Scone but my Poor BF had to enjoy his brewed coffee Luke warm. Gross. 
We would have complained but poor girl had a long line up.

The service was great considering there is only one girl handling the cash , she is also the ONLY person making the specialty coffees , warming up the old sandwiches and handling the food . 
They definitely need more staff and should  have a separate person handling the Cash . 

Save yourself the drive if you are coming from Out of town , in my opinion I would have been a lot more satisfied with a fresh flakey baked croissant from the local Grocery store and grab the coffee straight from the Sam James Shop down the street instead. 

Shouda Stayedohme . #noparisInParkdale
