ITde2CeOZ6fUG9h3xb-Nag Introduction
My wife was willing to go out in public again with me. She took a big risk by going with 2 other couples. I must have behaved pretty well. I never got my hand slapped.

Overall Rating- 3-4 Stars

Food - 3-4 Stars
I had the Pappardelle Bolognese ($20). It was pretty good. I love lots parmasan cheese on my pasta - more than any reasonable human being would want. This is one of those restaurants that uses a grinder. The gal was grinding at the table for me. After 90 seconds I felt sorry for her and let her go before I got enough. (I'll have to start carrying a can of Kraft parmasan cheese with me.)

One of the other men got the Monkfish Scaloppini - $25. He said it was quite good (then again, he's a very diplomatic guy). One of the women got it too and said it was too black for her taste. (She originally ordered the Peasant Combo - $18. When she did, the server waived her off of it with a negative nod. - - - Milo (owner), if you're reading this, no, I can't tell you which server that was!)

One of the women got the Chicken Picatta $18. She said it was very good, but on the tasteless side.

Service - 3 Stars
The server was OK, but seemed rushed, despite we were only 1 of the 4 tables in a room of 20+ table that had guests. It was another one of these cases in which the server was willing to make 3 trips to the kitchen for 3 separate items. (I remember my father-in-law telling me about a man he knew who was so unproductive that if he needed 3 stamps, he would go to the Post Office 3 times!)

Price - 2 Stars
Virtually everything is a-la-carte. So, if you buy a medium priced entrée, a salad, and 1 drink/glass of wine, tax, and tip, it's tough to see how a couple gets out of there for less than $100. That may be the average cost for very good Italian cuisine these days, but there are good alternative restaurants that will cost you less. - - - I'm into value more than "presentation" and "ambiance".

Accommodations - 4 Stars
When you go out to eat with 6, it is best to have a round table. We did and it makes it much more enjoyable. As we arrived at 6:15, we would actually hear each other talk! When you get to be may age, that can be a challenge. If you invite me out to dinner at a noisy restaurant and you mention something bad that is going on in our life and I say, "That's good", just slap me.

Atmosphere - 5 Stars
The decor was fine, but I gave it 5 stars because of the piano player. Dennis was amazing. He played classical and pop music. He took requests, played about anything without any sheet music. - - - I did stump him, though. I asked him if he would/could play either (A) Prokofiev's Piano Concerto #3 the 3rd Movement or (B) Greenback Boogie. (I have a very eclectic music preferences.)

By the way, the Prokofiev piece is the most extraordinary musical performance I've ever seen. You can watch it on YouTube at https://www.youtube.com/watch?v= KDfGBmbNbMw. The YouTube video is almost 33 minutes long. If that it too much classical piano music for you, start at the 27:45 point. It will be the fastest 3 minutes of your life. Watch the pianist's hands closely. They sometimes move faster than the shutter speed on the camera. It is an amazing physical feat. The pianist is always exhausted afterwards.
