IYreMhkT6e02tsbw-Dex5Q This was my first time at this restaurant.   It was a cool summer evening and we were seated in the open courtyard which was lovely.   There was a DJ which was fine, although sometimes the sound was a bit loud for carrying on conversations with my fellow diners.  It was also "ladies drink for $5.00" night which was a little tacky considering the price point at which we were dining.  To me, it didn't seem to be utilized by the female patrons anyway.   My advice is to move on from gender specific gimmicks.    Pre dinner drinks at the bar were done well.  I must, however, stop to mention the use of awkward and unsanitary flat screens used to peruse the menu.   I was told that a local entrepreneur has developed this software; I appreciate their interest in community support, however this impersonal bobble is just as unpleasant here as it is at Eat N' Park.   Where was I?  Ah yes the food.    The menu was all over the place.  It seemed clear they are still deciding what type of restaurant they'd like to become.   Believe the server when they mention that the small plates are small; In fact, they are microscopic to be precise.   Some things were good, such as the Mussels.   Other small plates only moderately resembled their descriptions from the menu.    There was no benefit to ordering wine by the bottle so we all chose individual glasses.   The wine list was fine though Im not accustomed to red wine being served in a chilled glass.    As for entrees, the fish plate was delicious.  However my red meat course was served at a cool medium rather than the hot medium rare as requested.    For dessert, we passed.   Only one option was made in house.  The rest were brought in from a bakery in Squirrel Hill.   I'm sure this is fine for patrons who enjoy this particular bakery in Squirrel Hill.   We all passed.     Bottom line. I expect more from a bottom line of that size.   To end on a positive note: The staff was all very friendly and attentive and both the interior space and exterior spaces were lovely.
