j0baDQfMAGDm_QGdFMmb-Q Voila is the creme de la creme! Located in the space formerly occupied by the Dragonfly Cafe, Voila is a neighborhood gem and bound to become a must-go restaurant once the word spreads. My friend and I arrived at 11 am on a weekday to find the doors locked, but the lovely woman inside explained that the web site was incorrect (they are going to fix it) and that if we didn't mind waiting until 11:30 when the kitchen opened, she would gladly seat us and get us something to drink.

Holey Moley! The coffee was divine! And it was brought with real cream in a creamer! What a treat! We were off to a great start!

The menu was chock full of choices as well as the blackboard that lists specials, soup and mussels. My dining companion and I had a difficult time deciding what to order . . . I could have ordered at least a dozen items.  We agreed to share the eggplant tart as an hors d'oeuvre. The puff pastry was so delicate, abundantly filled with eggplant, spinach and mozzerella and lightly topped with tomato sauce.  Heavenly! It was large enough to have as an entree for one!  Both of us were drawn to the mac and cheese with crawfish and the grilled brie sandwich, but we both opted for the mac (one with crawfish, one without as my dining companion is allergic).  What came to our table was two huge dishes of creamy, lightly browned mac and cheese, enough for at least four people! They do not skimp on anything here! Let me say that other than a mac and cheese that I once had at BItrot d'a Cote in Paris, this was hands down the best I have ever had . . . the perfect amount of cheese to pasta, the ideal amount of chunks of crawfish . . . each forkful so heavenly. But after five sumptuous bites, I had to put my fork down and have it packed to go . . . I shared it with a couple of friends that I visited on my way home and saved just enough to bring home to my hubby, who savored each bite and said we have to go back for dinner . . . ASAP!

While my friend and I lingered over the coffee, we couldn't help but notice that the restaurant was starting to fill up around 12:15 pm. One couple who came in said their favorite table was already occupied . . . by us!!!  We watched as heaping bowls of mussels  were delivered to almost every table around us. I can't wait to try them!

Our server (the woman who graciously opened for us) was attentive and friendly, and the kitchen staged the plating perfectly. And although the small dining room was getting very busy, we were not rushed at all.

What a delightful experience! I can't wait to go back for any meal, although I am very interested in their weekend breakfast (my favorite meal)! Voila . . . aptly named for this restaurant that just appeared by magic!
