jaSowNITPRRCYpPb3_pjdA I won't cross Andre's off my bookmarks list so that I remember to go back again - and again.  Loved this place!  

We were seated right away, given menus and a paper bag with the best bread I've had since moving to Vegas - 12 or 13 years of drought wiped away with a single bite.  Dense bread, with a crisp crust, just the way I love but can't find here.  See?  - it CAN be done!

Fortified with my glass of good German Riesling, despite the "no booze" warning on the medicine bottle, we ordered a Roasted Golden and Red Beet salad to share.  The kitchen divided it for us, plating each one prettily, and it was soooo good.  It didn't specify greens on the menu, but I was thrilled to see them there.  Just the right amount of dressing was paramount, since I forgot to ask for it on the side.  Wonderful combination of flavors.

My husband ordered Andre's Burger, medium, and it was incredible.  The red onion marmalade was perfect and plentiful, two slices of tomato were actually deep red (an accomplishment in this era of tasteless pink tomatoes), and the bun was brioche-y and lightly toasted, crisp where it needed to be, and soft in the right places.  He had them hold the truffle mayo, but that burger wasn't lacking for anything.  The accompanying basket of fries were enough to feed four.

I went for something different:  Trout Amandine, swimming in a beurre noisette, along with green beans.  I would have loved a larger portion of the green beans, but it was a beautiful dish.  I guess I've become accustomed to spicier food, because I thought it was a tad bland, but I think it was exactly the way it was supposed to be, because I finished every morsel of that sucker, something I never do.  And I was grateful that it wasn't salty at all. 

Our server, Lori (or Laurie?), was friendly and good, and the manager, Cheryl with a C, bade us a warm goodbye.  

I'd love to try their Happy Hour, but having it only from 3:30 to 5:30 makes it unlikely.  So I guess it'll be dinner again next time, and I hope that'll be soon.
