jaSowNITPRRCYpPb3_pjdA One of the worst brunch spots ive been too in Vegas. I dont even know where to start: the drink service was quick but pricey, the food service was slow and the food wasn't all that great when it did arrive. It's breakfast for goodness sake!!!! I honestly felt cheated for my time and money. I'll stick to Paris Baguette Cafe or DW Bistro which are both about 5 minutes east of here. 

Our party of 14 were sectioned off so we couldn't gauge how busy the other side was, but it took over an hour for the food to come out and when it did it came out it came in spurts. A few people got their food and by the time they finished the other people got theres. It was a disjointed mess. At some points people from the party had to find the server and ask what was going on. She kept saying the same thing -"its coming out". We werent in a rush but at a certain point theres only so much you can drink and you start to notice how long youve been waiting. I thought about cancelling my order and cutting my losses. 


The food arrived ONE HOUR and 15 MINUTES after ordering. During this wait no apologies, no visit from the manager, no comp pastry baskets. Nothing.  Just wait, wait and wait so more, pay and leave. No hospitality. No one even ordered a well done steak. Just eggs, a burger and a few salads. I was so disappointed when my food arrived. For one, I told the server specifically how I wanted the fried egg cooked and it came out over easy! I told her to cook it hard. The food came back made correctly in under 5 minutes. I was surprised because the entire order took over an hour! The Croque Madame was a sad dish to have waited over an hour for. I've had better at walk up cafes made in 10 minutes. This one was just a burnt piece of toast topped with a thin slice of ham, swiss cheese and bechamel sauce and a egg on top. Its typically a sandwhich with two pieces of bread and stuffed with ham and cascading with bechamel sauce, but these guys are apparently cutting costs. The top looked burnt, dried out and as if it's been sitting in the expo window for the better part of 30 minutes. The duck fat fries are NOTHING to write home about. Ive had better fries at McD's. 

Also the bottomless mimosas are more than most entrees on the menu at a staggering $24.99. I'm not sure when the trend started to charge locals so much for cheap champagne bought at whole sale prices mixed with ready made orange juice. Not even fresh squeezed or even with a garnish on the glass. 

While the server was nice i don't think she cared because she was getting an automatic gratuity. We all finished in 30 minutes and there we started the wait again as she scrambled to organize the checks. She had over an hour to get those ready.  Thankfully, i paid cash. Like I said I won't be back and I won't be sending any of my friends there or my guests.
