jaSowNITPRRCYpPb3_pjdA I went here today with 2 friends and our children. 

Service - 1 star
It took almost 30 minutes before we were able to order and our food didn't arrive until over an hour after we arrived. No one stopped to see how we were doing. Even though we did ask if the kids foot could come out early, and were told it would, we got all of our food at the same time and at this point the kids were starving

Beignets - 5 stars
These were delicious. Hot, sweet and amazing.  If everything else hadn't t been so horrible I would be back for these. 

Kids mac and cheese - 1 star for kids, 3 stars for an adult
This is not a kids mac and cheese.  It may be on the kids menu but it's not for kids.  Bread crumbs on top and made with a strong flavored cheese.  The cheese to noodle ratio was also way off with the noodles swimming in cheese and the noodles were way over cooked to mush. Neither of the kids that ordered it ate it which was lucky for me (see below). 

Kids chicken fingers - 2 stars for kids, 4 for adults
Also and adult dish hiding on the kids menu.  My son loved the fries. The chicken fingers had some sort of spice in the breading.  I thought they were delicious but none of the kids would eat them. Also, this plate came out scalding hot. The waiter carried it out with a napkin and warned us how hot the plate was.  When I pointed out it was for a one year old and we would like a cool plate the set it down anyway and said it wasn't that hot. When I touched it I almost burned myself.  Considering toddlers reach out and grab everything I'm lucky we didn't walk away with blisters.  Despite the temperature of the plate, the food was ice cold. Lucky for me, my some likes cold food so he still ate the fries. 

Brioche French Toast - 1 star
I ate one bite of the French toast which was both greasy and cold.  I'm not sure how you make French toast greasy.  The waiter asked how the food was after I had the first bite and I mentioned it was cold. He took it back and after everyone else was half done with their meals, he brought back the same plate which was now lukewarm and rubbery.  It had clearly been stuck in a microwave.  

Ceaser salads - 1 star
Neither person that ordered one had more than 2 bites. 

My friends did get the quiche and French onion soup and said both were good.  

I ended up eating cold chicken fingers and mushy noodles swimming in cheese.  No one in the restaurant seemed to notice that the vast majority of food that we ordered went uneaten. Needless to say we won't be back.
