jaSowNITPRRCYpPb3_pjdA Really great French place for date night. Review as follows ~~

Service: 5/5
Our server Nicholas was amazing. Super friendly, knowledgeable about the menu, and gave amazing recommendations for sauces, wine pairings, and dessert! Water cups never reached half empty, and they were super accommodating when I didn't like the cocktail I ordered. I can't over state how amazing the service is here. 

Food: 4/5
Roasted Vegetable Terrain: 3.5/5
Personally, not my cup of tea. My boyfriend loved it, but I was pretty indifferent to it. I do like that they use quality ingredients, and the flavors complement the veggies rather than mask the taste. I didn't like the gelatinous texture, and I personally prefer richer foods. Recommend if you want something light and fresh. 

Gnocchi with pea purée: 4/5
I thought the gnocchi was a liiil' dense, but I really enjoyed the pea purée and the flavors. Really yummy vegetarian option ~

Ribeye steak with green peppercorn sauce: 4/5
The steak was overcooked. My boyfriend asked for medium rare, and it came out medium well. What really saved the meal for him was the green peppercorn sauce our server recommended. He said it was so good he could've eaten it as a soup. Separately, the steak was a 3/5 and the sauce was a 5/5. 

Mashed potatoes: 3.5/5
Mashed potatoes are always good, but they weren't anything special.

Chocolate and Vanilla Soufflé: 4/5
When our meal came out, our server gave us a heads up that the soufflé takes 20 minutes to make so we ordered before we ate. Five minutes after finishing, the soufflé came out. It was fantastically fluffy and rich, with a good rise. Plus, both flavors and sauces were amazing. 

Chocolate Pot de Créme with Vanilla Ice Cream: 4.5/5
Basically described to me as "chocolate pudding on steroids." Super rich dark chocolate pudding, topped with whipped cream and a sugar madeline cookie. Definitely recommend getting the vanilla ice cream to balance out the bitterness and the richness of the dark chocolate.  

Pricing: 4/5
I thought the prices were super reasonable. For one appetizer, two entrees, one side, two desserts, and two drinks, it came out to $120 before tip. The ingredients are quality, the taste is good, but I think the real steal here is the service.

Overall: 4/5
Overall, I totally recommend this place. Great place if you're craving French food, or you're looking for a cute place for date night ~
