jaSowNITPRRCYpPb3_pjdA Honestly, we had a terrible time at Andre's on Saturday night. It was packed, which is completely expected for a Saturday night, but the restaurant was totally understaffed. It was 20-30 minutes between each contact with our server. We were at our table for 30+ minutes before actually ordering our food and an hour before we got our appetizers.

We ordered the foie gras app and the meat was burnt to a crisp, completely inedible, and couldn't even be cut. The french onion soup was basically salty water. Our entrees were only a little better, definitely needing salt, but it took so long for the server to come over to us that we ended up asking the table next to us to borrow theirs. When we would ask a busser or food runner for something (salt, lemon, more water) they would leave and never come back. Our server was really nice and we actually felt bad for her. It was only her second weekend there and she was totally overwhelmed. 

We finished eating and sat there for another 30 minutes, trying to flag SOMEONE down to bring us our check. The server brought the bill and we gave her our card, only to have her come back 10 minutes later to say that the register was having some sort of issue and our card couldn't be ran. She disappeared again before we could get a proper explanation...we didn't bring enough cash, soooo what would they like us to do? Again, we sat for minutes wondering what was going on. We finally flagged down the manager (who never showed up when we originally asked for her) and asked her what the deal was? We had $50 in cash and the bill was $59...could we use our card to pay or not? She didn't apologize, but told us "...to just go." 

I guess we got a few dollars off our bill, but what kind of manager responds like that?! I wouldn't recommend this restaurant to anyone and we will never go back. We couldn't decide which was worse, the service or the food. When all was said and done, we were there for two and a half hours and only spent about 30 minutes of that actually eating!! The rest of the time was spent praying for someone to come to our table. The worst!
