jaSowNITPRRCYpPb3_pjdA I was expecting more from my meal, especially given early rave reviews, but brunch fell flat.

Andre's Bistro and Bar is a fairly new location in Southwest Las Vegas carrying on the French cuisine of a local institution that used to be on the Strip for a time, and reportedly started out downtown a few decades ago. I was invited to brunch with several Yelp friends and leapt at the chance to try out what really should have been a better meal.

Drip Coffee ($3): good coffee, not that much bitterness, enjoyed it just fine as a black unsweetened coffee as I am wont to do these days, but I had to ask for refills twice before getting more coffee.

Bread with butter (complimentary): a very promising start, with an exceptional sliced baguette and a puck of creamy butter. It was confusing that only part of the table received this offering at the start, while the rest of us had to bide our time until around the arrivals of the appetizers/sides, but it was well worth the wait.

Duck Fat Fries (unsure of side dish price, was grazing on a friend's): the texture was reasonable good, but you'll definitely taste duck fat in every bite. Garlic was also plentiful. Ketchup was standard and came in a relatively small amount; fortunately, it wasn't necessary

Escargots de Bourgogne ($12): six snails served in those ceramic circular plates with indentations. Very good flavors from the herbs and garlic butter and not too chewy. The extra sauce complemented the complimentary baguette quite well too. Despite the cost, I'd order it again.

Andres Classic Benedict ($14): I enjoyed this in the moment, but it really feels like a small portion compared to similarly priced eggs Benedict at similar local spots. The Benedict was tasty and the yolk was runny, but the English muffin was unremarkable and the ham was especially sparse considering how thinly it was sliced. I had to do some excessive manipulation to get ham onto every quarter portion of the muffin. The potatoes were quite awesome, but a side dish does not a great entree make (and the potato portion was also small compared to something like Kitchen Table).

Chicken and Waffles ($16 on menu, but $14 on receipt): flavors were mostly right, although I just couldn't figure out how the (delicious, by the way) Southern-style gravy was supposed to be compatible with the syrup. The main issue is that the dish fell flat on textures. The fried chicken batter had the feel of flour, which shouldn't happen at all even if it's made of flour. The chicken itself was oddly too tender - not mushy, but it just didn't have the heft of being meat. The waffles - love the cornbread composition, by the way - could've been a little more crisp.

Chocolate Pot De Creme ($8): pretty good dessert. Smooth throughout, in both the chocolate and the cream topping. Didn't fall into the trap of tasting like boxed chocolate pudding, which was an issue at another local restaurant but the chocolate could be richer and/or darker. The vanilla "cookie" garnish was a bit ephemeral, but fun, and the mint garnish was nice but overpowering if actually eaten.

Grand Marnier Souffle ($12): great dessert overall. Fluffy, lemony, tableside presentation including a hole poked into the top and cream poured into that indentation. Pricey, but likely worth it if you're a fan of the dessert.

Small aforementioned issues aside, service was reasonable. There was a 18% auto-gratuity for our larger group. The receipt has an offer for 10% off lunch (Mon-Fri 11:30am-3:30pm) for a group of up to 6. Decor was welcoming enough, and televisions presumably can be tuned to major sporting competitions, although I wouldn't call ESPN's coverage of college softball that much of a must-see event.

Whether it was flaws in execution (such as the decidedly non-bleu cooking temperature of my tablemate's burger) or overarching recipe issues, my particular meal at Andre's Bistro and Bar did not meet my high expectations. Thus, I can't say that "I'm a fan," although I'd rate my experience 3.5 stars if that were possible on Yelp. That said, I'll keep the place in mind for a revisit because of the praise I've heard and read for other menu items.
