JePdoHGJ2kWRQkfGx0T34Q Amazing Rotisserie chicken! Come here all the time! Best chourasco around! The potatoes are also pretty great with the hot sauce :) Friendly service, great food! It's my go-to spot for Portuguese chicken :)

Oh, and I wanted to respond to another reviewer. I have been here more times than I can count, and to address the complaint that upon walking in, they didnt greet you right away, I think this is just a politeness thing to be honest. I am almost sure that they just thought you were deciding on what to order and didnt want to pressure you.

Also, regarding the ribs, I haven't personally had their ribs, but I would have to say, given that it is a Churrasqueira, which means rotisserie house in Portuguese essentially, their specialty is chicken. Rotisserie chicken to be exact (Although the grilled is also very good). 

So, to be honest, I'm not sure about the ribs, but remember this is a Portuguese chicken place. If you go to a churrasqueira you would do a diservice to youserlf to not get the chicken. Trust me, get the rotisserie chicken, get them to put the hot sauce on it (if you dont mind a bit of heat [more flavour I find], get it cut into quarters, have a side of the traditional perisian round potatoes and rice. Can of Sumol. And you got yourself a great Portuguese meal. Absolutley delicious. Chicken falling off the bone. Just thinking about it gets me salivating.. Pavlovs dog here :| 

Anyway, I thought I should address that. Ive had some of their other food (octopus, bacalhau a braz), and its pretty good too. But the specialty, do yourself a favour, and get that famous rotisserie Portuguese chicken. Mmmmm might even go get some tonight now.. *-) 

Oh, and, the people who work there have always been friendly to me and others I have come in with. I dont know if its a Portuguese thing, and just a cultural misunderstanding. My partner tells me how it often seems like we're angry, but its just passion :) :P I'm always happy, so dont mind the screaming, it's just how we talk haha :D
