JEXasd9XUHFbt_fIdmdK8g It's been a while since I've been so impressed with the food at a restaurant. After dining at La Banane last month, I couldn't stop raving about it to anyone who was willing to listen to me.

Tip: If you can't get a reservation and have a small group, try walking in for an early dinner (around 6 PM) and you will probably be able to get a seat at the raw bar. I went with two other friends on a Sunday night, and the restaurant was pretty empty and we were able to get seated at the bar right away. Plus, the service at the bar was pretty attentive, and we were able to place our orders for food and drinks as soon as we were ready.

My friends and I ordered a bunch of dishes and just shared for the most part. We started with an artichoke dish, which was one of their specials that day. It was lovely and had this really rich, creamy, fragrant buttery sauce that somehow still managed to avoid being too heavy. We also tried the albacore tuna (also had a lovely and buttery sauce to it - a common theme here, I guess - but wasn't so overpowering that we couldn't taste the tuna), calf-brain ravioli (these were nothing too interesting), crab back gratin (this was quite good, but overshadowed by the eurobass), and eurobass en croute.

The star of our meal was hands down the eurobass, and it's the dish you'll see tons of pictures of, with the fish wrapped in puff pastry. They bring out the fish to you all wrapped up so you can see it/take a photo, then they return to the kitchen to remove the top of the pastry and debone the fish. I was surprised by how soft and moist the fish was, and it was also incredibly flavourful with the yuzu beurre blanc. The pastry is super salty, so it's not recommended you eat it, but I guess the purpose is to keep all the flavour sealed inside the fish while it cooks. Would HIGHLY RECOMMEND trying.

I left feeling satiated, but surprisingly not grossly full, despite the richness of most of the dishes. It is a bit on the pricier side, and the bill can start racking up quite quickly, especially if you get a lot of stuff to share. I thought it was still pretty reasonable considering how many different dishes we got to try - our total bill with two drinks was around $220 for 3 people.

The restaurant is beautiful, and the ambiance is classy but not pretentious. I found all the staff to be very nice, and most of the other patrons weren't super dressed up.

I would absolutely come here again! There are other items on their menu I definitely want to try, and I would also love to come on a special occasion so I have an excuse to try the $50 ziggy stardust chocolate egg :D
