JEXasd9XUHFbt_fIdmdK8g The atmosphere is good.  Stylish, elegant, hip, whatever.  The kind of décor where rich people feel comfortable and people like me roll their eyes in judgment at the pretention.  It's not a huge departure from when it was The Saint and I am exaggerating for dramatic effect.  It's nicely decorated; pretty much the polar opposite of Montgomery's down the street.  They hung a rug on a wall at Montgomery's.  I will never go back to a place that can't get that right. Rugs go on the floor people.

Anyway the service is excellent.  The drinks list very good; a really nice selection of beer was on offer, though they had nothing on tap.  So far so good.  But the food was just okay for me.  The omelette was delicious but for $15 it had better be you know?  But nothing else really did it for me or lived up to the promise that a price tag makes--if you're charging $28 for a duck leg on veg it had better be life affirming and call you back the next day.  But if you're poor like me you probably feel the same way I feel when I order a Big Mac.  Like it's no big deal.  It didn't cost a lot, relatively speaking.  I didn't spend a lot.  It tasted okay.  Life goes on...

Can we talk about the three cheese plate for a minute? It was really underthought.  They don't serve it with anything.  It was just three pieces of cheese lying naked, exposed, and vulnerable on a plain white plate.  There were no crackers.  No bread.  Neither honey, fruit, figs, jam, nor jelly were there to lend a hand.  Instead they upcharge for their brioche which they are only too happy to repeat to every table and probably every random person walking up Ossington who passes the door, is made daily in house.  

Overall this is a good place and I knew it was pricey going in so it seems wrong to complain but you can't help what you're good at.  Probably if you like The Chase or Canoe you'll like it here.  Above average food with awesome service and drinks in an atmosphere where you can feel like you made it.

The disco egg is ridiculous.
