JezHN-9KKLTMbojq00VP0g I have been to Le Petit Triangle many many times (I live around the corner so it's easy to visit).  

Very cute little French Bistro in Ohio City.  It's also very small, so if you're going during busy time (brunch and weekends) be prepared to wait.

I am always amazed at big their menu is and how small their kitchen (picture a tiny NYC apartment kitchen), yet they are still able produce pure deliciousness! 

I always seem to order the same thing every time I go back...the Smoked Salmon Crepe. I love it that much. And I always order with the buckwheat flower (trying to be healthy while eating this yumminess).  Anyways, this crepe is filled with boursin (french soft cheese- kind of like a cream cheese) and salmon, served with red onions and capers.  All of these flavors go together so well. You won't be disappointed.

My boyfriend has ordered a few other things on the menu and has yet to be disappointed, but his go to is the Chicken Cheddar Chutney Crepe (chicken and cheddar with mango chutney on the side)...his favorite on a regular crepe. Personally I am not a fan of chutneys and jams and jellies, but have tasted his dish on several occasions and again, the flavors all just go together so well.  

All the crepes are served with a side salad of couscous and lentils.  Normally I would not think of this type of salad as being amazing, but somehow they manage to have made it one of my favorite salads.  It's very refreshing and and you just feel healthier eating it, especially on warmer days.

I recently had the fortune of visiting Paris a few months ago and while there I found a hole in the wall crepe place that served the most delicious crepes I had ever had.  I can honestly say that Le Petite's crepes are very comparable to those I had in France.

Their food is delicious, the atmosphere is quaint and the service is friendly.  If you haven't been here, you should definitely check it out.  I will continue to go back here time and time again.  Although one of these days I promise to try something else on the menu.
