JezHN-9KKLTMbojq00VP0g My wife and I went to Le Petit Triangle the night before Valentine's Day in what otherwise was a great night out.  While I would hope our experience would not be replicated across the many typical nights it is open, it is worth documenting in case others have had similar experiences.

We were seated just inside the front door so that two small tables in the window were behind us.  The two couples at these tables (we soon learned) were actually together and well known by the wait staff.  The foursome was loud, crude (uncountable f-bombs and other profanity laced most of their conversation), etc.  They shouted comments and orders to the wait staff, who shouted back or came over and became involved table side in the loud conversation.  A restaurant can't control the poor behavior of its patrons, but the staff can temper it instead of perpetuating it.  

Our meal started off well enough food wise.  The pâté was excellent and the onion soup hit the spot on a snowy night although the onions could have been carmelized better.  We ordered out entrees, another glass of wine, and then the wait began.

Some time passed as we slowly nursed our wine we intended to drink with our entrees.  After a long while when our glasses were near empty the waiter dropped the check....but we hadn't had our dinner.  He was embarrassed we didn't receive our food and somehow thought someone else should have brought it to us.  It was pretty clear they were cleaning up for the night so out wait for resubmitted order was long.  The guy behind the triangle counter tossed metal objects into the sink by the window (boom!) and finally the food came.

The Beef Bourguignon was pretty darn good.  The strip steak was warm and medium well instead of medium (probably sat as the other dish was being completed).  These were comped but that isn't the point.

Our waiter barely spoke to us as he dropped the check again and took our card.  I still don't know why my wife left a decent tip (on the undiscounted total).  

And the loud table made fun of my classic fur hat as I left.  

Very classy indeed.
