JezHN-9KKLTMbojq00VP0g My wife and I brought my parents to Le Petit Triangle for lunch, and our experience was very memorable.  The next day, they expressed to us that they would definitely enjoy going back again soon, and I would say that I share that sentiment.

Le Petit Triange is not without flaw, and while some of those flaws are charming, a couple of them weren't.  All in all, though, a positively delightful experience that, despite me putting away about four cups of coffee, led to a glorious afternoon nap.

We lucked out in being seated within five minutes of our arrival.  Two tables happened to open up as we walked in.  During our two-hour dining experience, a number of people were told that it would be 20-30 minutes for a table.  Fortunately, it was an unseasonably perfect day, nearly 70 degrees and sunny, so over the course of our time, the staff set up 4-5 tables out on the sidewalk, lending even more charm to the experience.

On to the food, I started with the onion soup and my stepdad with the pate.  The pate was very low country... earthy, heavy on the pepper, and fairly coarse.  We all enjoyed it.  The onion soup was one of the best I've ever had.  It was definitely the best I can remember.  Exquisitely rich and earthy on the palate, it transforms into a sweet onion candy after a few seconds.  I've never had onion soup with such complexity.

We all ordered sandwiches, a couple of variations of the Croque Monsieur, and the croissant breakfast sandwich.  Unfortunately, this is where some minor flaws creep into the experience.  When one guy is churning food out of a kitchen that is barely bigger than my own small kitchen, it's difficult to time everything perfectly, and this was obvious in the food.  It was all quite tasty, but my potatoes were a long way from being fresh from the skillet, and my sandwich had a luke warmish quality about it.  Still, though, everyone at our table cleaned his or her plate.

Despite our fullness, we decided that we needed to try dessert, so three of us ordered crepes.  I decided to make the sophisticated choice of the tart aux pommes, compared to my wife's choice of the Nutella crepe.  My mom ordered the aprioct and almond crepe.  Well, my wife made the smart choice.  I don't care if it's the easy choice.  I rarely moan about food, but for a minute, things got a little uncomfortable at our table.  The apricot and almond crepe was also to die for, really.  Sadly, the tart aux pommes was merely decent.  I expected fresh apples to be sauteed in butter and sugar and placed into a fresh crepe, but instead, the crepe was filled with apples that had been cooked some time ago.  Still good, just not what I'd expected.

Finally, a quick note on service.  While food took some time due to the aforementioned single chef and tiny kitchen, our service was perfect.  There was one server for the entire place, and she was busting her butt, non-stop, despite being quite pregnant. She had the help of another young woman who was bussing and getting peopel seated, and she was also busting her butt.  Everyone was working hard, and it showed.  I have no complaints about waiting on food.  You come to a place like this to relax.  If you want fast food, get fast food.  While we waited on our food, our beverages were kept full, and good conversation kept us busy.

Overall, just a fantastic experience, one I hope to have again very soon.  While I reserve 5 star ratings for truly flawless experiences and can't give that rating to Le Petit Triangle, I would rate this among a short list of my very favorite Cleveland experiences.
