JezHN-9KKLTMbojq00VP0g The Petite Triangle is pretty self-explanatory. It's petite. It's a triangle. Maybe eight tables encompass an open kitchen - almost Hibachi style, but instead of flying eggs and flames, you'll see ribbons of crepe-batter poured onto hot plates. It's an obtuse dining experience (Yes, I totally just rocked a 7th grade geometry class reference) with a triple threat of savory entrees, high-end cocktails (with petite prices!), and mind-blowing desserts. Does that make it a sextuple threat? 

Speaking of sex, lets talk Nutella. The biggest things inside the Petite Triangle are the gi-a-normous jars of Nutella. They're like kegs of chocolaty-hazelnut goodness hanging out at the bar, sweet enough to get giddy on. I fantasize about that stuff. It will catapult your date into bed faster than Mathew McConaughey in a Versace speedo. Wrap that up in a paper thin pancake with some fresh cut bananas, a dollup of airy whipped cream, powered sugar and a finely sliced strawberry - voila, you're a Cleveland Casanova.

Ok, so I jumped to dessert first - let's backtrack. I had always thought of The Petite Triangle as a Creperie - I. Stand. Corrected. There are soups, salads, steaks, pastas... and I haven't even touched on the extensive wine list. That tiny kitchen is like a culinary clown car - more and more and more and MORE food keeps popping out from behind it. 
I had the Steak & Boursin. Boursin is a cream cheese so creamy I actually thought it was butter. Now imagine fresh baguettes slathered in the stuff with two big fat steaks lying on top. Ohhhh yeah. Let's not forget the caramelized onions and homemade Lyonnaise potatoes, all painted with a hint of oil and spice. Each dish makes its entrance with a tantalizing aroma and a happy "ding" from the ready bell. Then it is swept tableside by a wait staff so naturally personable, you'd think you must have known them from a previous life.

And then there's the cocktails. For examples: A brown sugar cube doused in orange bitters, fizzing at the bottom of a sweet champagne cocktail. A fresh leafy Mojito infused with a simple syrup pressed from fresh lavender petals ... and here's the best part: $5-$6.
