JezHN-9KKLTMbojq00VP0g Update: Le petit triangle dissappoints.

Now I'm not one to pass quick judgement. . ok well I am but not on a place I have loved for so long as Le petit triangle, but I think at this juncture I have no choice.

Recently while there I found my only thoughts to be Julia Child would be rolling in her grave were she to know about this disasterous french cuisine. 

First of all our service. .  if you could call it service was insanely slow. It took 15 minutes for the waiter to get our drink order. . .and they were NOT that busy. 30 minutes after that they came for the food order. Then the food took nearly 45 MINUTES. I ordered a croque monsieur and the boy ordered the steak roquefert. Both plates were drenched in the beige creme sauce (aka gravy) and it was LUMPY EWW EWW EWW! There was way way way too much ham on my sandwich I had to remove more than half of it. Then the potatoes oh they made me sad. They were undercooked. . . and lacking any butter. and in french cooking you can never have too much butter, Right, Julia? The boy's steak which he ordered medium rare was gray. GRAY. yup that's right GRAY. It was medium well at best. And the Roquefert. Now the second cannon of french cuisine is bring on the stinky cheese not um whats that little lump on my steak? There was maybe 1gram of Roquefert. 

I don't know if this is now the exception or the norm but it will definitely make me think twice before dining at le petit triangle again :(.


Who ever said you can't teach and old dog new tricks? Le Oui Oui Cafe is revamped

Le Oui Oui Cafe recently changed ownership. The chef from Le Oui Oui bought it rom the previous owners and voila Le petit triangle cafe is born. This is one of the most impresive changes I have ever seen in a single restaurant. It's still the small cozy little eatery it always was. There are still the same 7-8 tables most of which only seat 2. It is still quiet, romantic and full of atmosphere but now I think the largest change was the feeling. Le Oui Cafe was a small french restaurant trying to be something it was not. Now Le Petit Triangle Cafe gives you the feeling you are in a small street cafe in Lyon. The service is definitely in the french tradition. They are very attentive and more knowledgable than average.  The only thing that seems to be missing is the mural on the wall. The menu revamp upon the renaming was amazing. It is no longer a creperie that happens to serve fondue. This is now a true cafe. The flavors are better paired (no more rum raisin crepe with banana), clean, fresh, and crisp.  A vast improvement over the old.  

What I recommend
Ham and Brie Croissant
Artichoke Mushroom Crepe
ANY of the dessert crepes
Coffee 
Wine 

Hit or Miss
Larger groups

Avoid Like the Plague
hmm rum raisin crepes. they were gross. 

On a side note they do monthly wine tasting or beer tasting dinner . Always  a good time.
