JFfZDmNAoa_MHG16K2BY6A perfection?  

if you're going to write a review, and tell me that it has flaws, then congratulations to you.  you should have the knowledge that they are human.  that would also reveal to some of us, that you have no knowledge of the physical workings of an actual restaurant. to be impressed with!

anyhow, for face value, "loire" is a restaurant on the south east corner facing west of harbord, across from a gas station.  not the most ideal visual, while peering outside of the window.  but wouldn't you know it, that some of the best restaurants are always placed where no one else will find it?  

my first experience was for a special occasion, back in the summertime, when the patio was first built and used.  the patio was new enough, that there wasn't clear guidelines as to where a good table was, or how lighting would work, as the night progressed.  my memories of that, was of an absolutely beautiful dinner.  the one thing that will always stay in my mind, was of a desert that was made especially for us, as a request to the chef (JC), because of an idea that he had initially.  the service that night could have been better (could have used at least one more experienced floor staff that night), but they were just not prepared for the amount of guests that night.  fair enough, the economy was in a bit of a rutt, but it didn't reflect the meal!

my most recent, and second visit, was this past weekend (dec 04/10), where our staff christmas dinner was held.  a table of 11 (and an early seating), allowed us to finish our meal with a bit of time left, which was perfect (considering two of the guests were late).  a few of us at the table had never had certain items on the menu, and were quite happy to try new things, and aside from oysters (which we know doesn't appeal to some people), everything else was well received.  i'm not going to get into the details of each dish, but i'll just sum it up by saying that the whole evening was fantastic.  [spinach and endive salad, trout tartare, market oysters with a maple/apple mignonette][seared sea scallop, frog leg and veal sweetbread, duck breast and confit leg, butcher block of the evening was 10 oz. rib eye, and feature of the evening was braised rabbit risotto][banana bread, hazelnut creme brule, vanilla creme brule, peanut butter and chocolate mousse]

anyhow, sure they may seem to have just a little less of minimum staff for front of house, but for the majority of the time, they worked like a well oiled machine.  easy going enough, and professional enough.  their private dining room will be finished soon.  two guys in the kitchen (in the back) doing cold foods and presumably desert, and chef with his sous, in the semi-open kitchen pumping out ALL that hot food, with good timing, and perfection.  wine list...   bah, don't worry about the wine list.  just let the owner/somellier take care of you.  for dinner, we had an unoaked ontario chard, as well as a nicely blended red from loire.  both of lower price points.

one click on their homepage, and you'll see that they state that the restaurant is "casual gourmet".  it's nicely presented, and beautifully prepared home cooking.  but dining also is not only the food and the atmosphere.  it has to do with your table, and who is dining with you.  remember that.

enjoy!
