jLxeBgWhLRbII2ACkgH1Sg I've been here a few times over the years and the food has always been hit or miss and the service has always been lacking in many areas. My visit the day before yesterday was not by my choice, it was a friend who suggested we meet up here for brunch. As I walked inside it was the same chaotic mess with customers all over and the tables and chairs cramped together. I had to move my chair several times just so the people sitting behind me could get by and the other side of the table was too close to the ordering line. You place your order at the register and then they give you a number to place on your table and they bring the order out. The guy who took my order seemed clueless as to the menu and prices listed. I ordered a strawberry Crepe with chocolate and toasted almonds and he added on each topping as an extra and when I told him that the menu clearly says it's $7, he actually went to get another employee to show them my order and then they were complaining in front of me about who was right. He then was told to correct the amount because the menu price was right and he suggested I get my order to-go. WTF?! I told him that I was eating here with a group of friends and he said ok. He then gives me my receipt and the other guy says he needs it back to complete my order. Very weird. 

It's worth noting that the original owners of La Belle Terre Bread French Bakery Café now own Delices Gourmands French Bakery on Sahara. Not sure if Gourmands has any ties with La Belle, but a lot of the pictures on yelp for both places show some of the food plated the same. Both use Peet's Coffee yet Gourmands was by far fresher tasting. 

White Chocolate Mocha ($4.35 for large) - I'm not sure why, but my drink was put in a to-go cup and they were not out of regular cups because other people at my table who ordered before and after me were given normal cups. It's not like it makes the drink taste different, but it seems like the guy who took my order did it on purpose since he suggested I get my order to-go. They use Peet's Coffee, which I have no problem with if it tastes drinkable. This mocha tasted burnt and not fresh at all. It also wasn't very hot. Not worth the price tag.

Don't let the size of the croissants fool you, it was hollow inside. Not flaky and not worth it.

Croque Madame ($10.95) - Sourdough bread, dijon, bechamel, swiss, ham and melted swiss on top is what the menu describes, but not exactly what I got. This was a poor excuse for what they call a Croque Madame. The bread was so hard and crunchy and while a cheese crust is legit for this type of dish, it's not meant to be rock hard. I was given a fork and butter knife for my meal and that dull butter knife wasn't "cutting" it. There was some melted cheese in between the bread, but there was absolutely no melted cheese on the top and the bechamel sauce was really lacking. On my plate was also a basic salad and some potatoes that others at my table liked, but I personally found to be too overpowering with dill and mustard flavor. 

My hubby had a strawberry crepe and he was disappointed with the 2 measly strawberry pieces they put on top. Crepe was cooked nice, but needed more berries for sure. As if all of this wasn't disappointing enough, there was more to come. My friend (she's written her review and posted a picture of proof of what she paid for) ordered before any of us and she asked the employee to suggest a dessert for her. He said the Fruit Tart, so she went with that. After some time went by another friend went up to the register to ask about the fruit tart and the guy says after looking at the receipt that they are prepping it in the back. This was odd to us because the fruit tarts were right there in the case, but we still chatted and waited. After a longggggg time my friend still had no fruit tart! When asking about it again one of the guys started waving his arm across our table pointing at my friend saying that it's her fault if she doesn't have a receipt. He wouldn't shut up and just kept very loudly repeating that she needed to find the receipt because if she didn't have it for proof that it was all her fault and not his. I as well the rest of the people around me were all stunned at this guys behavior. After he heard us discussing our frustration and another friend telling him that they were aware she paid for it and was getting it ready for her, he brings out a fruit tart and tells her very loudly that he wants her to know that she did not pay for it, but he was being generous and giving it to her free and then says "you're welcome" as he's handing it to her. My heart broke for my friend as she clearly didn't deserve to be treated like that. Nobody does! There are far better options not only around town, but nearby. I will never be back and if someone suggests this place, I'll explain why I must pass.
