jLxeBgWhLRbII2ACkgH1Sg I remember when I was one of the first 7 customers there and getting the lip service from the person behind the counter.  Then I remember coming back later that night and being probably the last customer of the night and silly ol' me, by myself, letting him talk again and getting the same spill about their bakery and how everything is made fresh daily yadda yadda.  

But this is what Vegas needs more of, pure and authentic bakeries.  

Fast forward to present day La Belle Terre Bread, now with an actual sign on the building indicating French Bakery Cafe rather than a tarp-like sign hanging against the rail.  Had I written this review the first week they opened I would have needed to note this bakery was in the same complex as Paymon's and Sushi-Mon on W. Sahara.

The quiches come in mushroom with ham, mozzarella with basil and tomato, chicken with goat cheese and spinach, salmon with asparagus, and one with all kinds of veggies in it.  I've had them all and they're alright.

The soups I've had was the buffalo bean soup, love it, and the french onion soup, love it.  You get a french baguette with it.  But for $7 I hope it goes down as the weather gets cooler.  I do love the buffalo bean chili soup though.

Another favorite item of mine, when made fresh or that day is the Croque Monsieur (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/la-belle-terre-bread-las-vegas?select=1PG53Ltrg6dbg_U7OJjgHg#W5VJQeyWQscRG2MoKsWNdQ) .  If you do get this, get it with a fried egg on top!!  Additional $1 but well worth it.

There are also pastries to choose from inside the cold display cases to choose from but the bread is where it's at.  I've bought a couple loaves and the only other place I like to get loaves is the German Bakery on Lake Mead and the giant on Charleston, Manon.  The croissant I've had better else where but it's still good and even better with my Nutella packets heheheh but the kougin amann is oh so buttery good.  

When on the road, but not necessarily to eat in there, is the chocolate almond croissant!  Have it in a white bag and so while you're eating it on the road some of the almonds and chocolate will fall to the bottom of the bag.  After you're done with the croissant, you can eat the dropped chocolate almonds.  But do come in and try this place out!

And finally, nutella crepes.  Nutella crepes.  NUTELLA CREPES.
