jLxeBgWhLRbII2ACkgH1Sg I admit it. I am a carb-aholic.  I am a bread snob.  Once you have tried freshly baked bread, it is hard to go back to boring old Wonderbread and the other preservative filled commercially produced brands.  The smell of freshly baked bread is intoxicating. They sell freshly baked baguettes, batards, rolls, french and sourdough loaves.  My household goes through a lot of bread every week, and I am afraid my kids are turning into bread snobs too. I haven't tried everything yet, but I'm pretty sure it won't be long until we do.  So far the french and sourdough loaves have been our favorites.  

But, the bread is not what brought me into this lovely french bakery the first time.  It was the pastries.  Holy moly, are these addictive. On my first visit, I came home with a variety of perfect, buttery, flaky, melt in your mouth, pastries.  I had even bought 4 Cannelles for my family of 4 to share since we had never had it before.  Well, I ate my Cannelle in the car and it was so delicious I could not resist eating another.  I pondered splitting the remaining 2 that survived the drive home. for the family, but thought it would be better if I just ate all of the evidence instead.  I have since learned my lesson, and buy at least a dozen so the rest of the family can partake as well.

I have yet to try any of the soups or sandwiches because the breads and pastries grab my attention every time.  But, a quiche is definitely calling my name.  They serve deep-roasted Peet's coffee, the only bold coffee that can successfully give me the caffeine rush I need - which is why it is the only coffee I drink at home too.  The bakery itself is adorable and once you step through the doors, all of your senses are awakened- the scents of the fresh baked goodies, the shiny equipment behind the counter where all of the magic happens, and the warm and fuzzy feeling you get from a a great cup of bold coffee.  Service is very friendly, prices are reasonable, ambience is great, and there is free wifi- what else can you ask for?

*Yelp 100 Challenge: Review 33/100*
