jLxeBgWhLRbII2ACkgH1Sg This was my first time here and asked several friends for brunch on April 9. The food was average for American French food. I have been to France many times, so maybe my expectations are a bit high but yes, average. I have been to other French bakeries in Vegas that are indeed better.

As for my experience and service here, it was way below average! You can read my fellow Yelp Elite brunchers reviews, Christie L. and Kevin L, to back up my claim.

 I ordered a Croque Madame ($10.95) Medium Caramel Cafe Late ($4.05) and a fruit tart ($4.90)- I called for confirmed pricing. I asked the<U+200B> man behind the counter to choose a dessert, he said the "Fruit tart". This is important to my story. 

I got my food in a timely manner with the exception of the fruit tart. Kevin L. got in line to order and asked about my tart, response of they were making it. That made no sense, since it was in the display case. 1.5 hours later, still no tart. I asked, who I assumed was the manager about it when he came to our table. That's when things got interesting or as my other table mates said "INTENSE<U+200B>!".

The man who I assumed was the manager went to the counter, came back and asked for my receipt. I searched in my purse while he started to go a bit agro along with my friends teasing me to clean out my bag. I saw him making hand gestures pointing to himself than to me. I was a bit shocked when he said "You need the proof of receipt because<U+200B> it's your fault!" I am not joking! My other friends can confirm what was said. He walked to the other table and I could see him in the corner of my eye, my friends were saying how horrible service was, bad reviews, he shouldn't talk to me like that, etc. He came back and started acting as if he was doing me a favor by saying "You didn't pay for this but I am doing you a favor and giving it to you" "Your welcome!" I explain to him what was said during my order and I requested no receipt since I payed with a card. I remembered that after that Initial bombing of words. I got the tart and he was trying to be super nice telling me a story and asked why I looked sad. Whatever!

We all left, went to another French Bakery and discussed what happened. I looked at my credit card records and found the total of $21.51!! I have proof that I was charged for the fruit tart!!
