jLxeBgWhLRbII2ACkgH1Sg The sign says French Bakery & Café, not La Belle Terre. Knowing that will make your life much easier. They're located in the Great American Plaza near Paymon's and Nothing Bundt Cakes. They are currently undergoing an ownership change, but no changes in business or management (which should mean no changes in product either).

It's very quaint and I love the abundance of pastries and breads. There's certainly no shortage in variety. I was absolutely drawn to the five types of quiche! I wanted to try the chicken version, but the gentleman behind the counter forgot to put one in my box (sad face). So, I'll review them on my next visit! Anyway, I took my selections home to share with my fiancé.

Pain Viennois ($5.50) with white chocolate chips and pistachio paste. Very yummy! The bread is soft and chewy. I love the sweetness from the chocolate chips and the pretty green interior!

Kouign Amann ($3.50), pronounced kween-ah-mon, is a traditional cake from the Brittany region of France (originating back to the late 1800's). It's difficult to find and has only recently become popular and available in the states. It's similar to puff pastry since it's made with layers of dough and butter. The texture is chewy, dense, and has a nice crust on it. This was my first time trying one, so there's nothing to compare. It has a nice flavor and it was definitely enjoyable, but we both agreed that it wasn't our favorite pastry.

French Epi-Baguette ($3): It had a nice crust and chewy center, definitely what you want in a baguette. Not my favorite baguette in the flavor department. My measurement is eating it fresh (or lightly toasted) with just a touch of butter. It didn't have me reaching for more.

Almond Croissant: I love open-faced croissants. They're packed with flavor and I love the streusel on top. When I bit into this croissant, it immediately reminded me of marzipan (almond meal, sugar/honey), which set it apart from other almond croissants. Very tasty.

The pastries and bread were surprisingly hit or miss for me, however, everything was still good. It's a little bit of a drive for me, so I'm not sure how frequently I would return. Although, I would like to try their quiche and sandwiches.

Note: Don't forget your Yelp check-in offer of 10% off your bill!
