jo4KmAqlZ7vxjHIP7IIkAw I've been to this restaurant probably around a dozen times in the past few years. I've always enjoyed the food and service, and went back a few weeks ago for dinner with a friend. 

I ordered a steak cooked medium rare. Instead what I received was medium well. After first cutting into it I noticed it was way overcooked. However, I decided to try it and began eating. About halfway in the server came around and I politely told him the steak was too well cooked for what I had requested. He immediately affirmed that the steak would be redone. He then went to the back (the kitchen is clearly visible to diners) and I heard the chef yelling about my request. He came back with the same plate and told me the chef was absolutely sure the meat was cooked as I requested. I'm not stupid, and I've eaten many steaks in my lifetime, and I knew for sure that a medium rare steak shouldn't be grey on the inside middle. After going back and forth and hearing a bunch of visible agitation from the chef, he finally decided to cook me a new steak, but this didn't come until I agreed to "definitely eat the new one because they didn't want to waste food". I guess it makes sense but if it were me I would have just redone it without making a customer verbally promise to eat it. 

I was really dissatisfied with the experience for a number of reasons. Firstly, the server quite frankly treated me like I was dumb, and going back and forth with the same plate after promising first that the order would be redone was pretty unprofessional and embarrassing. Hearing the chef yell about a customer complaint didn't make things any better. When the server returned with the new steak, he made sure to remind me that "actually the first steak was cooked even rarer than medium rare" which was definitely untrue and unnecessary to say. If they really disagreed so much they should have told me off the bat that they don't do redos instead of being so wishy washy and invalidating of my opinion. 

I really loved this restaurant but unfortunately I will not be returning due to the perplexing and bizarre service experience.
