jSfnItqaOnEp2nenVF7fCg A friend of my wife and mine recommended this place to us saying that the meatloaf sandwich was wonderful.  I'm always looking for something 'new' and different so after my wife had her hair done next door to the Amuse, we decided that because we were in the neighborhood, we'd give it a try.

The placed looked nice, it was small, clean and we were the only customers in the place at about 1:00PM.  There was an elderly man there (I think he was related to the owners and he was baby sitting for a 5 yr old girl).  At any rate, he was not eating, just baby sitting.

The menu is sparse with only 6 featured items and then a few other items like a vegetarian sandwich and a soup of the day.  I wish I had taken the soup of the day (Creamed Green Chili) but unfortunately, I had the 1/2 lb hamburger called The Cabernet Burger because it's flavored with a Cabernet wine.  I'm sure that a lot of people would like this burger but it just wasn't for me.  I'm not sure if there was too much wine in the burger or if the meat was just too greasy because the bottom half of the bun was soaked with something - either grease or wine oozing from the hamburger meat.  In all honesty, I did eat 1/2 of this huge monster of a burger and 1/2 of the fries - that would be the half that weren't overly deep fried and hard as wood.

My wife had the Quiche Lorraine that comes with a salad and was supposed to have balsamic vinaigrette but to me, it looked like they forgot to add the dressing or if it was supposed to be on the side and they forgot to bring the dressing with the meal.  My wife passed on eating the quiche because it was a little runny for her taste.  Quiche has to be baked for about a half an hour and then it has to set for a little while before being cut and served. It is my guess that this quiche was baked much earlier in the day and then left out under a heat lamp.  It looked like the egg / custard mix was starting to 'melt' and as it did, the crust began to get soggy.  

So, we paid about $22 bucks for half a burger a dry salad and a glass of tea.  Unlike our friend that recommended the Amuse to us, I will steer our friends away from this not so good place.
