K1Y1cQT6KuWOfAoDbDIh_g We didn't mind the Tyvek across the street, it was a holiday weekend, so there was no construction noise, and the place looked quite inviting, the weather outside was pretty good, so we sat outside. I had read a lot of positive things about Le Mas Des Olivers, especially on YELP, which is most cases reliable. However, though the restaurant was beautiful, and waiters very charming, personally, I felt the food was sub-par. I know, I know, why did we order the predictable onion soup? Because both my boyfriend and I adore it, but the onion soup had to be the worst on the planet, It tasted as if the chef had fallen asleep with a box of salt in his hand. I was sick for two days from the amount of salt, and I was too sheepish to let them know. My fault. Boyfriend, who never complains about anything (God bless his soul), whispered to me during the repast that he felt the soup was a bit too salty! A Bit??? Canned anchovies have less salt in them!! We then moved onto the main course. I had a steak, he had the surf and turf. My steak was good, well seasoned, tasty, with nice steamed veggie, and a really great small salad, I could not complain, however.... Boyfriend's steak was the size of a dime, and the lobster tail was awful! What could be worse than an extremely overcooked, dried out and glued to the shell lobster tail? (Yes, the onion soup!!!)  And please do not order an iced tea.... it was scary, foamy (?) and bitter. Dessert was not so bad as all the rest. The Mille Feuille tasted very homemade, pastry crispy and delicious with fresh fruit and a beautiful and sensuous cream. The chocolate mousse was very good as well, piped into a cocktail glass, with a rich strong chocolate topping. Go there for dessert, because dessert won't cost you $180, which included only 1 small inexpensive glass of wine, and an ice tea (if you want to call it that). Who would think that you could have a bad meal in Montreal? I certainly did not! Oh yeah, and by the way, right next door to Le Mas Des Oliviers was a West Indian place that was packed to the rafters. A strong and steady crowd moved in and out, some carrying take out bags, others not. Next time I go to Montreal to see my boyfriend, we are headed there, for sure, instead!
