K2C8dSx9215LLcIzHL959Q We did the Valentine's Day tasting menu. 

Food: Delicious things were done with vegetables and fungi. The potato leek soup was flavorful and a perfect match for the two mushrooms. The beets were freaking amazing. I actually got in trouble for taking too long to eat the beet dish. (See service below.) I wish all plates came with that little line of goat cheese. The foie gras was fine. I'm not a huge fan, but it had a nice, buttery finish, and the nut butter gave it an interesting dimension. The salmon was perfectly sous-vided (it's a word!), and I loved the lavender flavoring. Coming in second place only to the beets was my exquisite duck main course. Perfectly cooked. Great sauce. The (gluten-free) lobster hush puppies on the side were eh. My husband LOVED his Wagyu beef. Period.

Dessert: Yes, liquid nitrogen is super fun. However, after it floated away, my dessert was basically chocolate pudding and vanilla ice cream with citrus fruit. I'm gonna need a little more than that.

Service: The service impressed us at the start of the evening because although my husband had called ahead to secure a gluten-free version (of course) I threw a curve ball with a "yeah, I also don't eat read meat so I'd like to skip that Wagyu beef part." I told them it was unnecessary to edit, and that I was happy to skip along to dessert, but the servers and the chef insisted. They did a super fast pow-wow, checked my prefs and double-checked my allergens (yes, just the wheat) and came up with a replacement main course on the fly (well, an hour-ish later). WOW. Awesome and thank you!!! After we ordered our drinks, a beautiful dance commenced with dish upon delicious dish delivered to our table. I will say that some of the servers clearly enjoy/understand their job more than others.

Unfortunately, two things happened that undermined the goodness. One, we didn't know that we were under the gun to finish our meal! They had scheduled the tables exactly two hours apart so about an hour into dinner we were informed that we were eating too slowly and that we had to hurry up to make room for the next seating. I'm don't get much time out alone with DH, it was Vday, and I had multiple courses of delicious food to eat so I though the speed was ok. The staff made me feel like I was being rude for taking the time to enjoy my evening. Two, as they rushed us through to the end, my gluten allergy got overlooked, and our desserts had to be remade. Eek.

Overall, we enjoyed the food and would return. However, we'd want to know exactly how much time we had to eat so we could plan accordingly!
