K2C8dSx9215LLcIzHL959Q If you're looking for an excellent fine dining experience in the East End, The Twisted Frenchman is absolutely worth a try.

My friend and I went on a slow, stormy, Sunday night. We looked over the menu, which was largely meat-based, but were very intrigued by the custom vegetarian entree option. We ordered the beet salad and a soup as appetizers, and each got the vegetarian entree. Apparently, there is a multi-course vegetarian tasting menu available as well, if you want to go the full mile.

Both the soup and the beets were excellent. I often joke about "New American" restaurants and their beet salads. Like, you're not a New ____ restaurant unless you have a damn beet salad on your menu. And it has to have a drizzle. And be served on a rectangle. However, this was like... the best of those beet salads I think I've ever had. So, I couldn't even crack my jokes.

The server was very friendly, and helpful. He knew when he was needed and when to stay away, answered questions with accurate detail and impeccable memory skills - even on the two vegetarian entrees. He also worked on talking with the chef in helping us select a wine that would pair perfectly with our dishes.

Then, the entrees came out. The chef *could* have made us both the same thing, but didn't. Each was customized according to a list of ingredients of foods we didn't care for (the list was short). My memory isn't as good as the server's, but my dish was some sort of delicious carrot polenta puree cake which had a nice hard texture on top, and was delectably smooth in the center - think sort of like creme brulee. It was over a bed of ratatouille, and was surrounded by all sorts of yummy treats, a few sauces, and a balsamic reduction drizzle. It was superb.

My friend's dish had a really excellent green (pesto?) sauce, fresh gnocchi, vegetables, and, well, I forget at this point. It was equally excellent. However, we both agreed that we liked our own dish the best, so somehow that worked out well.

Dessert was an adventure. We got both desserts, and didn't regret that decision at all. The chocolate mousse has a special surprise preparation at-table, and an amazing combination of textures (again, sort of like creme brulee). I was in heaven.

The decor of the restaurant has been very much stepped up from when it was Notion. Now there is actually art and decor, and the seating isn't one giant wall bench. It feels more intimate, warmer, and thought out. It feels like somewhere you'd get a nice meal - not like a hotel restaurant afterthought. The hanging dried flowers are a bit strange, but, its better than blank beige walls.

After dinner, we went to the kitchen to thank the chef, and ended up chatting with the entire staff for a good 10 minutes or so. They were all very friendly, receptive, and excited to share their vision with us.

I absolutely recommend this place. Yes, its a bit on the pricey side, but I'd rank it over Spoon or Salt in quality - with an experience very much like Root 174.
