K2C8dSx9215LLcIzHL959Q Looking over my profile, it's been a long time since I wrote a review. My dinner last night at The Twisted Frenchman, though, was so extraordinary that I absolutely had to drag my password out of my memory and share my experience. 

So, do you miss the creativity and showmanship (without "showiness") of Kevin Sousa from his special menu at the Bigelow Grille days? How about the precise French execution of Laforet? And what about the amazing flavor profiles and quality ingredients of Bona Terra? Well, you now have no reason to miss any of those things, because The Twisted Frenchman has all of that, and more. 

First, the decor and ambience. It's hard to believe that this place was once Royal Caribbean. The overall style is much the same as it was during the notion days, but it has been amped up a few notches so that it feels just a bit more elegant and a bit more intimate. You can still clearly see when other diners are receiving their food, and hope that amazing-looking dish is coming your way soon, but there is enough of a degree of separation between the tables that you can just focus on your dining companion(s) instead, if you wish. The music choices fit the restaurant well, too, and the service is very enthusiastic. Our main server had also had many of the dishes we tried, and spoke about them knowledgeably and avidly.

The star of the show here, though, is the food. We each had the tasting menu with the wine pairings, and that was absolutely the right choice. There were a number of dishes on the regular menu that almost tempted us away from that, but they ended up showing up on the tasting menu anyway, so that worked out well. The tasting menu is expensive for Pittsburgh, but would be considered a bargain just about anywhere else (and it is totally worth the price). The portion sizes for each of the courses was just right - we felt very satisfied at the end of the meal, but not like we were going to explode. The wine pairings were also well done, as were the sizes of the pours - it was enough wine to induce frivolity, but not sleepiness.

I enjoyed every course, but the four standouts for me were the salmon, foie gras, sturgeon, and duck. The plating of the salmon was a fun bit of show, with a classic modernist cuisine presentation (if that isn't an oxymoron), and the feel of an updated bagel-and-lox. The flavor of the salmon was beautiful, both on its own, and with the accompaniments of the roe, everything bagel, and creme fraiche-cream cheese. I normally find smoked or cured salmon either to be a bit overwhelming with salty or smoky flavors or to be too bland or "fishy" with not enough curing for the size of the salmon portion, but the thickness of the salmon cut for this dish was absolutely optimal - it was a great blend of smoke and sea.

The foie gras was also perfectly portioned. If I remember correctly, I believe that the brioche on the bottom is toasted/fried in duck fat? In any event, the foie gras was sized and seared so that it balanced the richness of the liver with a caramel sweetness. The red onion marmalade and balsamic glaze on the plate provided a nice, sharp counterpoint to that, as did the yeastiness of the brioche. Each component of the dish was ideally sized to balance the others.

The sturgeon was cooked just right, and the carrot-grit base was a nice pairing with the sort of chicken/halibut flavor of this fish. It's rare to find sturgeon on a menu, but I will definitely be keeping an eye out for it now! The grilled pearl onions, and tiny asparagus tip and tomato combined with the fish and carrots to really feel fresh and summery. (Incidentally, our server told us that the sturgeon was ethically raised, which was nice to know.)

Finally, the duck. It was, again, cooked perfectly, and combined with the ratatouille and the grain salad, the flavors felt like the type of homey dish that you could have in a farmhouse in rural France on a rainy day.  The elegant presentation, though, wouldn't be found in many farmhouses, nor would the foie demi poured over the top. In a word, wow.

This review has turned out to be rather long, and I think I used the word "perfect" about a dozen times, but The Twisted Frenchman absolutely deserves every bit of praise. In summary: go! Go now! Order the tasting menu, and have a meal that you won't soon forget.
