K2C8dSx9215LLcIzHL959Q 4.5 stars rounded up.

Just got back from a fantastic dinner at the Twisted Frenchman for Restaurant Week (which by the way, is one of the more "worth it" dinners during Restaurant Week!).

I started with the potato-leek soup with a dollop of creme fraiche and a wonderfully roasted maitake mushroom. The soup was poured table-side (love it!) over the other elements. The soup was lightly creamy, warm, and that maitake mushroom -- sooo good.

For my entree, I got the salmon. The salmon was perfectly cooked, served atop some whipped (?) potatoes and a sauce, along with some braised leeks. This was a fairly standard but well done dish.

My friend, on the other hand, got the agnolotti as her entree. It was stellar. The pasta was perfect, the sauce was great, and the truffles -- oh, the truffles -- they were so satisfyingly savory. I will remember this dish and come back for it.

We ended on the frozen chocolate dessert. The chef/owner himself (Andrew) came out to carefully pour liquid nitrogen onto the chocolate mousse portion of the dish and explain anything we wanted. After all the liquid nitrogen, he cracked open the top and mixed it with the rest of the chocolate mousse. So fun! This was all served next to a chocolate cake sitting on top of a strawberry puree and topped with a cara cara orange sorbet. The chocolate mousse was nice and the frozen part melted in your mouth but was a nice change in texture. The cake (brownie?) was a bit dry and the strawberry puree was not really my thing, but the sorbet was nice and overall the dessert was worth it for the experience more than the flavor. The presentation of each of the dishes was truly spectacular, and it definitely added to the fine dining feel of things.

All in all, solid dinner. The service was attentive, knowledgeable, and pleasant (thanks to Roy and the rest of the servers that helped us out!), and the food was pretty good to amazing. If I could critique anything, maybe the decor/lighting/signage could use some work, but honestly, that would not keep me from coming back here for another great meal.
