K64Uw3a2Enh2MznpwRHWKQ we sat at the chefs table and i love the eye contact Razz makes. some people never look you in the eye and thats a huge pet peeve of mine. but razz locks eyes and i love it. i guess you could call me an eye-locking whore.

Be sure to only eat at the chefs table and just let Razz decide what you're going to eat and drink.  

the first course was like a crab cake w a curry sauce and carmelized ginger. on top of bitter greens. i can't even explain it other than it was like little angels dancing in my mouth. 

the 2nd course made me decide that if Razz cooks me seafood I will LOVE it. it was like red snapper with a sauce that i'm just going to call butter bc it was so good and light. and then the snapper was on top of a bed of beans that were to die for. i'm sure there was a great explanation but i couldn't hear Razz over my thoughts. the "MMMMMMMMMMMMMMs" and the "OHHHHHHHHs" going on in my head were very loud. I'm sure my eyes looked like they were going to pop out of my head.

this is where things start to get blurry but i'm pretty sure our 3rd course was lobster, crab and some other shell fish in filo dough on top of a tomato, basil and garlic puree. it was soooo super tasty.

next was my 2nd favorite course- it was oxtail on top of a queso crisp with an avocado relish. YUM! YUMMY YUMMMMMMMM!!!!!! 

5th course- my least favorite- i learned that Razz can make me like seafood but he can't make me like duck. I was super adventurous and figured i'd probably like it but oh my gosh, sooooo not for me. 

6th course- delicious rice mixed in with oysters...or was it clams? or muscles? you get the idea, right? whatever it was, i did not find a pearl in the middle.  it had a spanish flare. it was very good. i was pretty overwhlemed and stuffed beyond measure by this point so i can't remember. and i had a glass of wine and i'm a weak drinker so for me that means borderline drunk. 

last was dessert- it came with a slice of passionfruit cake (not my thing), a slice of a coconut type cake (super good) and a wedge of this very intense piece of chocolate (that was totally my thing). we were so super full we had to box it but it was tasty.

I could be mixing everything up and saying it wrong but the important thing to know is that "anything made in this building is the best and everyone will like"- Razz

on that note, i can't wait to go back!!!!! he was sooo fun to sit and eat with, definitely be sure to eat the chefs table. BTW- restaurants.com has a $100 gift card when you spend $200- which is SOOOO doable. we had 6 courses, plus dessert and 3 glasses of wine and our bill came out to $196.

196
-100  coupon
____
96 
 / 2 diners= about $50 per person plus tip.
