K64Uw3a2Enh2MznpwRHWKQ My husband and I tried Razz's with a Groupon we had purchased.  We find Groupons to be a good way to try new places when we are out in town.
My issue is this establishment participates in Groupon, but when you go there to use it, there are all kinds of restrictions.  
You cannot sit at the bar - really - why not?  Money is money!
You cannot order certain things off the menu?  Why not, if the chicken dish costs $29 and the beef dish is $29 what is the difference?
I think if a restaurant is going to impose restrictions on a gift card, gift certificate, Groupon or other item it should be written on the certificate and be a part of the sales information on Groupon.  Maybe knowing that I would not spend $100 per person by the time you order drinks, an appetizer, salad, entree and a dessert.  
I was a Chef in a restaurant for many years and feel no matter who the customer is you should treat them the best you can - - you never know who your next regular customer may be, who is writing a column for a local paper, or who is looking to buy a $500 bottle of wine!  But, here, once we told the waiter we had a Groupon it is as if they did not care that we were even there.  So, as a result we did not order a nice bottle of wine, we did not order a dessert, and we did not order an appetizer.  So, I cannot tell you how these things "would have been" in this review.
My husband ordered the grilled rack of lamb chops.  He said they were "good" but not excellent for $35.00.  They must not have been New Zealand lamp chops because they had a bit of a strong flavor to them which overpowered the flavor.
I ordered the Cornish Game Hen at $22.00 which was nice, but again, nothing extraordinary.  There was not any depth to the sauce.  
The restaurant is a bit dark, it is in an out of the way shopping mall, but parking is free.
My review concerns are based on the price of the entrees compared to what you receive (portion), flavor, texture and presentation.  
We would not return based on our overall experience.
