K64Uw3a2Enh2MznpwRHWKQ Well my family and I went to this restaurant because of a living social deal that we purchased and because we love French fusion cuisine! When we arrived the restaurant was surprisingly quant and cozy, yet very lively. Our server at first was extremely on point, knowledgable about the food and friendly. 
At first we ordered and appetizer that was one of the specials, crab stuffed shrimp with a mascarpone sauce and a guava glaze. The appetizer we got was beyond incredible and kind of set high expectations for the future courses. 
When I saw duck on the menu I got very excited because I love duck, however this one wasn't as tender and juicy as it normally is and was unfortunately quite fatty. The side was some kind of brown grain that was bland and did not pair well with the duck, but the lingonberry sauce on the duck was perfect. My sister and mom ordered the beef Wellington, a family favorite, and unfortunately it tasted like straight pepper and was hard to eat due to the pure spiciness that we were not warned of. However, our waiter brought them some kind of cream sauce and it toned it down perfectly. 
Once we were finished eating we sat with our empty plates in front of us for about 10 minutes, which is strange for restaurant service but we didn't think much of it. Once they were finally cleared by bussers we asked one of them If we could see a dessert menu because our waiter was no where to be found. After receiving the dessert menu we waited about 10-15 more minutes to have our order taken, we ended up grabbing one of the other waiters and asked if we could have our order taken.
For dessert we got 2 tortes and they tasted good but when you went in for a fork full it would crumble, which usually happens if something was stored in a freezer, as well as they were quite dry, so that was disappointing but overall the taste wasn't bad.
Overall the ambiance is so fun and inviting and the menu was a hit or miss, I would go back again, but only because of the amazing appetizer and setting.
