KalAJyO0Zpg3K1wVwYXBHA I have spent the last 14 years in the Las Vegas restaurant industry and have been to countless restaurants on the Strip, Downtown, in Summerlin, Henderson and Boulder City. I love fine dining but don't consider myself a 'foodie' or food snob ... it's just something that I enjoy. I have heard from a coworker as well as a couple of customers about how awesome this place is. Among the accolades were the food, the incredible wine selection in the on-site wine store and that it feels like you've actually left town when you dine there. 
Last week, I finally took the time to make the trip and found it peacefully tucked away in an adorable little Summerlin community. Upon parking and approaching the building, I immediately thought that I might be in the wrong place. It is in a strip plaza and from the outside, does not appear to be a restaurant and seems too small to accommodate many diners. The front doors slid open and we were very warmly welcomed by a hostess who asked us if we were dining with them this evening. We stated that we were indeed and offered our last name for the reservation, I in turn asked for her name. She smiled and introduced herself as Tracy. She was aware that it was our initial visit to the establishment (we booked through Open Table which relays that we were first time diners) and explained how things work. You can either enjoy wine by the glass, which allows the opportunity for variety or you can choose bottles from the store and take them to your table to be served to you before, during and after your meal. If the latter is your choice, there is a $10 corking fee per bottle which is extremely reasonable. She then asked if we would like some time to peruse the store or if we preferred to be seated first. Since I had heard so much about the ambiance, I was eager to see the terrace and opted to be seated directly. She promptly collected menus and asked if we preferred to dine inside or outside to which I almost too eagerly responded "Definitely outside please". She smiled and guided us through the store, pointed out a quaint cozy indoor dining room to the right and stated that if we were too hot or became uncomfortable for any reason outside, we could transfer indoors ... and finally out onto the terrace. As we walked through the door, I felt like I had stepped into a different world. The terrace is breathtaking! She showed us to a table overlooking the lake through open wall sized glass windows. My husband and I exchanged very pleased smiles. She informed us that Marty would be our waiter and would be right with us. [When we were enjoying our meal, she sat another couple near us and stopped by to check on us. I was very impressed by this as hostesses rarely interact with guests except upon arrival and departure. Nice touch!]
Marty appeared almost instantly and offered our water selections, went over the soup du jour as well as the dinner specials. He is warm, personable, jovial, attentive and informative. We enjoyed his service very much. We each ordered a glass of wine while reviewing the menu. Once we had ordered our appetizer, we went inside to look over the bottle selection. The prices are very reasonable and the selection is quite impressive. We made our selection and returned to our table. Marty saw us return, smiled and came directly to our table to serve us our wine. We couldn't have been more pleased with the entire experience thus far. We began with a delightful cheese plate. My husband had the braised beef which was incredibly tender and perfectly flavorful. I ordered the fish du jour which was a wonderfully delicious snapper dish. For dessert my husband ordered the crème brulee and I ordered the tiramisu. Both were divine. 
We stayed and selected a second bottle of wine while enjoying the live entertainment which we were told is provided on Wednesday and weekend evenings. The performer was a gentleman with a guitar who did a great job performing cover songs of easy listening music. Very enjoyable performance.
When visiting restaurants, I always ask to speak to management prior to departing. I feel that every customer's input is important to the establishment and recommend that everyone do the same. A charming man with a lovely accent (Spanish?) quickly approached us and introduced himself as Angelo. I told him it was our first time there and wanted to share what a wonderful experience we had. He seemed genuinely grateful for my compliments and thanked us for coming.
Everything that I had been told is absolutely true. The food is amazing, the wine store is awesome, the staff and service is fabulous and the view and ambiance are incredible! My husband and I dined in the evening and were lucky enough to watch the sunset over the lake which was beautiful!  If it were possible, I would give this place 10 stars! We will definitely be back!
