KalAJyO0Zpg3K1wVwYXBHA Went there last night for the first time. After a few bumps on the road we made a reservation at 8:30PM for the 2 pf us, of course, requesting patio seating. Called at 7:30 PM to confirm the reservation and Jen (the hostess) said everything was OK, they had our reservation in the system. Well, we get there and the hostess says "oh, did you make the reservation online? We haven't been getting them and unfortunatelly, we are fully booked for the evening". Now, normally, if that was the case, they should still acomodate it since a reservation was made ahead of time and it is not my fault opentable is not communicating with them. Thankfully, when I mentioned reservation was confirmed with jen (I assume that was her) she looked at her computer and said "oh, there you are". Hmmm, a little suspicious, but we were told it will be a couple min before we are seated. We were ok with that, since we wanted to browse the wine selection. She came and checked in on us several times, letting us know our table is almost ready. We approched someone (I assume he was a manager, since he did not wear uniform, but had a nametag) and asked for wine recommendations. He was very helpfull and recommended a great vintage bottle of Pinot Noir which we both loved! Also,he was the one to walk us to our table. it was not right on the water, but all tables we fully commited and we didnt mind it. We never got a menu and had to ask for one, which was OK since we assumed it was because we were walked to our table not by the hostess who normally handes out menus. We asked for one and got it very fast. 
We odrered the steak tartare for appetizer and it was anazing! My husband had the King salmon and I had the steak frites coked exactly as I requested. We alse shared the bread pudding (per the recommendation of our waiter). The total bill was $130 before tip, so about $150 including everything. 
The service was above average, since the waited didnt introduce himself, but he did check on us regurarly.
Overall, this is one of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas and that's a lot coming from a local. So, if you are reading this review and thinking about going, just do it! Focus on the food and ambiance and enjoy!
Oh, and definetelly get a bottle of wine :)
