KalAJyO0Zpg3K1wVwYXBHA Horrible experience here today. We came here only to use a Groupon that had expired (under Groupon's terms, the amount you paid for the Groupon never expires, so we should have been able to apply the $69 I originally spent on it towards a purchase). The Groupon was originally for brunch, but when I called, the hostess told me I could only apply it towards their currently offered Groupon, which is a lunch. Odd, but fine, we were excited about checking it out, so we made reservations. We show up, and I explain the situation to our waiter, who brought my husband and I the limited Groupon menu (our friend ordered off the regular menu). With the Groupon, my husband and I were supposed to choose an appetizer or dessert, entree, and house glass of wine. So, this is what we did, and our friend and daughter had items from the regular menu. 
It comes time to pay the bill, and our waiter says we need to wait for the manager, who is en route, as the owner will not deal with it. So, we sit around an extra 15 minutes waiting for this person (not an easy feat with a 1 1/2 year-old). He arrives, and tells us we cannot use the Groupon today-the owner is refusing, saying that the original Groupon was for brunch, so it has to be used for brunch. I explain that the hostess told us the exact opposite when we spoke on the phone, and then upon arrival it was explained to us again by the staff that we had to order off the abbreviated menu in order to be able to use any of the value on our Groupon. I took our daughter outside, and our friend finally just asked for the entire bill. He basically had to yell at the owner to get him to finally apply the original $69 to our bill-and we still got screwed over. Once home, we compared the grouped prices they'd charged us for the "deal" that they gave us (bundling the wine, entree, and appetizer together) against the cost of each item individually, and somehow the prices on our bill were more expensive than if we'd just bought everything separately anyways. I've never been to a restaurant where the owner cared less about pleasing his customers.
As if poor customer service was not reason enough to never come back here, the food was very mediocre-the bread for the sandwiches looked and tasted like something you'd find in a cheap cafeteria. In the retail wine section, we saw bottles of wine that were marked up to over twice the price we've seen in other stores. I love supporting local businesses, but not one like this. It's clear this place had its heyday as a Vegas staple years ago, and is on its way out.
