KalAJyO0Zpg3K1wVwYXBHA If/When I make it back to the magical Summerlin suburb, we will definitely be back to this little gem!

First of all, if you can find it through the maze of neighborhoods and suburb distractions, the Marche Bacchus is nestled in some corporate retail plaza and boasts the most amazing patio....EVER!  This patio is completely all weather....and on this particular night, it was a little chilly, but you never would have known it.  We were seated by the fire, and almost roasting in our seats. But they were happy to turn it down for us when we asked.  Which brings me to the service:

                                                          AWESOME!

Joe was super nice and to the Beau's surprise, a beer connoisseur.  I swear, I saw his face light up when the Beau asked him what beers they had available.  Joe recommended an amazing beer that he just loved, and now we have to find here in MPLS.  But otherwise, he was excellent, attentive and talkative.  The only downside, I would say, would be that when I ordered a couple of reserve wines, he didn't ask me what size.  I thought one was the glass, and the other was the bottle, so I was thinking that what I ordered was the glass size.  What I got was the most expensive glass of wine....ever.  That kind of stunk, but they were super good wines.

The Beau ordered Steak Frites and I had the Warm Spinach Salad appetizer with the Sea Scallop appetizer for dinner.  I have no idea how to make Chorizo vinaigrette, but I was blown away by this salad.  And the scallops were amazing.  The beau loved his dinner too and  I was lucky he was willing to share.  Their fries were delicious and the steak was perfectly done.  

Their wine store is awesome, although we didn't really look at much.  I hear you can purchase your wine and drink it with dinner - which is completely awesome.  And according to Joe, you can catch the owner on an episode of Pawn Stars!  He was the expert brought in to identify an original bottle of Dom Champagne.  

This is definitely a place I would recommend to anyone who wants something completely off the strip, quiet, casual, but also sophisticated and intimate.  The Beau and I had an amazing time and agreed, this was the highlight of our trip.

Great atmosphere combined with great food and EXCELLENT service, this was definitely our favorite.  Thanks to all the local Las Vegas Yelpers that clued us in.

Oh....and it is true about the bread pudding. It is a MUST when you go.
