KalAJyO0Zpg3K1wVwYXBHA Marché Bacchus is an awesome restaurant from top to bottom. The atmosphere, the wine, the food & the experience all play into making it one of my all time favorites.The location is off-strip, located in Summerlin, positioned lake-side within a neighborhood. This gives a great ambiance, allowing you to disassociate from the city-life/fast pace of Vegas and really hone into having a relaxing evening with great food, wine & company. The wine store turns into a beautiful dining room, making it truly a unique experience to dine here. You have the option to pick out wine prior to seating, get up during your meal to pick-out more, and also purchase wine to go. 

We dine here frequently off their a la carte menu, but especially love when they host events or wine dinners. Bastille Day was one of our favorite events, but most recently we dined here for the Freemark Abbey Wine Dinner on Thursday Jan 19th, 2017. The restaurant does wine dinners about once a month, really highlighting a specific winery & setting up a tasting menu to really highlight the wine, and showcase the level of cuisine at Marché Bacchus. This wine dinner was especially interesting because the restaurant is celebrating bringing in a new executive chef Tom Moloney. 

The pairing was six unique glasses with four delicious courses:

1.) appetizer: Butter poached Maine lobster w/ heirloom tomatoes, popcorn shoots, sweet onion, red radish in a lobster sauce
2.) second course: Roasted Stuffed Quail w/ Foie Gras + exotic wild mushrooms 
3.) third/main course: 28 day dry-aged Ribeye w/ marble potatoes, mushrooms in a cab sauv. reduction
4.) fourth course: Artisan cheese plate


Overall the meal, and pairing was absolutely fantastic. The Butter poached Maine lobster was an excellent portion of fresh lobster, really delicious and representing a umami in flavor. 

The second course though, was my absolute favorite. I have never had the pleasure of eating quail before (first experience) and it was absolutely phenomenal. I loved the sizing of the bird & smallness of the bones within the wing. The cook was delicious, roasted to perfection and evenly stuffed with wild mushrooms & foie gras.

I was worried that because I enjoyed the quail so much the steak would lack in luster. I was VERY incorrect. The steak was perfectly cut and cooked, oozing with flavor and really diverse from the previous course/pairing. I absolutely loved the Cabernet Sauvignon reduction, and had only wished the potato portion had been more, or prepared as pommes puree to soak up the reduction & delicious flavoring.

The artisan cheese plate followed, consisting of a selection soft & mild cheeses. I prefer more obtuse bodied and aged cheeses, making this not my favorite of cheese selections. I loved, LOVED the idea of having cheese over a sweet desert, and adored the pickled peppers/onions so much I stole my boyfriends though!

We ended the meal with cappuccinos & an additional tasting of 1984 Freemark Abbey in the wine shop. Everyone seemed to enjoy themselves immensely, and conversation carried late into the evening. The owners Tom & Rhonda really know how to throw an awesome event, and run an outstanding food & beverage establishment. Can't wait till our next meal, and especially till the next wine dinner!
