KalAJyO0Zpg3K1wVwYXBHA This place makes you forget you're in Vegas. I came here last Friday to celebrate a job achievement with my parents and lil one. The first thing that sold me was the fact that they offered escargot. It's weird and odd, but escargot brings back some happy childhood memories with the family and its only tied to celebrations so I thought it was very fitting for the occasion. Secondly, this place is less than 5 mins away from home so it was super convenient. It's secluded from the strip and from anyone who does't live in Desert Breeze. I only came upon it because I searched restaurants with escargot. This is one of the few who serve it in Vegas.

Reservations were not hard to make on such short notice and when we were seated the restaurant was pretty empty. Mind you it was only 6pm on a hot Vegas summer day. So, we arrive and the hostess/maybe bartender was not in rush to seat us but more keen on serving her bar guests first. She also used a measuring cup to measure out her wine? Uhm, in all the food establishments I've worked at and I've worked at a few fine dining places and a bunch of casual dining establishments, I've never seen anyone do this and in fact they would be scolded for doing this especially in plain sight of guests. So when she finally escorts us to our seats on the patio (always ask for the patio because the view is what sets the mood and the inside is just blah in my opinion) we get to enjoy the view of the little man made lake and enjoy the many misters they have going. It didn't feel hot at all.

Service. The server introduced himself and informed us that he is working with another team member which I always liked the idea of teams, that way nothing is missed. We get our drinks first then order 2 orders of their escargot. It was so delicious and worth the calories I gained. Being able to dip their warm, soft bread into their butter sauce...yum. Our server knew what she was doing when she left that last tray on our table and brought us more bread...sneaky server but I thank your for it. haha.

My dad got the Chilean Sea Bass - chef fish special, my mom ordered the Honey-spiced Duck, I got the Australian Wagyu (Hey, I'm a carnivore) and my daughter wanted the kids pasta in butter sauce. All the dishes were good and savory. Sea bass resembled a fried block of butter which was kind of intriguing. It was delicious but the presentation of it was just...different. The duck was very succulent and a bit tough so maybe next time my mom should order it med well rather than med. I had the wagyu and frites. Ok, the wagyu was juicy and yummy but THE FRITES is what I couldn't stop devouring. I was actually sad that some of them had been soaked by the steaks juices. For anyone who's grown up in Oahu, Hawaii and in the Kalihi district, they'll know why I have to make a big deal about these frites/french fries. Up until December 14, 2002 at 4 pm.this establishment served THE BEST teri burgers, ice cream slushies and FRENCH FRIES for 42 years!!!! So the fries/frites that were served with my steak were the exact same fries from my hometown. They're got that extra crispy texture to them that make them so good and crunchy that you cannot stop munching on them. In fact I forgot about my steak and demolished what little fries I had on my plate first. My poor steak was neglected till the next day when I had it as leftovers. The kids pasta was ok, nothing to spectacular but it is what it is.

Desserts...oh my god, I really don't know how we all managed to fit desserts into our bellies after all that food but we did. We order the trio of gelato, creme brulee and their chocolate lava cake. All were scrumptious and overly filling. 

Servers were very attentive except for the water? I had to ask to fill our water up and that's all we were drinking...but they were nice and like I said attentive. Dishes were brought out in a timely matter and the presented very well. Oh and they also had a lady singing on the patio that night so that made the experience more enjoyable.
