kcF-en40P3J9L8nLy5lKqQ This was our first time here. We had a gift card so we made it a date night.

The place is cool, right off of Camelback. Nice outdoor seating and very modern. CLEAN - which is nice. The bathrooms are clean and cool since you walk through their wine cooler or cellar thing - lots to see so that was cool. They have a big dining area as well as a cool bar area where we sat. 

I forget our guys name but he was nice and didn't seem like he was trying too hard which I always appreciate. We arrived during happy hour and got a couple of glasses of wine and the french fries...they are called frites on the menu and they come with prosciutto, Parmesan and truffle oil on top. You may think they are just fries but they are really good and an awesome menu for the happy hour menu. The small plates are all $5 which rocks and whats even cooler is the happy our wine list...you get to choose from a few different lists that range from $5-$10 cheap to expensive (they are pretty expensive on the regular list so thats a great deal!).

We also had the grilled artichokes as our app. We loved them - perfectly cooked, not overwhelming in the smokiness and the sauce was nice and simple (considering we usually just use mayo -any sauce is cool for us).

I will have to go back and get the orange duck - I was really hard pressed between that and the shrimp big plate. I went with the shrimp which was awesome. Pictures to follow. If you are squeamish, buyer beware -you have to shell one big shrimp. I was no afraid since I am an east coast girl and grew up with lobsters. The risotto was my favorite because the flavor was great and there were even more shrimp tucked in there! I couldn't believe I got 3 large shrimp, 1 massive and then at least 30 pieces in my rice as well. Awesome!!!

Boyfriend got the pork loin which was great too. Definitely suggest that. I think we played it safe a bit so I want to go back and get more and we definitely will soon.

OH! FYI - when they say "big plate" on the menu....they mean BIG PLATE - totally worth the money.
