kcF-en40P3J9L8nLy5lKqQ I was jonesing for a late night glass of wine and some food so I popped in here for reverse Happy Hour. I like what they've done with the place. The bar area reminds me just a little of Side Bar but with more seating and open bay windows that let the nice (and soon to be a distant memory) cool evening breeze in. They were playing pretty good mellow tunes so well done on the atmosphere.

Their Happy Hour menu has a nice offering of flat breads (I had the mushroom which was pretty tasty), wings and other snacks. I also had the Prosciutto Wrapped Truffle Fries which I expected to be stellar.....not so much. Not bad but those of you who have been to Rome and spent three minutes staring at the ceiling of The Sistine Chapel know what I'm talking about!

I was impressed by their drink menu, particularly their wine offerings which have a "Good, Better, Best" offering which are all priced accordingly. I was very happy with their "Best" Pinot Noir. Their beer taps have a good variety. The guy tending bar was enthusiastic and took care of me. 

What put a bit of a damper on my evening is that I had the misfortune of sitting next to (for those of you who have seen "Fast Times at Ridgemont High")52-year-old, worked-his-way-up-to-head-waiter Brad Hamilton. This guy was loud and talked and talked to his industry colleague, sharing his wealth of knowledge on the service industry, careful to constantly boast his credentials. I wanted to turn to the guy and say "Arnold, you want to work at All-American Burger" So this guy utterly killed the cool vibe that I was trying to absorb, so much so that I chose not to linger for another glass of the awesome pinot noir. Not the restaurants fault by geeze.

So Brad notwithstanding, I like this place. I'm pretty much bound to enjoy any place where I can have a good glass of wine late at night at a reasonable price. I'm not really a brunch guy but this place screams brunch to me for some reason. Their regular menu looks good too so I'll be back to check it out again.
