kcF-en40P3J9L8nLy5lKqQ Food: 2 stars
Service: 3 stars
Decor: 5 stars

Came here for Restaurant Week.  I made a reservation online, which was a simple and easy process.  Our table was waiting for us when we arrived, so we were very happy!

They served a nice fluffy bread with olive oil to start.  I thought the bread was delicious.  However... the food started to go downhill from there.  The orchard salad was my starter and it was nice and crispy with a light dressing, with lots of interesting things thrown in there for taste and texture like raisins (or were they cranberries?), nuts, brussel sprouts, etc.

My entree came out next which was sea scallops and risotto.  The quality of the scallops was A+.  They were large and soft, not chewy.  Unfortunately, the brininess of the sea scallops, when combined with the additional salt in the dish was overwhelmingly salty... in a very bad way.  I kept eating my scallops and trying to force them down bc I had paid for them, but after the first few bites I really wasn't enjoying it.  I never like risotto, and I knew that when I ordered the dish I wouldn't like the risotto but I really did want the sea scallops, so I won't comment on the taste of the risotto.  I left almost all my risotto untouched.

The dessert was peach cobbler.  They really should have called it a peach "crumble" bc there wasn't the typical soft cobbler crust that you would expect (and want!).  This dessert was a disappointment and I literally ate one bite and didn't feel like eating anymore.  Besides the lack of a yummy crust, the peaches were flavored with some kind of herb (maybe rosemary) that I didn't enjoy.

So yeah... I basically only enjoyed the salad and choked down the scallops and didn't eat about half my meal.... I don't like to be one of those people that sends food back, but I would have hoped that our waiter, when seeing that my plates (and others' plates too) were being cleared with a MAJORITY of the food still on them, that the waiter would have done something to make sure we got food we enjoyed.

On the plus side, since some people at our table were first time patrons, they brought us complimentary chocolate chip cookies, which were fabulous! along with vanilla milk.  A really nice touch!
