kGOr_D-LNpgZ2M9N8TT4QQ This has been one of the worst restaurant experience for me! Definitely not a place anyone should even bother considering to go to. We've planned to celebrate a friend's birthday at this particular restaurant because of the pictures we saw of it on its website. When I made the reservation 1 day in advance by calling them over the phone - specifically asking for a circular booth table for a party of three, the representing staff of this restaurant said "Sure, that's not a problem."  So when we arrived at the restaurant yesterday night and told the hostess about our reservation, she said because they have other larger parties, all the booths were given out to them and we can only be seated at a regular table! I then explained to her that we specially asked for a booth table when we made our reservation, she then stated that it is their restaurant's policy that - "these sort of seating request are just request and they are not guaranteed. And since there are larger parties than you guys, we have to accommodate them." I find this totally ridiculous as the person who took our reservation said "Sure, that's not a problem" when we called 1 day in advance! The hostess then continued to say to us they only have regular tables and we can wait for a booth table to be freed up later. So basically, the impression she gave us was that given that we are only a party of 3, they don't give a damn about us and take whatever seats we have now or you can leave. I find it totally unprofessional of La Societe to treat their customers with such little respect. First of all, the person who took our reservation DID not tell us that our request was only a request and that we would not be given a booth seat if they have other "more important" customers! And second, they could have simply called us to let us know we wouldn't get a booth table when their "more precious" customers walked in that evening. Then, we wouldn't even bother making a trip to the restaurant! When i talked to another staff at the restaurant about this incident, his response was like "there's nothing we can do" and he tried to bring up how it's the restaurant's policy that they cannot guarantee a booth table for us even if we request it! But seriously, why would I know about YOUR Restaurant's policy when the staff who took our reservation made it sound like we were guaranteed a booth table?? It's just completely irresponsible and disrespectful for the way they have treated us! Because of their disrespectful arrangement, our night was ruined. We walked out of the restaurant because we find that the way they have handled the situation was completely unacceptable. NO apologies was given and their attitude was not pleasant either. With the way they treat their customers, don't even bother thinking of going! If I were to spend a coupe hundred of dollars on a meal, I expect the restaurant to at least treat us with respect and delivering on giving a booth seat that we have specifically asked for and agreed to for it! If ZERO stars was an option, I would have chose that no doubt! NO matter how good your food is, the basic requirement for a restaurant is to treat your customers with respect. This establishment definitely doesn't know how or at least, doesn't care to.  There are plenty of nice restaurants in the Yorkville area and I definitely would recommend any other places out there other than La Societe!
