kGOr_D-LNpgZ2M9N8TT4QQ Writing a super belated review for Winterlicious 2015. I came here for dinner, and it was my first time at the restaurant. I ordered oysters, the pan seared black cod, and Grand Marnier creme brulee, but also tried a bit of the braised short rib and French chocolate cake.

A quick summary from what I remember:

Oysters - nothing too special, just your typical oysters, but they tasted fresh.

Pan seared black cod (with chives and lemon crushed potatoes, purple kale, potato wafer, braised leek) - I remember REALLY liking this and being glad that I picked this over the short rib which I was debating between. The fish was very soft and flavourful, and the skin on the cod was slightly crispy, just perfect. I also really like kale so I remember enjoying that component to my dish as well.

Grand Marnier creme brulee - I enjoyed this as well, although I didn't really taste much creme brulee. I remember tasting a hint of a citrus undertone to it which was thought was unique and interesting, in a good way. Perhaps they were just placed too close to the lemon meringue tarts. Either way, this got a thumbs up from me, although the lack of Grand Marnier flavour might disappoint some.

Braised short rib - The rib was cooked well and was very soft and delicious, and fell right off the bone. It was good, but I didn't think there was anything innovative that stood out about it. Also both my date and I noted that the portion seemed a bit small.

French chocolate cake - I'm not a huge chocolate cake fan, so I can't say much about it. Chocolate fans would probably enjoy it though, it was very rich and chocolate-y, and not too sweet.

Staff were friendly and service was fine. For some reason I'm not a big fan of the stained glass ceiling - it does weird things to the lighting and is distracting and I find it to be just the tiniest bit gaudy. But that's just me. Overall it's a nice restaurant, I'm glad I had a chance to try this place, and I did enjoy my experience here.
