kGOr_D-LNpgZ2M9N8TT4QQ La Société opened with much anticipation in 2012 due to the 7 figure construction cost and its prime location on Bloor Street, downtown Toronto. It is a beautiful restaurant, the detail in the tiling and stained glass everywhere is perfection. Popular for their oysters and brunch, it is a pretty consistent and convenient place. Since I live walking distance from said restaurant I have been a handful of times and have my go-tos on the menu. Some items have maintained their quality while others sadly have not.

My achilles heal is macaroni and cheese. If it is on a menu, I have to get it. I have been in love with macaroni and cheese since I was introduced to it as a toddler. It was the first dish I ever learnt to cook as a child. I'm pretty sure once I was tall enough to reach the stovetop I was making good old Kraft dinner. It doesn't get much more unhealthy than mac n' cheese, so when indulging, it better be worth it. The first couple times I had the mac n' cheese here I thought it could possibly be the best in the city. Sadly no more. The kitchen has started to pre make and freeze this dish and bake it to order. The last time I ordered it, it was hot the first couple bites and freezing in the middle. I had to send it back twice to get reheated and it was still cold in the middle. I felt sorry for the waiter and it was actually funny how cold it still was after being sent back twice. As for the few warm bites I did manage to catch I could tell they were taking shortcuts with the recipe as well. They have added so much flour in the recipe to thicken it I could actually taste it... je suis désolée.

Tuna tartare is another dish I almost always order when I see it. The tuna tartare here is unique. While most tuna tartars are prepared with avocado in a soy, sesame and wasabi marinade this one has apple, coriander and pinenuts. It is delicious and the portion is generous enough to share as an appetizer.

The bite of my boyfriends burger I had here was excellent, and it should be at $18. It served with a generous, delicious, salty portion of frites. The menu indicates the burger is 8 oz but it seemed more like 6 oz to me. It was well cooked and has lots of flavour and most importantly it was juicy.

Overall, if you live in the area it is worth a visit, otherwise, you can find just as good or better food in your own neighbourhood.
