kIW8IeTV3W1tS_q_WAU4wQ This was the worst service experience I have had in my entire life. Stopped in mid afternoon on a hot summer day with my wife. We were hoping for a drink and a small snack. Before we were seated the manager informed us that they were only serving the tapas menu, which was fine, and we expressed our desire to order food. There was one other table occupied inside the restaurant and we had the patio to ourselves. Apparently our waiter had to cut his smoke break short to attend to us. He came and took cocktail orders and said he would give us more time with the tapas menu. At no time on this 30+ Celsius day were we offered or brought water. When our drinks arrived the waiter placed them on the table, turned around and disappeared back inside immediately and without a word. We assumed someone would return, but were ignored on the patio. We sipped our drinks and eventually finished them. After several more minutes of waiting my wife went inside to tell them we were leaving. The manager offered to send the bill out. The waiter brought it out with a charge for French Fries that we didn't order. He told us it was Quebec law that their liquor licence required a food order. We told him we intended to order food, but didn't have the opportunity as he never asked us. We also told him we had no intention of paying for food we didn't order. He told us we could wait for the fries or not, but we had to pay for them. He lied and said he asked twice if we wanted to order food. When we refused again to pay for what we had not ordered he told us we could pay or just be thieves. We asked to see a manager. When the manager arrived the waiter continued to lie and say that he had asked twice if we wanted to order food. When we told the manager that this wasn't true he grabbed the bill, crumpled it and told us to "f$!& off". The manager was extremely apologetic and very nice. He comped our full bill. However, I cannot recommend strongly enough to not go anywhere near this place unless you appreciate comically rude and terrible service. It was like something out of a contrived Food Network show.
