kIW8IeTV3W1tS_q_WAU4wQ I came to Montreal with my Fiance and asked the concierge at the W for a good restaurant nearby. He offered some suggestions and I asked him "what's one of the best on Yelp nearby?" He knew right away about Yelp and went on the page scrolling down for me to see. He suggested Le Local since the Pied de Cochon was booked solid and he mentioned Chef Charles-Emmanuel Pariseau is a notable Montreal Chef so it sounded perfect to me.

  We enjoyed a nice 5 block walk and found Le Local in a quiet brick building covered in beautiful Ivy.  The pretty hostesses greeted us and were ready to seat us. 

There was the bar straight ahead as you walk in and cosy sofas in the open room on the right with Black and White film playing on the brick wall.  I loved the chandeliers in the restaurant they were Modern Light- Bulb industrial ones.

   We sat at a wooden table for two near the Black Velvet Curtain that separated the dining room from the Bar/Lounge area.  In Front of me was the open kitchen where I can watch the chefs rush around creating the masterpieces.

The whole place was buzzing with happy friends, romantic couples and dim  lighting. 

The waiter came by and welcomed us, he seemed very busy and was short with us. 

 The Food Runner was attentive and kept our glasses filled with water, and offered a selection of nice breads offered in a bread basket.
 
 We decided to share the app Warm cumin-orange goat cheese, grilled Naan, tomatoes and Lebanese cucumber, mint pesto, smoked almonds and Baba ganoush(12). The waiter suggested that it was small and we should order two, but we enjoyed it regardless and savored every bite. The presentation was beautiful, it was displayed on an artists Palate.  I can really taste the orange zest and the Grilled Naan was just chewy, crispy outside and just delicious appetizer.

 My  Fiance ordered the Roasted grain fed chicken, potato rösti, spinach, mushroom sauce, grilled corn & pop corn (27). He's ordered Roasted Grain fed Chicken before but this portion was waay smaller. It was very good and what sold us on the dish was how they use popcorn! It was a very cool concept and the popcorn married the dish perfectly.
 
I ordered the grilled "AAA" Flank steak, spiced BBQ butter, fries and salad (27). Wow it was a huge cut of Steak and I never saw flank steak this thick! Yes I gave a portion of my steak to my hungry man and he enjoyed it very much. The Homemade fries were browned and crispy  just how I like them, and the mixed baby greens had a good vinaigrette good portion and accompanied the dish very well.
  
We had a Romantic anniversary Dinner here,  why I gave it 4 stars is the waiter's chaotic vibe and the portion size was very small for the price.

 **See Photos**
