kIW8IeTV3W1tS_q_WAU4wQ On a weekend getaway from the city, I went to Montreal to visit James, along with my parents who were also visiting (who happened to stay in the same hotel, on the same floor, a happy turn of events). My parents usually pick the restaurant in the chosen destination BEFORE they even book flights or get a hotel, so the fact that they decided to drive up to Montreal before picking the restaurant meant only thing: serious google mode to find the best restaurants in the area.

Some background info on my parents: come to one of our family meals and at breakfast, it's "what do you want for lunch... tomorrow?"; and at lunch, it's "so do you want an heirloom tomato salad or farmer's market corn for dinner?'; and at supper, my mom asks, "would you like lemon ricotta or blueberry pancakes for breakfast?" They love to eat. End of story. 

All that google research paid off. They found Le local and booked us dinner on Saturday night. We gobbled up solid great food that didn't take itself so easily. If there's a category of unsnobby casual food, Le Local would be on the list. For instance, my dad ordered the "dirty bombay sapphire martini" salmon tartar and out comes boozy marinated-salmon with two green olives on a toothpick stuck right in the center. It made me smile. Three perfectly puffy buckwheat blinis with salmon roe reigned in the silly factor with just the right amount of panache.

Likewise, my mom ordered grilled organic salmon for her main course, complete with an array of garnishes, including a not-kidding-you, a whole head of Romaine lettuce split down the middle with a Caesar dressing and croutons. It was ridiculously impossible to eat of course without a second plate, but it gave me pause for thought: this place gives French-driven food a good rap. It's not fussy or over thought, but it still delivers on flavor. 

My menu options were equally delicious. Having never given vegetarianism a day's thought, I ordered two hits: the Canadian beef carpaccio (with truffled, salted herb tapenade, peppery arugula) followed by milk-fed calf liver with a whole grain mustard mashed potatoes and crisp haricot verts. My food was nicely seasoned, hot, and cooked well (although I might prefer medium rare liver next time). As for James, he was quite happy with his choices and pleasantly surprised with his baby rack of lamb.

All in all, excellent meal. Good friendly service, not too loud, comfortable open kitchen seating, worth visiting Le Local even if you are one... a local that is.
