kKC7UTcHZM3zLfT97x3msg For a few weeks now, I'd been passing this gorgeous, little restaurant on College street on my way home from work, vowing to go in and check it out at my first opportunity. Just reading the menu posted outside the beautiful, yellow exterior made my mouth water! 
Upon our arrival at Frank's Kitchen, we were warmly greeted by one of the staff. He was genuinely happy to see us, and even offered to take my coat. I was struck by the beautiful interior - gorgeous wood floors and bar, lovely seating arrangements. My bf and I were seated, and given a little story on the place. We found out  that Frank, the chef makes all the food from scratch, including all the breads and pastas. Instead of the usual tap water, or sparkling, we were given water flavoured with cucumber, which I just loved! I like to have a fair bit of water (and wine!) with my meal, and this was a luxurious twist on the usual. 
The menu was a perfect array of appetizers, pastas and mains. Our server was very helpful in his explanations of the menu items, not that the descriptions were too complicated, just that the story behind the food, from the fresh caught fish, to the meat from St. Jacob's added to the experience, My bf and I were having such a good time and we hadn't even ordered yet. 
So on to the meal. I ordered a tomato and buffalo mozzarella salad to start, and the bf had an arugula salad. Before these arrived, a basket of bread came to the table with a couple of tapenades. This bread was HEAVENLY! Really, unlike anything I've"ve ever had. The salad was gorgeous and fresh, and not a single leaf went uneaten. The tomato and mozzarella salad was perfect. It's nearly impossible to find a decent raw tomato dish in this city, and here it was on the plate. There was just enough dressing, basil oil, to dip the incredible bread into. 
As he refilled our water glasses, the server was attentive without hovering. He was also able to help us choose our wine, which really made the meal. The wine menu was a carefully crafted selection of wines, with something for everyone. 
We were both so surprised when an amuse bouche came to the table, which was an elegant avocado gazpacho. There was a lot of flavour going on in that little thing. 
We continued on to our main courses. My bf, a pork lover, ordered a pork dish which was pork cooked three different ways. What a succulent dish! I ordered fish, the catch of the day, that was cooked to perfection. Thanks to our server, our wine selections complimented the dishes exquisitely. 
At this point we were in for the whole nine yards, and so ordered a dessert of pear strudel. It was delicate and flavourful, and something you don't see in other restaurants. 
The food is the best I've eaten in a very, very long time. The attention that Frank puts his dishes can be tasted in every bite.  I wished I had brought my camera because every food item that arrived at our table was beautiful to look at, as well as eat. 
The service was genuine, friendly and knowledgeable. And here's something else, the table setting was perfect, and CLEAN! I can't count the number of restaurants, high and low end, where they don't bother to polish the cutlery. 
I am recommending Frank's Kitchen as the best. It was a wonderful eating experience and I will go back again, and again.
