kKC7UTcHZM3zLfT97x3msg So this review is a little late, given that we dined here in December. Hopefully things have improved since or we caught them on an off-night, who knows.
To start off with, I really wanted to like this place and I had bookmarked it early on when I first heard about it so was very excited to finally try it.
Overall, the food was admittedly good but the service is the reason I had to deduct a few stars and why I won't be returning for a second visit.
The dinner started off promising as the complimentary breads and dip were delicious.
Our server however could not have seemed more uninterested in us, beginning with our questions, whether it be for recommendations or to describe dishes if we were trying to decide between them, answering us all seemed like an inconvenience to him. Requests for any changes to a dishes to omit an ingredient was 'impossible, absolutely not, just choose another dish then' - a simple polite 'no, i'm sorry, we can't..' would have sufficed?
Food-wise, the entrees fared better than the appetizers. Perhaps we should have  ordered something other than the oyster rockefeller but I didn't find them that great. I enjoyed my elk loin but the striploin was a tad salty. It did come with a generous portion of fries though. Not a generous portion of truffles, but that's to be expected when not served as a supplement. So I still appreciated the shavings. 
We inquired about the tasting menu that was mentioned on the menu thinking it might be a good option for occasions, but no details are given (price, # of courses, min ppl)? Waited and waited for someone the server was supposedly sending over to give us more details that would 'be right over' (he never did). When that never happened, we were directed to speak to the woman at the front who could give us the information on our way out. But apparently that's not possible during dinner service even though nobody was waiting at the front. 
So we left still knowing nothing about it but not wanting to return anyway.
While not the most expensive restaurant in Toronto, certainly not the cheapest and not one I would come back to.
