kKC7UTcHZM3zLfT97x3msg My boyfriend and I came here for dinner. The atmosphere was cozy and the service was excellent. Our waiter was very knowledgeable with the menu - not sure how often the specials of the day changes, but he got those lines memorized pretty well haha.

DRINKS:
Napa Cellars Chardonnay 2013
Beer - Beau's

Bread with white french truffle butter were on the house. I've always loved truffles and there was a lot of its flavour in the butter. We finished this up really quickly haha.

AMUSE-BOUCHE (2/5)
A miniature tart topped with goat cheese.

APPETIZERS:
BAKED OYSTERS ROCKEFELLER (5/5)
(spinach, bacon and hollandaise sauce)
This was DELISH! I'd recommend this, the hollandaise sauce was amazing. A very light appetizer to start with.
Note: For those who do not like raw oysters, the oysters are cooked semi-raw.

DUO OF RAW (3/5)
(tuna carpaccio and tartare with cucumber, avocado and lemon olive oil vinaigrette)
This dish was yummy but it didn't stand out as much as the baked oysters rockefeller. The highlight of this dish would be the tuna tartare - very fresh!

MAINS:
CATCH OF THE DAY - POACHED LOBSTER (5/5)
I loved the poached lobster. At first when the dish came I thought to myself, this is not enough (I was very "hangry"!!). But as the night progressed, I realized this dish is actually pretty filling. The sauce is cream-based and it paired well with the lobster tail and claw meat. Delicious! If they have the poached lobster as the catch of the day again, I'll probably reorder this!

AGED BEEF STRIPLOIN WITH SHAVED TRUFFLES (4/5)
(with shallot jus and a side of parmesan frites)
My boyfriend ordered the beef striploin. He loved it. The truffles are shaved on top of the striploin by the waiter when the dish is served. They actually put quite a bit of truffles on top so I was very happy :D
The beef was very tender and the paramesan frites were tasty too. It wasn't too dry since they provide a dipping sauce with it.

The two complimentary chocolate truffles was a nice touch at the end of our meal :)
