KNBHGY4rQVuoHxZf_6ANuw Introduction

This hotel is centrally located, but I got a ride from the airport (which by the way, is not far). There is valet parking and when I arrived, you have to go up an escalator to check-in. It appears this hotel is attached to a mall (?) or inside complex which is very convenient. My boyfriend had checked in the night before so all I had to do was go up. Elevators are near the hotel's main restaurant.

Room 1906

Our room was a nice corner "suite." It was sizeable and the bathroom was really huge. We didn't stay in the room that much but it was comfortable. Signature flat-screen tv, sitting area, safety deposit box, two closets (nice for extra space) and mini-bar. I wasn't too keen on the bathroom products (it said something about San Francisco) and while I usually love the smell of Lemon Verbena, these products weren't up to snuff. They didn't pass the "Charlotte takes all the products home" test.

Amenities

This hotel has a pool, gym, and spa. The hotel site makes the pool look nice and long, which is perfect for lap swimming. But because there is so much to do and see in Montreal, my boyfriend and I hardly got to use any of the facilities

One main restaurant and one lounge/bar. My friends and I (we stayed at the same hotel) decided to check out this bar and it wasn't too bad. Another review on that.

Valet Parking available. Every time we wanted to go out, we had to call the Concierge to get our car ready. I had slight issues with this as every time I called, there was no one at the Concierge desk. I had to try multiple times, only to call the Front Desk to get my car. 

Conclusion

I came here with my boyfriend and because he is an IHG member, he stayed here for the points. Overall, I didn't have the best impression of this hotel. Nothing special, nothing out of the ordinary; it's just a place to stay. There was one day when we left at 10AM, returned back at midnight, only to find that our room had not been cleaned at all. The day before, it was cleaned at around 6pm when we were getting ready to go out. This inconsistency for me is a big no-no. Two star deductions (and no, we didn't leave the 'Do Not Disturb' sign on). Staff aren't really friendly either, but perhaps I wasn't being friendly to them?

Location can't be beat. When one is in Montreal, you don't expect to lounge in the hotel anyways, so really, the InterContinental is just a place to crash. But on that note, I am sure there are cheaper options if you want a just-to-crash hotel. For the price you are paying, there are some expectations.
