KNBHGY4rQVuoHxZf_6ANuw The location is excellent, the hotel is near some great restaurants and sites in Montreal, it even has an indoor shopping area attached with a Starbucks and bagel place. However, some of the staff I encountered  were unfriendly, don't seem to care, and act like they are doing you a favor by answering a simple question.  Even at check in, I was provided with no information on the check out time, the breakfast times and had to come back to ask further questions - yes that sometimes  happens, but it's consistent with the overall experience. The lobby is nice, but the actual rooms while they are a good size, are outdated and dusty. I could also see grout/mold growing in the shower. I also found a lot of dust under the bed and had terrible allergies all night. If you use the self-serve parking option for $25 per day, you don't get in and out privileges without a fee.  It's also three elevators to get to the intercontinental parking area which we managed to figure out with the very vague instructions we received at check in. I purchased my stay through Expedia, and got the breakfast buffet included with the price. When I went by in the morning to check  out the breakfast buffet, it was very busy. Granted it was labour day weekend so a line up is expected; but when I asked the hostess if I could see the buffet ( that I had already paid for) to decide if it was worth waiting in line, she told me to "make sure I came back since there was a waiting list" - like I was going to sneak in and sit at an already occupied table and hope no one noticed, to eat a breakfast I already paid for?  That was a terrible way to speak to a paying hotel guest.  My husband and I ended up forgoing the breakfast and ate somewhere else. Overall this is a 3 star hotel at the most, operating under a 4 star brand. I have traveled frequently for both pleasure and business, and this hotel has a lot of room for improvement. There are plenty of other hotels in the area or right in old Montreal, so next time I will be looking at other options.  This hotel has a lot of potential,  and was probably was really nice about ten years ago, but going forward this will be a pass.
