KxUczoGoAwkX9mSHwWlUAw I helped arrange a friend's bachelor party in Montreal and had heard from another attendee that Globe was a great place we should go to for dinner and that it turns into a rather popular club. So we decided to give it a try. 

We were a group of fourteen so to make life easier I made advanced reservations for the group price fixed menu. I dealt with Silvana, the event manager here who was responsive and helpful throughout the reservation process. We were able to secure a four course dinner with two choices for appetizer and three courses to choose from for entree, along with dessert and an Italian noodle dumpling that was given to everyone. 

Upon arrival, it was noted that this place is kind of small but chicly decorated. It is true the staff here looks like they work here between modelling gigs. We were warmly received and given a table for fourteen without any problems. The actual price fixed menus were at our tables and presented in a very classy manner, on nice printed paper. We ordered some bottles of vodka that were nicely displayed and drinks were made for us by our waitress during dinner. We were a large and thirsty group and our waitress Vanessa did a nice job of keeping up. 

As for food, I started with a butternut squash soup that had some braised beef in it. It was silky smooth and sweet and the short rib added a nice contrast in flavor and texture being a bit more savoury. My only complaint is that the soup could have been served hotter. Next was the gnudi, Italian dumpling. It was basically a dumpling in a butter sauce stuffed with ricotta cheese. It was kind of heavy, but still worked well. Next I had the salmon which was very flavorful and well cooked. Last an apple crostade which was served a la mode and was OK. 

Some service complaints I had heard was slow refills on water and only one diner was brought a steak knife for his steak (one of the three entree choices) while the others were not, and their requests for same went answered. 

One other note, as mentioned earlier, this place turns into a club. When eating we noticed that some of those arriving to enjoy the club looked rather young. Our waitress informed us that on Friday nights the crowd is older, and on Saturday night, the night we were there, there is a younger crowd. And that is why this club did not really work for us, as it appeared a lot of 18 year olds were there and we are a bit too old for that scene. Overall though, this place executed the night well, it just was not really my scene after dinner--that is a personal opinion though, as it may be yours.  It is certainly a popular place that eventually had a line to get in.
