KZKbv0vLfW2al37QSu5ZwQ I'm giving this place one star and that's only because of the location.  The restaurant is situated in the Old Port of Montreal, on a beautiful cobblestone street, tons of charm...that's where the positive part of this review ends.

We were greeted as we entered the restaurant and were seated quickly.  However, it took almost 20 minutes to get a glass of water, another 25 minutes to get our beer, which we ordered once our water was delivered.  When our extremely stressed, profusely sweating and almost invisible waiter did finally bring us our beer, in bottles, he asked us if we wanted a glass and if we did that we could go ahead and use our wine glasses, which we weren't using.

About an hour after being seated, and 40 minutes after ordering our food, we still did not receive a morsel of food.  We noticed that the waiter had been bringing baskets of warm bread to the tables earlier, so I asked if it would be possible to get some bread while we waited for our food.  The waiter explained that 1) they were out of bread and were waiting for more to be delivered and 2) that even if they had bread that the oven was being used for something else and our bread would be cold.  He explained that we were "first" on his list for bread once they got more bread.  About 20 minutes later, he brought us bread...it was cold, along with the butter.  My friend decided to heat the butter by holding it over the candle flame, which could have worked brilliantly, only the plastic packaging began to melt, so cold butter is what we settled for.  

Salad was included with my meal, but not my friend's, so he ordered a salad in addition to his meal.  The salads arrived about an hour after we placed our order (yes, AN HOUR FOR SALAD).  

We did finally receive our food, I had ordered the salmon with shrimp sauce and my friend had ordered the whitefish.  The portion sizes were large enough, but my salmon was extremely fatty and the shrimp had not been deveined, and my friend's fish was riddled with bones, we counted at least 30 of them.   Both dishes were served with rice and overcooked vegetables (rappini and zuchini).  We asked our waiter to bring us some lemon wedges, but he forgot, so we asked the hostess and she went to the bar and got us some (of course this was almost 15 minutes after we had been served the fish).

The waiter did not once ask us how our meals were, nor did he ask us if we wanted another drink after we finished our beer.  We had to flag down the hostess for everything.  

I'd like to point out that the restaurant was by no means busy, and we were not alone in our assessment.  We watched a table of 7 people gulp down their green soup, and then wait for well over an hour before receiving their mains, and only half the table got their mains, the rest had to wait an additional 10 minutes.  

Our meals (salad and fish) along with 3 beers total over $85.  I have to say that paying that bill felt like wallet rape.

All in all, this place was a disaster and I would not return, and I certainly wouldn't recommend it to anyone.
