l09JfMeQ6ynYs5MCJtrcmQ So we had a deal find coupon for this restaurant and so I invited my bestfriend, a goodfriend to join me for a "good time". 

We arrive and they have given away our table because we were 10 mins late, even though I called them letting them know I will be exactly 10 minutes and they said not a problem?!?!?

So we get put at the last table at the place right by the cold window and front door :s it is a pretty small place 10-12 tables, so it was freezing there.

So we sit down and produce our voucher, which I put in my reservations with them on open table for a table of 3 people with a voucher. The server (with glasses) then proceeds to tell me they can't honor the voucher because it says 1 coupon for a table of four or 2 vouchers for tables 5 and more. I got mad at this point because that is why they have a "note" section on open table so you can provide extra info/requests that they are spose to look at. Wtf, he says this and then walks away as if expecting us to leave by ourselves wtf. 

No we are not incapable of paying full price but when you make your customers feel like it is their fault they didn't review their own reservations and the coupon is stupid, first time ever at any restaurant. 

So we end uP staying cuz my bestfriend's boyfriend was able to come join us *thsss lol 

So after we order our apptetizer (mussels) and entrees we wait about half an hour before our appetizer arrives, then another 45 minutes for our entrees! By the time we got our entree it was a full 1 1/2 hour after sitting down.

And while we were waiting my friend was hungry so we asked for more bread, the server came and didn't say anything and picked up the bread basket, then came back and plopped it back down! Are you kidding m?

So at this point doesn't matter how our food taste, the experience was ruined :(

Also it looks bad on me because I was the one who told my friends this place was amazing, obviously that changed!

Finally the food: caesar salad- $8 was bad in size but didn't taste it so can't comment! Mussels $7 (we ended up getting charged $9 wtf) there was 2 two bad mussels that tasted like rotten seafood! Beef dish $18 had a lot of veggies with good variety and little beef but it tasted good! The chicken ravioli came with 4 pieces and a good amount of chicken! Fair to say my guy friend was not full at all but it did taste good! I had the seafood linguine $18 which was good but also a bit salty and again one bad mussel :s for a place that has a ayce mussel nights this is pretty bad! Didn't order dessert and tipped them 12% tip and walked out knowing we would never return! Overall bad experience! :(
