L6RxkP8dneVGelDLUhjCug This restaurant has been a popular topic lately so I thought I'd visit this place a few times and put in a few words. First off, parking is annoying because it's in a small little building and when their neighbor restaurant SK gets full, there is no where to park for this cafe, hence it can be a little difficult to get to sometimes. The interior of this place is just this small cute cafe, nothing much to it. I would of like to see a little more effort to decorate the place. It lacks a welcoming atmosphere in my opinion, this could be fixed with tvs or music. My last note about the interior design is that the table a bit uncomfortable for a cafe, would of like to see a section with maybe sofas and board games.

If you're wondering if I recommend this restaurant, let me first start by saying that they are still in a soft opening. There are very few item currently on their menu and they are still open to suggestions to adding more items. So if you want to have the full experience of this place, I'd wait till their menu is fully developed before coming.

On to the food!!! 

MACAROONS: They currently have a few flavors on their macaroons. They will be adding more, but Durian seems to be the popular flavor right now. My personal favorite happens to be their Yuzu Lemon. Do I think it's the best macaroon? No, but I do like to buy their macaroons because it's cheaper than other places (only $1.50 a piece). 

PASTRIES: Their other pastries seem to be the talk of the town right now. I highly recommend the Almond Croissant. I personally don't like it because I'm not a fan of almond, but everyone else around me seems to be addicted to it. My family and friends like to buy a bunch of them and eat it for breakfast every morning. They sell for $3.00 each. Now if you're wondering about their regular croissant, I have to admit that it's not the best, I actually find it's texture to be a bit hard. I prefer soft and crispy croissants. Their orange sesame balls are pretty good, this place may have the best ones in Vegas. Lastly, their highly recommended Pate Chaud was not a hit for me. If you don't know what it is, it's a Vietnamese French flakey pastry with meat inside. I like that it's made fresh, and the meat inside is tasty, but the texture of outside is not satisfying.

BANH MI (SANDWICHES): I highly recommend the Cha Pate Sandwich (pork roll with pate)!!!!!! I really like the meat and pate that they use for it and it is overall very tasty. Their Shu Mai Sandwich (meatball) is good, but it's not satisying because they barely give any meat inside. And their Dac Biet Sandwich (combination meats) was disappointing considering the other two were great. The meat they use for this sandwich tasted weird to me. 

SOUPS: The owner of this place highly recommended their Bun Bo Hue (Spicy Beef Noodle Soup) and said if we found a place in Vegas that makes it better, our bowls would be free....well sorry to say, it wasn't as great as he made it to be. The bowl was only half full when they brought it out and it had absolutely no presentation whatsoever. They tried to keep the price down on this dish, but then took away the full portion. I rather they charge an extra dollar or two and bring out a full bowl of Bun Bo Hue. Taste wise....meh...it was okay. Now their Hu Tieu dish was again good tasting, but it didn't stand out. The broth was probably the best part of this dish but overall, it also lacked presentation.

COFFEE: .......all I can say is that it's coffee. Not great, but not terrible. It's just coffee. I honestly was expecting better coffee since it is a cafe.

Overall, what did I think of this place? If you want my honest opinion, this place can do great this if they just focus on being a cafe. They should improve their coffee, have more pastry variety, keep doing their sandwiches, and add some small dishes/appetizers/finger foods at a low price. I think that they can keep their three soup dishes on their menu, change up the presentation, make sure the bowl is full of food, and not add anymore soup dishes. They can add a few more entrée dishes, but only a few. I rather they have less on their menu and execute them well then have a full menu and lack quality. Glad this place exists, a few changes need to be made and they will do well.

***Update: okay, I don't usually complain about service, but there is only one efficient waiter at this restaurant.....the waiters kept bringing food out to the wrong tables and they always seemed confused as to what is going on. I recommend that they number their tables to start. And I recommend that they have better communication with one another in the kitchen.
