LcFzbDnZ6y29f9ftoBj5nQ Being the wine fanatics my boyfriend and I are, we always love to discover a good BYOW restaurant and Prince delivers the goods! 
Recently opened in the locals of the old restaurant les infidèles, the new owners have really turned this place around! 

Decor is bright and welcoming, clean lines, Scandinavian inspired decor and excellent warm lighting to amp up wine and dine kinda night. 

Menu is diverse with items incorporating classic French fair with modern twists. We wanted to try everything off the menu as our lovely waitress was so enthusiastic in her descriptions, which were also as it turned out later, spot on! 

We opted for the beef tartar and the smoked salmon as appetizers. Both were very impressive. The smoked salmon was a thick sashimi like cut, plated beautifully amongst dollops of sweet and salty sauce that complimented it beautifully. It was served with a scotch quail egg in a fresh sour cream based sauce, it was perfectly crispy on the outside, but slightly overlooked inside as the egg did not ooze its gooey yellowish. I guess cooking the meat while leaving the small egg inside oozing is much harder than a regular egg. 
The beef tartar was also quite delicious. It had just the right amount of kick to it the sweet squash purée that lay beneath it gave it quite a welcoming hint of sweetness. 

For mains we opted for the attic char and the faux filet. 
The Arctic char was cooked to perfection! The skin was so crispy while the meat was tender as it bathed in a rich healthful canneberge risotto... yummy! The steak being a strip loin cut was quite tender. However the foie gras reduction that came with it was a bit disappointing. It was too liquid for my tastes and lacking in FG flavour. 

Portions for mains were quite generous, which is a pleasant surprise for newer French fare. We were quite full by the end of all this and didn't indulge in dessert. 

My only negatives about the evening was that the entryway lacked a proper vestibule. And having dined on a cold Montreal right, the draft that would come in every few minutes was distracting. Maybe they could put up a curtain to fend off some of the cold? 
Also the prices are a bit on the higher side for a BYOW 14-18 for appetizers and 30-40 for mains. But the quality of the food definitely made up for the steeper price. 

Overall, we had quite a nice evening in the new comer BYOW and will definitely be back!
