LjOBNcNNpuewBqSPxYYTJQ I really want to like this location but every time I've gone it's been a bad experience. I go to the NoDa location often so was excited about it being closer to where I live. First visit to the Pineville location was opening weekend. Air conditioning didn't work. Ok, I get it, still working out the kinks. Second visit, I ordered a full order of mushroom tart. Got what looked like only a half order so I asked one of the employees. Since they don't give itemized receipts I was questioned by the employee as to whether or not I did indeed order a full. By the time they checked their records and brought the other half of the mushroom tart out, my family was already done with lunch and we were all waiting to leave. Also, the mushroom tart I got this time had cheese on it. My first half order did not have the cheese on it. Third visit, got a Napolean for the first time and it was completely frozen. Today was my fourth visit and probably my last. I invited a couple of my friends to join me for late morning coffee. We went up to the counter and waited patiently behind a customer that had a order 3 boxes of pastries. There were two employees helping with the order. Both employees saw us but never acknowledged us. Two other employees came up and talked to the two employees at the counter and didn't acknowledge us either. Another customer came in behind us and was helped by one of the employees that was just standing around completely skipping over my friend and I that had been waiting for over 10 mins for someone to help us. None of the employees apologized or anything to us. I ordered a cafe marcotter, which was never called after 15 minutes and I see the barrista standing around and chatting with other customers. I finally asked the barrista if he had an order for me. He looked on the printer and said oh yes, sorry about that and proceeded to make my drink right then. I'm not sure what's going on with this location but to come in every time and have something wrong is really disappointing. I'm not one to complain or cause a scene at the store but after 4 times I felt it needed to be addressed. I'm not sure what's going on at this store but customer service is just not up to par.
