lKizOgdtB18KR5D8kKm9-Q I bought the vouchers for this place a few months back after seeing the positive reviews on it somewhere online.

Last night my husband and I finally decide to use 1 of the 2 vouchers ($25 for $60) that we bought to try out this place, after work, on a super hot & humid Friday evening.

We live not too far away in the downtown core and coming here was only a simple streetcar ride, and so we didn't experience parking dilemmas.

Since it was super hot out, we were desperate to cool down and asked for seats inside.

This is a cute, cozy and casual place.

Decor: old-fashion home feel with a small dining room that will seat 30 at most. Yet, everything from the floor to the tables, chairs all look clean and well kept. Each table had it's own different pair of animal salt and pepper shakers which was really cute too. My seat didn't face the back but I remember from short glances that behind the dining are the Specials written on a chalkboard next to the bar/cash area, then pass that it's a kitchen area and you can even see the chef doing his work through a window. Patio in front is partially on a platform and looks quiet and shady. However, we opted for inside as it was still very humid last night. A small group of 8 end up taking the space later on during our meal. The washroom in the basement was nice and clean. Hallway and washroom floors were covered with small black and white tiles and the bathroom stall doors were the cutest/fanciest stall doors I've ever seen. I think it got patterns that was either carved or painted on, with little purple velvet curtains too. Oh yeah, I also saw what's probably an antique scale in the hallway, which is not something you see everyday outside of a restaurant's washroom :) I didn't try it but I assume it still works :)

Anyhow, the most important part, the food.

We end up ordering 3 entrees to share, as we liked the sound of the specials and the menu items and can't just settle on 2.

We got from the specials menu: 1) flat iron steak and 2) swordfish and from 3) crispy game hen from the regular menu

Everything was delicious. All the meats were cooked to perfection; all moist and kept their natural flavors. Swordfish may be 'fishier' than some other fishes (I normally like fish but this was my first time trying swordfish) but I guess that's just the natural taste. Crispy game hen was definitely crispy, juicy and flavorful. It was also served flat with only a little leg bone, so very convenient to eat. I ordered the flat iron steak medium rare and it did came out so, with just the right amount of dry spice on top. Not only were the main items done well, but all the side vegetables were cooked with care as well; taro chips with the steak, asparagus, fingerling potatoes and other greens that I didn't know the name of. 

Overall, I enjoyed everything; the meats, veggies and sauces, though simple and light, all were tasty and done with care.

To go with the food, we wanted something non-alcoholic and ordered cold ginger beer and black cherry soda in glass bottles. Very refreshing.

Oh yeah, I almost forgot to mention the bread at the beginning of the meal. Small rolls, fresh, not sure what kind it was, but was very good. Served on a crystal plate with butter and this special pesto/spread. Not sure exact ingredient but I think bit garlicky and spicy. Very unique and good. I end up eating husband's share when he saw I liked them a lot :)

Service was excellent as well. It wasn't too busy as dinner hour just started and there were only 2 couples including ourselves. There was only 1 server at the time, who was casual and friendly. Another friendly guy came out and asked how we liked our food as well, and I think he was the same guy I briefly saw through the kitchen window cooking.

The only down side is that the portions are not very big. We did order 3 entrees and shared them equally. I was ok at the end but my husband was still hungry. I think in most cases, 2 people ordering 2 entrees would leave this place still hungry :)

We had an enjoyable dinner, left a 20% tip and I definitely look forward to coming back to use my 2nd voucher. I like the quiet, casual and tidy atmosphere, along with excellent foods and service.
