LktgJoH3Tt6-5RnQnb4U5w So, my wife and I have eaten here before and had a reasonable time with reasonable food. Unfortunately this past Friday we took her parents out for dinner to J Bistro. We advised the server about the fact that my wife is vegetarian and if we can remove meat from their souffles or if they are premade. We were advised by our server that the souffle could be made without meat. And so she ordered a goat cheese souffle WITHOUT bacon. After a 25 minute wait, my wife was served her souffle...with bacon inside. Naturally we brought this to the servers attention who was very apologetic and advised us that the order (known as the ticket) was accurate but that the "kitchen" made an error. He advised us the dish would be comp'ed and brought her a glass of wine.

This was fine and although and inconvenient as we ate our meals while my wife waited another 25 mins for a new meatless souffle to be made, we were willing to let this go. We simply requested to speak with the manager because we assumed he would want to apologize and we wanted to alert him to this operational error in his kitchen. My wife and I both work in health care where operational failures are usually not well tolerated and deserve a thorough analysis. 

Interestingly the manager (apparently the son of the owner) came to our table with the attitude and body language that our sever had resolved the problem and we were simply an annoyance to be dealt with, I guess he was too busy glad handing the VIPs. My wife expecting some semblance of remorse rather than a canned apology, pointed out to the manager the obvious, his kitchen had had an operational failure and perhaps he may wish to investigate. What came next was shocking to all at the table as he went on a tirade about how could we expect him to know what's going on in the kitchen, demanding us to tell him what we wanted (nothing actually other than an apology) and yelling: "you're in operations you tell me what I should do". 

Naturally this was very disappointing for a restaurant manager at a restaurant in Oakville that aspires to be one of the finer dining locations in the city to be so rude to a customer. It struck us that the restaurant management was more concerned about glad handing the other customers than providing appropriate customer service. When a restaurant is more concerned about catering to the few as opposed to delivering on its core functions (ie food fresh, don't feed meat to a vegetarian and don't include an allergen into an allergic persons food) then they have lost their integrity and focus and are not worth your money. We will not be returning.
