LQ_gYNs5E10IGFE0NOyD7A After some short deliberation I've decided to set some new review rules for myself to go along with my new yelp account. (Experience and foresight encouraged me to drop my previous account when I stopped hooking up with my boss who had signed off on way too many unsanctioned expensed dinners that I'm sure her boss wouldn't have approved but I was daft enough to write about) Forging ahead I will rate restaurants for the city they are in. It never felt level to give a great spot in Eugene Oregon 3 stars simply because it wouldn't be 5 stars in LA.  Ok disclaimer made! 
I tagged along with Yogi Barbarella to see her sisters new yoga studio in Scottsdale AZ. We slid in to join her class just in time. Big Sis didn't like that. Yogi B and I have form that makes Big Sis look like a lumberjack. She didn't like that either. Afterwards she pointed out her distaste for my ink most specifically the Dali on my neck. At this point I felt it prudent to let them have sister time so I bounced. Bummed around Scottsdale Old town scene, bought a gift certificate to a tattoo parlor to give Big Sis as a thank you for her charm and hospitality and started to get hungry. (Thanks for baring with me. The food review is about to start) I stumbled upon The Upton. I'm not sure what entranced me first. The delicious aroma or the roaring fire and candlelit Moroccan bizarre peaking out through the lush trellis. Either way I wondered in to a hip, art clad meets graffiti tagged restaurant and patio adorned with humble chandeliers and retro art pop houndstooth chairs. I don't remember the name of the refreshing cucumber, mint, gin cocktails that I was swilling down but they hit the spot. Since I was pissed at Yogi B by way of Big Sis' inexcusable breach of etiquette I decide to stop pretending to be vegetarian for this meal. Homeboy went balls out. Mussels, foie gras bone marrow, confit duck wings, fried oysters, sous vide steak and a big Ol slice of pie. All delicious. deeeeelicious. The only bad part of the meal was that while I sat there eating like I'd never seen food before in board shorts and Lanvin flops a huge party of beautiful babies frolicked in dressed to the nines and congregated. It quickly became clear that not all Scottsdale girls dislike sculpted tatted up Cali boys as much as Big Sis does even when said guy is slurping pate out of a marrow bone. Thanks ladies. Okay so go to The Upton if you enjoy slick understated atmosphere, solid service, delicious maneuverable menu, great vibe and tasty eye candy. And if you want the opposite of those things go to Big Sis' tired yoga studio.
