LQ_gYNs5E10IGFE0NOyD7A Another situation in which I truly wish there was a half star to throw into my rating. This is a very positive 3.5 star experience for me. While I've had some tasty things here, there hasn't been anything that's truly made me feel like whipping out a bunch of exclamation points or pull on the sleeves of all my friends demanding they try a bite here. 

The food is pretty good, and I do like the presence of healthier, lighter choices at a price that won't break the bank. The Italian Burrata appetizer was alright, though the bread was super hard and the relish wasn't that creative. The Mussels we had last night were very...how shall I say...fishy. As in, the "broth" tasted kind of like how a seaweed-ridden beach smells. Generally, the less "fishy" something tastes, the fresher it is. The black bean spread on the accompanying sourdough didn't to jive well for me at all - it seemed like an unnecessary flavor intrusion when a good crusty piece of bread might compliment what you're trying to achieve by developing a nice broth. The vegan noodles were tasty and light, not too salty. I also really enjoyed the salmon and kale salad. The kale was perfectly tender, as was the salmon, and the dressing wasn't overpowering. I tried 2 different cocktails and wasn't blown away, so I stuck with wine on my latest visit. 

The servers and bartenders have always been very friendly. The atmosphere outside is very quaint and welcoming, but the inside doesn't have much of a personality to it. It's kind of how I feel about the menu - not really sure what the objective is from a flavor or ambience standpoint. I want to like it here with it's great location and setting away from the craziness. It's a cute little enclave and priced just right. For how charming and inviting the exterior is, there isn't much character that really draws me in. I will probably be back and will be eager to see how the menu continues to rotate in hopes that some of the food makes a little more sense.
