2gUbgbdJ7IFSbicBXlSchw L'Express has been around since 1980 and is the so-called hot-spot for breakfast, brunch, lunch, dinner, and late-night eats for the Montrealers.  Always being rated as one the places not to be missed, the hubs and I came here for brunch during the weekday to check them out.  We were greeted warmly and were seated promptly.  The menu is extensive, offering items such as quiche, breast of a grain-fed chicken, grilled salmon on a spinach bed, etc.  We started off with Hard-Boiled Egg with Mayonnaise (these 1.5 halved, hardboiled eggs (3 pieces total), covered with a curry-infused mayo-like sauce on top; it was definitely very curry-strong, but there wasn't any salt or any other seasoning to these).  For the entrees, the hubs had the Spaghetti with Mushrooms (spaghetti with a watered down marinara sauce, tons of sliced mushrooms (canned?), all on top of arugula - I thought that this dish was pretty unappetizing, as the marinara had no flavor to it, and the mushrooms were just way too strong in the dish); and, I had the Hangar Steak with a side of Frites (the steak itself was super tough, and the horseradish herbed butter on top was cold; it didn't melt onto the steak, since the steak itself was not hot and just lukewarm; a side of veal au jus was served (as an option), but this had too much of a game-like taste to it, so I was not a fan; the frites, however, were perfectly crispy and tasty).  Sliced bread, butter, as well as a ridiculous large jar of cornichons (seriously, this jar was massive!) with tongs was left on the table, as well as a jar of fresh hot mustard.  Service was great - attentive and efficient.  The vibe itself is relaxing and comfortable, and I like the pictures on the walls as well as the black-and-white checkered tile floors.  I'm glad I was able to check out L'Express out, but can't recommend!

+tasty frites
+skip the spaghetti (!!!)
+complimentary jar of cornichons and hot mustard at the table
+friendly service
+reservations accepted
