lQ9VmIWvM6v-rONPkYX8aQ First and foremost I apologize for not remembering the details of this dining experience as I should have.  By no means should that be interpreted as being unimpressed by the dining experience, but more a result of the loss of memory that is often associated with a vacation in Las Vegas.

I spent the better half of an evening at Alex last Tuesday night and to no surprise I was delighted with the experience.  As I explored the restaurant I couldn't help but notice all the detail throughout the dining room.  Upon entering the restaurant you are greeted with a survey view of most of the dining room.  A modest staircase leads down to the dining room floor that is outlined with deep burgundy colored, floor-to-ceiling curtains with decorative flowers attached.  These surround the large glass windows that look out into a "secret garden."  Forgive me for not going up to the windows to get a better view of what's outside.  3-foot high clear glass vases are filled with orchids and other exotic flowers in the candlelit room.  My only complaint would be the dim lighting at this point.  As we were seated the servers promptly brought small pedestals to sit besides the ladies' chairs for their handbags, a nice touch.

As special guests we were treated to two courses of four amuse-bouches.  Forgive me again for not remembering the exact details of all the courses, but I do remember very clearly the Matsutake mushroom consomee and the gruyere cheese puff as being fantastic.  Not so impressive was the tuna tartare and caviar on a scallop chip.  The scallop chip was too overpowering to taste the tartare and caviar.  There was also a seared foie gras and a watermelon gelee with goat cheese meringue that were tasty.

On to the meal...I chose the tasting menu for the evening which consisted of 7 courses.  We started with a cantaloupe gelee with kona kanpachi, weird?  The cantaloupe gelee was fine, but I found that it overpowered the tiny portion of kanpachi that was wrapped in a crispy skin of either potato or egg roll wrapper (it was about the size of a stack of 15 dimes), take out the gelee and you probably would have had another winning amuse bouche.  The next course was a butter-poached lobster with corn custard.  This is very much one of my top 10 all-time favorite dishes, although becoming quite common in upscale restaurants (I'm pretty sure that Thomas Keller at the French Laundry was the first to embark on this dish, but correct me if I'm wrong).  Next was a bit of orange roughy that was served with a sauce of chanterelles, very tasty but I had forgotten it after the next two courses.  Then came the seared foie gras, a monstrous portion by most standards served with a complex reduction sauce that I had a hard time deconstructing, tart, sweet, a little bitter and burnt, this was atop...hmm...can't remember, but who cares, it was foie gras damnit.  Next was a perfectly cooked wagyu beef, rich, buttery, tender goodness in another complex wine sauce.  This was served with a deconstructed butter lettuce salad (didn't quite get why they did that, maybe to balance the richness?)  For dessert we were assaulted by several plates of the pastry chef's creations.  The "Chocolate, chocolate, chocolate" was an array of chocolate mousses, ice creams, solid chocolate, and chocolate sauces.  The dark chocolate ice cream was the most intense chocolate ice cream I've ever had, beating out the 71% cocoa that I'm used to eating, so pretty darn intense.  There were also some hazelnut desserts, petit-fours, hazelnut ice cream, coffee desserts, and more.

Our waiter for the evening was Mike Shigemoto, quite the professional but made us feel extremely comfortable at the same time.  A+ to him for his professional yet friendly service, which really made the evening quite memorable/enjoyable.

At the end of our meal we were greeted by chef Devin Hashimoto, the chef for the evening (apparently Alex is working on another restaurant, a business-casual italian restaurant but I can't remember the name).  Quite tall for a Japanese guy and a killer Hawai'ian accent to boot, very cool guy.  I'd like to work for him for a week just to see what it's like.

Anyhow, to sum it all up:  Eat there if you can afford to and enjoy yourself.  Not a cheap meal by any standards ($195 for the tasting menu, $145 for the 3 course, neither including wine) but a great place for a special occasion.  Jackets required.

Oh, and check out the bathrooms.
