LtDYRcMJbJPhXPEklT29Fw Impressed, definitely impressed by Edwins.

I stopped here tonight with some girlfriends. It's where the old wine bar used to be- but now it's a nice food establishment. I especially like the mission of this restaurant, helping out the community (see their website for the mission).   So, my girlfriends and I stopped in tonight to grab a yummy meal.

We were greeted right away and ushered to our seat. The service was great- our waiters checked on us constantly, as well as others, to fill our bread plate, our water glasses, or simply to tell us our food was coming. Nice, very nice, I thought- I wish all restaurants were this considerate.

I ordered the "les russe" (spelling?) drink- a cucumber infused drink. That was definitely tasty- I liked how they had lots of choices in that arena.

For my entree, I ordered the "Paupiettes de poisson du jour"- halibut wrapped in a potato skin (think crispy) in an amazing sauce- " beurre rouge ". Oh wow, it was good! The fish was moist, it was just the right size, and the flavors were great. Usually, I would complain about the sodium level, but at Edwins- it was just right- not too salty! I was happy about this, for sure. My girlfriends ordered the "Coquilles au gras de canard, avec tomates, basilic et pommes duchesse"- delicious scallops, and "Tournedos de saumon gratiné au raifort et sa sauce aux concombres et crème fraîche"- a moist salmon in a horseradish creamy sauce. Overall, our entrees were excellent.

We ordered the dessert- the flourless chocolate cake and the Grand Marnier souffle. The cake was okay- I thought it tasted a bit burnt on the edges though. I had read the reviews about the souffle and decided to try it- it was a tad too sweet for me. Definitely good (very egg-y), but a tad too sweet for me. 

What astounded me was when we got the bill, it stated that the Edwin's had a 501c3 status! WHAT?! I exclaimed! Being personally a head of a non-profit in the city of Cleveland, I was encouraged by Edwins support to the community.  It made me respect Edwins even more for their purpose and mission of their restaurant- all the while, providing a delicious fancy meal.  

But overall, Bravo, Edwins, Bravo. *clap clap* I highly respect you, loved your food, and will be back to you soon to support your mission to help those get back on their feet in the city of Cleveland.
