LtDYRcMJbJPhXPEklT29Fw Hands down one of the best fancy dinners I have ever had! Honestly the only other ones I can think of are L'Albatross and the 5 course chef's tasting at Dante. 

So what makes this place so great? First off their mission; instant points for being a place that helps formerly incarcerated persons by giving them a chance at a successful transition back into society by teaching them a skilled trade, offering support and guidance, and empowering them through passion for the hospitality industry. And let me tell you, these people are more than willing to serve you, to try and excel at what they are doing, and provide everyone with a great experience. It all started with my communications with the manager, Jordan, he was personable and more than accommodating when my supper club reservations kept increasing in size. Then there were our waiters, Matt and Robert, both played along with my feisty harassing of them and served our table of 17 with plenty of smiles and without any major issues. 

Next up, the food! I'll be real wit cha, I did not really care for the bread they serve but that is no biggie. But I was into the unique French dishes they provided which are perfect if your palette is open to exploring things like frog legs $15, escargot (a little earthy), and fois gras. They also have an excellent cheese selection and lobster bisque soup if you'd rather play things on the safe side. Next up are the main dishes, mmm I still think about that horseradish crusted salmon in a creamy cucumber sauce $28 mmm drooling... they also had this tasty beef and noodles dish, venison cooked perfectly (no chewy gamey meat here), a pretty scallops dish, and things get real fancy when you order a burger because they grind it up and fry it tableside! 

For dessert they offer bananas foster which they cook tableside as well, but this had a strong alcohol taste to it so I did not really care for it, but let me tell you, they make their drinks $11 deceivingly strong too and my silly mouthy side was in full force this night after just two tasty concoctions! (Disclaimer, I specifically asked for fruity sweet drinks, they definitely have the kind of cocktails that burn going down and pack a bunch if you're more into putting hair on your chest). Back to the desserts, they have apple torts and chocolate cakes and souffles, really there is something for everyone. 

I thoroughly enjoyed my experience at Edwins and it appeared the other 16 guests at my cozy table by the fireplace enjoyed their experience as well. Sure it's pricey, but so worth it, plus you're helping out a wonderful cause so don't act like you can't save up and splurge once in a while (start practicing your "Oh la la's"!). I will definitely come back here and I encourage everyone to make the trip and give them a try! (Oh and free valet parking!)
