lY3XZS7RJrGzZtyjWW3tOQ I am really happy to see a restaurant of this caliber on the east side.  Exciting, eclectic menu selection, great service, extremely pleasant ambiance and some really great food.  This is a place that seems to have truly captured the bistro essence - a perfect blend of "high-end" food and service in a very cool, casual, environment.

My wife and I dined with her parents at Nouveau Bistro on a Saturday night.  We were pleasantly surprised to enjoy live background music while we ate.  Low-key, quiet, non-vocal guitar music.  The kind that sets a relaxing, comfortable mood without interfering with your conversation or "taking over" the atmosphere.

Our server was a young guy named Taylor who was extremely attentive without being stuffy or intrusive.  Like the rest of the restaurant, we appreciated his professional service while maintaining a casual, friendly rapport with his table.

We ordered two appetizers, both of which were very unique and extremely tasty.  The eggplant cheesecake was our favorite.  A light souffle-like creation that was like nothing we have ever had anywhere before.  It was absolutely delicious and next time we will probably order two.  We also had the shrimp and goat cheese melt which is perfect for sharing.  A soft goat cheese spread topped with rock shrimp and red onion with toasted pita bread.  The combination of the two was the perfect first course.

All entrees came with a house salad of mixed field greens dressed in a light citrus vinaigrette.  It was a nice transition between the appetizers and our entrees.  It was also nice that we didnt have to pay $9 for a salad.

Two of our diners ordered the meatloaf, which I maintained may be the best I have ever tasted.  Incredibly moist and extremely flavorful, it was served with some deliciously creamy red smashed red potatoes and sauteed  zucchini.  My father-in-law had the sea bass, which although not Chilean, was light, flaky and fresh.  I didn't taste it but he was still raving about it this morning.  I had the short rib, which I would certainly order again.  It was very flavorful, moist and came apart with my fork the way a good short rib should.

We were too full for desert, but we will be returning this Saturday night again and look forward to trying some of the other interesting menu items.  But we will still order the eggplant cheesecake appetizer.
