lzwNoKVBC5eJe87151tPSA 98 South had been open for a couple of weeks by the time I went (in a party of 6).

The outlook was not auspicious from the start: the reservation went straight to voicemail, however there was "no record" of the reservation when we turned up.

A large group (maybe 15 people?) had just turned up before us, so being asked to take a seat at the bar for a few minutes while a table was prepared was not a shock. In the end all 6 of us crowded around two small tables put together (ideal for 4, but elbow acrobatics required for 6).

Our server was attentive, and remained so through the shambles that followed.

After a longer than expected delay after ordering, the appetizers arrived. No complaints, they were enjoyed by all (including the lamb carpaccio - the first time anyone seated had seen it with lamb).

Plates were cleared after a respectable time, and drinks kept coming.

When the entrees arrived, however, is when the real fun-and-games started. Two dishes were fine. Three dishes were cold (as in sitting-30-minutes cold). One dish had dead mussels in it (there were only three mussels to start with, so having two of them be dead made for little mussel enjoyment.)

Back the dishes went.

Eventually the 4 dishes returned came back. Not reheated (bonus!). Two were warm enough to eat (though could have been warmer). Two got sent back again - steaks that were not cooked according to doneness.

We weren't willing to wait for a third attempt for the two members of our party to eat - by now we had been in the restaurant for close to three hours, and the large group (who were seated close to us) were experiencing problems (entrees and appetizers arriving at the same time).

"Would you like free dessert?" was the best the manager was able to offer. We declined, and headed elsewhere for dessert.

98 South, under the old ownership, was a good place to go for solid American food. The new 98 South, attempting to blend French and American, fails dismally. Maybe your luck will be better if you go in groups of two: I'll never know if they improve - I'm not willing to give them the chance again.
