lzwNoKVBC5eJe87151tPSA Hey, hey Chandler, what the F?  Why didn't someone inform the rest of us that you had a cool little thing going on?  

As per usual in cases like these, we were bat-signaled to the nethers of the East-Valley to meet up with my gf's family for a night out on the town.  I was expecting Applebee's-east, set in a beautifully stucco'd historical building circa last century Lowe's vintage 1999.  Glad I was wrong.  Oh.  So.  Wrong.

Instead, we ambled over to 98 South (set in a historical 1912 bldg) after learning of  El Zocalo's hour-and-a-half wait.  No worries.  This joint had pretty much everything we needed (except one, more on that later).

So the six of us sat down immediately and were presented with a pretty nice wine list.  Nothing extraordinary (kind of surprising), but they did have a Spanish Crianza, which I found pretty nice.  This was a default choice, however, after they (gasp!) ran out of Oak Creek Pale Ale.  This should be an immediate soap-in-the-sock-flogging-penalty for any 98 South waiter of choice for cock-teasing patrons after said keg has floated.  Again, no worries, the Crianza was good enough to have ordered a second glass, and who am I to deny myself quaffable libations?

I ordered the Pinwheel, which despite its goofy name, is a serious meal!  Its 4 rounds of skirt steak (seasoning made classified for patrons, obvs) on a pillow of garlic mashed and sauteed spinach.  Fucking num num!  

The others around the table appeared to enjoy their meals as well, evidenced my several "Mmm"s and a couple "you've gotta try this"es -- and you know how hard it can be to please the home-cooking-for-life-crew in which older-generation family members have lifetime memberships.  My gf had the salmon and after my requisite 'boyfriend' sample, i was highly impressed.

The ambiance was pretty cool -- lounge-y and comfortable.  They had a lounge singer doing some raucous covers of Van Morrison and even Coldplay.  Slightly weird, especially the dudes attempt at a Chris Martin falsetto, but I appreciated the effort and all-in-all he didn't take himself too seriously.  This made it actually pretty fun to listen to.  

Overall, pretty freakin cool experience, especially with deflated expectations of our long-lost-cousin, Chandler.  But boy can he throw one hell of a dinner party!
