m4PW-GMc8JOU5nmMYncu-Q Although we had a bit of trouble finding Le Lab (thanks to none of us having international phone plans, a cabbie who apparently was unfamiliar with Montreal's geography, despite telling us everything about where the gangs are; and the address being listed as 351 on some websites), we finally made it with a couple hours to spare before closing time. It's a dimly lit area that makes it feel like a speakeasy, but with pop music blaring and a much louder vibe than you'd find at a quiet bar. We sat at a table that could fit our party that was closer to the entrance, and our waitress was good about coming over and taking our (rather frequent) drinks orders and being a good sport about it despite us being English speakers.

As for the drinks themselves, they're definitely a bit on the pricey side (everything seemed to be in the $12-15 range, which is basically NYC prices), but they were pretty good overall. The Jerky Lab Jack is pretty much a must-try, as it's a house specialty. I'm not a huge fan of whiskey on the rocks (which is pretty much what this looks like), but it turned out quite well - the BBQ bitters add a hint of spiced flavor that Jack on its own doesn't have, and the beef jerky itself (which is good - well-flavored, and not too chewy, with the right amount of toughness) helps to temper the edge on the drink. Jay's Basilic also turns out quite well; the basil serves more to provide an herbal whiff as you sip on the drink, which is heavily based on the raspberry but delicious without being overly fruity. The Tiger Thai Collins is also really good - the chili adds a dash of spice, but aside from that, it has a very bubbly and refreshing taste to it.

In all, the drinks here are all pretty well-done. I do also like that there is a small beer selection, in case you'd like to switch it up. This is a very chilled-out bar and a great place to sample interesting drinks and have a great time. It's not a dance bar, so don't come here expecting to rock your moves out; it's pretty much a speakeasy but at regular bar volumes.
