m4PW-GMc8JOU5nmMYncu-Q What an interesting bar.  Let me begin by saying that we very much enjoyed our visit. The bar is a little all over the place, which makes this review a little hard to write.

Think of Le Lab as a cutting edge cocktail bar, mixed with flair bartending, mixed with a dance club.  They obviously take cocktails very seriously, and the atmosphere is relaxed and comfortable, not stuffy like some cocktail bars can be.  The service is very good and the staff are friendly and attentive.  That being said, something about the combination of the flair tricks, the DJ, the atmosphere as the night wore on, and how extremely young everyone was (patrons and bartenders), something was just a little bit off for us.

When we walked in, our bartender was in the process of making a variation of a Blue Blazer.  I was pretty impressed as I've only seen this drink made once and most bars will refuse to do it.  Here at Le Lab, it is actually on the menu!  The drinks are very very good, and though I enjoyed them immensely, nothing really blew me away.  They do have a large and interesting cocktail menu with two special rotating menus, one focused on a particular spirit, and one on an ingredient.  Those menus when we visited were Canadian Club Maple and Sriracha Hot Sauce.  All the drinks were very inventive.

The service was very good, and attentive.  We were offered some tastes of unfamiliar ingredients and their house made vermouth which was very cool.  While I found the flair bartending aspect of Le Lab interesting and unique at first, it got somewhat tedious by the end of our visit.  I was never sure what to say when they did a trick and then looked right at you, and I almost felt obligated to keep affirming the fact that they just threw a shaker around a bit.  While we always appreciate chatting with our bartenders, we felt that at a few times at Le Lab we could have used a bit more space.  I think this is probably because most of the bar staff seemed very young.  I love the engagement and excitement, but there also needs to be a balance of giving the patrons some privacy at times.

As it got a bit later, the place got packed.  Standing is allowed in the bar area which makes it very crowded, but the bartenders handled it well.  Le Lab actually had enough bartenders working (at least 4 full stations set up) to handle the crowd.  Why is this so rare at cocktail bars?  Because of this, we didn't really feel the crowdedness at the bar unless we got up for some reason.  However, the atmosphere after a certain point was not really what we look for in a bar.  There was nothing wrong with it, it just got very young and somewhat clubby.  A DJ that started up at some point, and it was very much a party atmosphere.  When things like rounds of flaming shots started to happen, it was time for us to go.

Overall, Le Lab was a positive experience and I would definitely recommend it.  Really, there was nothing that I would point out as a negative experience, just a few things that are not really our style in a bar.  In addition to this, they had a lot of really great positives happening, and they did a lot of things well that for some reason many bars seem to do poorly.  If you are really into the party atmosphere, I think you would absolutely love this bar late night.  The bartenders for sure know how to get a party started.  As for us, we would definitely go back, but we would go early, around when they open, and probably try to head out before the crowd hits.
