MdjIl105vqCYUGKFSUVytA My friend made the suggestion to check out Colette. I made reservations the night before and was greeted by a friendly hostess and the front of the house manager who led us to a really nice seat by the window with a great view of the CN tower. 

The decor was really on point. Classic elegant cafe with decent space between your table and the other patrons. The menu was limited but prob done intentionally to minimize any issues with fresh ingredients and kitchen capacity. Portions were decent but sides had to be purchased separately. Had the eggs Benedict and side of potatoes (not the best but it came out warm). Water and coffee were never topped. My daughter had the French toast but other than the topper it was dry. 

The biggest issue was service. Our waitress was extremely unattentive and not friendly. She was a meal taker and not a server. She didn't top our beverages and we had to ask the manager at one point to order a round of drinks. The food runner had to grab things from the kitchen for us to start our meals and again she wasn't around. Waitress did not do a quality check otherwise she would  notice that the eggs in my Benedict were over cooked. Our plates sat empty in front of us for 15 minds before a random employee noticed we were waiting for some sort of attention. We waited another 20 mins at the end of our service to ask for the bill which then we waited another 10 mins before she showed up for payment. 


Food 5/10
Service 1/10 
Ambiance 7/10 

Overall 
A bit overrated for my taste and I won't be coming back. Good for those who want to come off as a foodie and take "nice" pictures for social media. Saw a few girls who made the effort to do their hair and makeup to take pics with their high end cameras. That's the crowd you get. I think I could score a better brunch experience elsewhere in the city. Best part of the meal was our seat. I think it was the only table worth sitting at if you enjoy a semi view of something besides other tables.
