MdjIl105vqCYUGKFSUVytA First off, I wanted to try this place because the restaurant interior looked very pretty and the menu selection looked great. Perfect for girls night out. 

We booked for Friday evening and when I arrived, I was greeted by a lovely host who took my jacket before I headed to the bar area to wait for my friends. They have a good selection of wine, a small selection available by the glass and a short list of cocktails available. The bartender recommended the Wanderlust to me so I gave it a try. A little too floral for my liking but very different. It would be boring if I just had a mojito or sangria here anyways. 

After my friends arrived, we were seated to our table. The dining room is surprisingly spacious and very pretty. The ambiance is nice and slightly dimmed. Part romantic, part stylish and chic. We ordered a bunch of items off the menu because we were famished and also we had trouble deciding. 

They started us off with basket of different breads served with pomello butter. The butter is like mixing regular butter and marmalade together except you get it i one go. Delicious.

Moved onto appetizers. We had fried frog legs and tuna tartar, both of which were nicely executed. The frog legs were just the right amount of crispy and tasted like fried chicken except it was kind of bland. 

Then we moved onto the mains. My friends got the seafood pot and the braised short rib with bone marrow which they both enjoyed. The size of the mains were well portioned (there's no tiny plates of expensive food here). I got the flank steak and I was very very impressed by how amazingly delicious it is. The higher option is the striploin but I always get striploin so wanted to try something new. I was expecting the flank steak to be tougher and dryer since it is the lower end option but I was so wrong. The flank was so tender, delicious and juicy! I ordered medium rare and it was just perfect. 

I had to leave early so didn't get to try the dessert menu but heard great things about it. My sister did end up buying a box of macarons in the bakery there and they were gigantic! Very elegantly placed in a nice box for her. Overall, great place to go for date night or with your besties.
