ME6D5nLlfG0xZCtICOYDuw This restaurant is a lot of fun, has a great menu, authentic french decor and a lot of seating space.  We had our company holiday lunch here last week and I was super impressed!

The waitress had a french accent so I truly felt like I was in a french cafe/bistro from the moment I walked in.  She was very knowledgeable about everything on the menu so she guided us through the entire 2-hour lunch. 

We started with a couple appetizers...the calamari (the dipping sauce to accompany the calamari was fabulous) and a cheese plate.  The cheese plate also came with a relish, honey mustard sauce and a fig compote....all which paired perfectly with the cheese offered.  The calamari was perfectly crisp, not chewy and seasoned well.  Overall, great appetizers!  


I ordered the Yellow and Red Beet Salad which came with candied pistachios, feta, oranges, olive oil and arugula.  It was pretty good but I realized I am not a big "beet" person so I wasn't really thrilled with my choice.  My only other complaint is that the portion was very small.  I know these are lunch portions and we had plenty of appetizers but truly this was more of a side salad.  However, it had good flavor and if someone loves beets then this would certainly satisfy!  Everyone at the table loved their meals.  Some got the chicken salad on a croissant, one person ordered the grilled steak salad (which was apparently cooked to perfection), and one other person ordered the grilled chicken sandwich (pretty boring, I know).  Most of the lunch entrees are served with your choice of regular pomes frites (or skinny french fries for us common folk :) or sweet potato fries.  The pomes frites were tasty and savory...not too oily and not too salty.  Overall, everyone was super satisfied with their options.  I also forgot to mention the warm sliced baguettes that were served prior to our entrees....YUMMY!  There is nothing like french bread and this bread tasted so fresh and the butter just melted on so smoothly.  The crust was crunchy but not hard and the center was soft but not too yeasty (yes I made that word up).  It was just perfect!  I should have asked if they made it in house!

My favorite part of this meal was of course the dessert!  We left no stone unturned...we wanted to sample pretty much everything!  We were told they make all of their desserts in house so we were all excited about their pastry options.  Once again, France is known for their pastries so this was a true test of the authenticity of this restaurant!  

By this point the manager was loving us so he sent out a plate of chocolate covered strawberries on the house.  They were amazing...tasted like one of those $5 godiva chocolate strawberries.  Then, the feast began...the chocolate mousse, the nutella cream puffs,  and the creme brule all made their presence known.  The mousse was rich and creamy, the nutella cream puffs came with a side of chocolate sauce so you could really make it special but the winner of the day was awarded to the Creme Brule!!  I'm not even a huge creme brule fan but let me tell you...this was amazing!  It was soooo creamy and flavorful.  It was a perfect balance between a custard and flan.  The consistency was just perfect and the bourbon vanilla flavor was done just right.  I loved all of the desserts but this one had my heart.

Once again, I love to support local places so this restaurant definitely has my vote.  There are many other items on the menu that I would like to try but what we had last week was fabulous.  They have live music from time to time and they are having a huge New Year's Eve party.  It would be worth checking out their website periodically so you can learn about some of their events.  They also participated in restaurant week last spring (I attended), which was a great way to taste some of their most popular menu items.
