ME6D5nLlfG0xZCtICOYDuw I dined at Georges Brasserie for the first and only time recently for brunch.  I read the menu online and it sounded good but in actuality it was just okay.  I ordered an omelet which spinach, sautéed spinach was used which had too much liquid that should have been drained better prior to use other than that it was okay.  I had prime rib well-done but there was some confusion about ordering it which was cleared up after 10-15 minutes.  When I received the prime rib, it was too fatty and I had to do a lot of cutting to get to the meat.  The meat was tender but needed more seasoning.

The buffet had desserts but they were not as good as I expected they would be such as the coconut macaroons and bread pudding.  The flavors were not well developed so the taste fell flat; I could not bring myself to touch another dessert.  The bacon was plentiful and good.  I love salad and had a Caesar salad that was drenched with dressing and the leaves were wilted and the croutons were awful.  Mussels and steam shrimp was offered, they would have been great with a little seasoning without it they were bland.  

In addition to the buffet, a few tapas (small) plates were available to order.  I ordered beignets and received three miniature ones served with a fruit compote which were okay.  The restaurants uses multiple servers per table.  Later, I ordered more beignets from a different served and was told as a small plate only one beignet is placed on the plate but how many do I want.  I looked at him for a moment and had to hold my tongue because clearly he does not understand the meaning of tapas.  I simply responded three beignets is fine.  When I received the order, it was worse than the first.  It was drained of color and oily.  I lost my appetite and asked for the check.

I liked that a terrace was available for outdoor seating which is where I sat and loved every moment of it.  The women's restroom was great, the stalls were spacious, the sink had motion detector so I did not have to touch a handle and plenty of soap and napkins were available.  It's a shame that the terrace and restroom were the highlight of dining at Georges Brasserie.  The $30.00 I paid for brunch was not worth the time, energy and gas it took to get there.
