ME6D5nLlfG0xZCtICOYDuw Took the family here for brunch last Sunday.  I'll give you my honest opinion.   Brunches are hard to pull off sometimes and it shows here at GB's.  The menu looked enticing when we looked at the line up online.  I tried just about everything.  Here is my assessment of the food:

Oysters, Mussels, Shrimp Raw bar - Not too bad.  The shrimp was awesome.  Big juicy pieces that were cooked just right. The Oysters were hit or miss, they were a little tiny.  The mussels were delicious but too many shells were missing the meat!  They need to keep up with the cocktail sauce and lemons as they were running out quite a bit.

The Roast Beef was inedible. The RB was so rare I would almost have to call it raw.  There were no other choices as it was being sliced.  When one was finished, they left some scrappy pieces out on the cutting board before the next one came out.  Try cooking the roast to an internal temp of at least 120 and also provide some medium sections for others to choose from.

We ordered off the small plate menu.  The Beignets were hard and dense, not light and fluffy like one would expect.  Dad ordered the Eggs Benedict and when he cut in to them, the yolks were rock hard.  I can't take a hard yolk on an Eggs Benedict.  So much for those two items.

The Bacon and Omelet bar was great.  The bacon was cooked well and the omelet was exactly as I ordered.  The home fries, however, looked like something that came out of a bag and just got heated up in the oven.  Small cubes that were brown and tasteless.

The French Toast was fantastic.  It had a great flavor and a chocolate drizzle.  Very tasty.

The Macaroni and Cheese wasn't my favorite but I recognize that everyone has their own taste when it comes to M&C.  It just wasn't that great to me.  

The standard Bloody Mary's were ok but nothing special .  I would think they could liven their BMs up a bit instead of up-charging you double for what I would consider a decent BM.

The Creme Brulee was the best thing they had there.  The coffee was ok but kind of weak.

Overall the food was adequate but nothing that I would give rave reviews over.  I've had better brunch food and while the price is not as expensive as some other brunches I've been to, I still feel like the value just wasn't quite there. 

The service was decent, although I could tell our waiter was spread too thin.  Perhaps if they had some bus staff helping to clear plates and fill water, the wait staff could concentrate more on the guests.

It wasn't the Bruch that I had been looking forward to but it wasn't terrible either.  I hope to give them another try, perhaps for dinner one night.
