ME6D5nLlfG0xZCtICOYDuw Sunday brunch with some dear friends. I was so excited to try this place after checking out the mouth watering menu online. The food was absolutely outstanding which made the apathetic service all the more disappointing. If the food had been bad I would be sort of irate. Because the food was so incredibly good, all I feel is let down and sad because I don't feel like I can go back and waste money on the overall experience again. 

To start, we walked in and stood awkward and ignored in the empty lobby. A man in a suit, we assumed manager, approached the podium and asked if we'd been helped. We replied no. He replied that somebody would get to us soon and just walked away. 

We finally get seated and then...we just sit there. No waiter. No water. No menus. No instruction to go ahead and go to the buffet. Again awkward. 

Finally we just go to the buffet. A waiter stops my mother and asks where we are going. Well hey this is again awkward! She is embarrassed and tells him we are going to the buffet. He asks her for our drink order. She apologizes as she has no idea what the four other people in our party want to drink. 

Get back from the buffet. We now have water glasses but they are empty. Baby steps.  Hostess arrives in a bit and fills the water glasses. We are grateful. 

Food. Is. Amazing. I can't even properly describe how fantastic. So I forget about the fact that we don't have drinks and nobody has spoken three words to us. I'm in food heaven. It's the only non-awkward moment of the meal. It's glorious. 

Waiter appears and asks how we're doing. Umm, how about drinks? I order a diet coke. It takes several requests but it does arrive finally. The others have given up on this waiter and decide not to risk drink orders. Unusual for us as we love a mimosa! 

Waiter doesn't clear any dirty plates from the table until we are nearly finished. I'm not sure my mom loved sitting next to a stack of dirty plates for half her meal. 

Waiter shows up again. Does not clear plates but does ask if we want any a la carte menu items. We had no idea this was an option and he does not offer up a menu of items. Awkward, confused silence all around He suggest beignets. We accept this offer mainly to end the awkward silence. We have to remind him but they eventually show up. They are just ok. 

Time for checks. One friend says she will take the beignets on her check. He mentions that the a la carte menu items are included. We would loved to have known that prior to the meal. He goes to get the checks. A friend gets up and looks around until she finds the a la carte menu since we were never offered one. Wow, we would have loved to have sampled some of those items. Would have really loved to have been presented a menu when we sat down. 

All in all the food was more than worth the price. But the service was really, really awful. I promise you that we are also not those people who get snarky and sassy with bad service. We just sat there a little stunned and took it. Laughed it off even. But we won't be submitting ourselves to that again. Way too many other fabulous places to try!
