ME6D5nLlfG0xZCtICOYDuw Both my husband and I have birthdays during Queen's Feast, giving us a good excuse to have a nice night out without breaking the bank. While we have some standard special occasion spots, we like to try 'new to us' places as well. For my birthday, I chose Georges Brasserie since I love the vibe, wine list, usual fare, and desserts one generally finds at brasseries.
We arrived a little early and the hostess (very nice and professional) said they were running 10-15 minutes late; that was just fine with us. We went to the bar to check out the wine list and raw bar. The oyster selection listed on the blackboard hadn't been updated, but the bartender was able to tell us what their daily selection was and my husband ordered 3 different varieties. He was very pleased with the freshness and the flavor, though the presentation was so-so. The bar itself is comfortable and just what I had hoped for. We waited a bit longer than we would have liked to be served, but once we got our drinks everything was fine. The hostess let us know our table was ready just as we settled up with the bartender.
I mentioned it was my birthday when I reserved and asked for a nice, quiet table . . . wish granted. Jeremiah was our waiter and was very pleasant and accommodating. I think because it was Queen's Feast meant a crazier atmosphere for him and that translated slightly to our service. My husband got the pork belly appetizer (fantastic) and I got the Caesar salad, (very good). My husband ordered the short rib (excellent) and I got the chicken with fig and sage, which I wasn't 100% sure about going in, but would highly recommend. It was difficult to pick just two desserts, but the milk & white chocolate mousse with chocolate ganache and the coconut cheesecake with pineapple chutney were good picks.
While the wine list is not extensive, it is fairly good. I had the Cloud Chaser rose at the bar and we shared a bottle of Sancerre during dinner - both good.
We'll be back when Queen's Feast is over.
