ME6D5nLlfG0xZCtICOYDuw Wow! What a shocker this place was! 
To see some notable South Park Restaurant Faces, you know its gunna be good! 
I met a friend for what was supposed to be drinks at the bar. As I walked in, I noticed that Georges has really done well with the former Oceanaire space that just wasnt conducive to high volume. We sat at the bar as there were plenty of free chairs and were greeted kindly by barmen, James and Brandon. Brandon is a SouthPark staple who knows customer service and what his guests want! In no time, I had his newly created "Sassy" Martini, which was just that! Delish! My friend ordered her usual Chopin up, which proved to be as stiff as she likes them! We chatted as we looked at the menu and surroundings and just felt at home! I ordered a dozen Gigamoto Oysters which came with usual accompaniments for dipping and NO CRACKERS! This is a welcomed surprise, you have to eat the oyster with a fork and not a cracker! Amazing. They were fresh and firm, with that creaminess you get from anything with a "-moto". After the oysters, we ordered the Steak Tartare, Chicken Liver Pate, Goat Cheese Tarte, and Escargot (it was an appetizer night). The Appetizer menu had something for everyone. You can really tell that so much time and effort was taken to create this great menu! The Steak Tartare was some of the best ive had, the chicken liver was a perfect mix of creamy and firm (kinda like the oysters!). The Goat cheese didnt last long enough to review, but i hear it was good. The Escargot, in my opinion, was prepared the way it should be, SIMPLE. Butter, Garlic, Parsley, no salt. Let the snails and the butter do the work! Little balls of puff pastry topped each snail and offered an excellent texture contrast. Not one of the snails was gritty. I just think this dish was a triumph! 
Id say I was hard pressed to find a single thing critical about my visit to Georges and will Definitely be back to go after some entrees! A s we just sat at the bar, the decor was warm, inviting, and the staff was knowledgeable. With the amount of talent in the building, this place is sure to be sucessful. I cant wait for many more nights at the great restaurant. Helen will review it, and I will be sure not to listen.
