mnn--vaYHtNyBNYFYBFIog The Why:  Considered by some to be the inventor if "new Québec gastronomy" and bestowed with Five Diamonds, Relais et Chateaux recognition, and nearly twenty years at the top of Montreal's dining scene a meal at Toque seemed like a perfect prelude to dinner at Au Pied du Cochon.  Helmed by Normand Laprise and focused strongly on local sourcing with a daily menu meant to focus on items most fresh, unique, and dazzling from the local markets I will admit I'd heard some mixed feelings on recent visits to the restaurant, but with my mother and aunt planning to save room for what was sure to be a gluttonous evening the large formal dining room seemed like a perfect place to lunch amongst the city's well-heeled and well dressed.
 

The Space:  Large and spacious with high ceilings, soft wall coverings, blond wood, and plush carpet Toque feels very serious and aside from the large metal flower marker out front it certainly is a serious restaurant with widely set tables, servers speaking in whispers, and a wine cellar focused on Canada but inclusive of all the best - many visible on a floating rack in the middle of the restaurant.

The Service:  All female during my visit and all friendly, efficient, and professional.  Perfect posture, peerless pours, and plates delivered with ample description were the norm throughout my visit and ever-present but never looming there is no doubt the team here is well trained.  More Paris than New York I will say that I am generally more comfortable with servers who show a little more personality, but all things being equal it would be hard to find fault in the team at Toque.

Bread Service:  Served in a small box with an icy puck of bland butter a trio of breads featuring a Sourdough Roll, Carraway Rye slices, and Crostini arrived first - each was fine, but the butter was largely inedible until it had rested a good twenty minutes; a pet peeve of mine.

Quinoa Salad, Squab Confit, Iceberg Lettuce, Dried Fruit:  I really don't know why I was being served iceberg lettuce in a fine dining space, but I have to say I appreciated the honesty as thin strings stood alongside razor thin radishes atop a truly impressive warm salad of toothsome quinoa, crisp and fatty squab, plus dried peaches, apricots, and plums.  A deft balance of sweet, savory, and nutty this was one of those dishes that far exceeded modest expectations handily.

Quail Confit, Brandy Sauce, Eggplant Caviar, Garlic Puree, Cabbage, Parsnip and Beet Chips:  More fowl, and this one more substantial in portion, it would be hard to imagine a more juicy bird than the whole quail set before me.  Reportedly baked in duck fat for nearly half a day and plated with vegetables in varying forms, flavors, and texture the quail itself was perfect and each accoutrement helped lead the plate in a new direction, yet unfortunately where this dish came up short for me was in the sauce - a potent reduction that threatened to overwhelm nearly everything it touched.  As an added note - crispy cabbage leaves only seem like a good idea; in reality they shatter with even the slightest touch of a fork and would have been better served as finger food.

With coffee supplied by Illy I went with an Americano and oddly it was brought out before my cheese course - but cheers to the folks at Toque, the refills were free and thus I was able to enjoy a few cups, including one with dessert, rather than suffer cool coffee.

Riopelle with Sweet Almonds, Apple Jelly, Onion Bread:  At $8 per selection the cheese board at Toque is well culled but largely international and wanting to try something local my server directed me to this - the best cheese of the trip without a doubt and seemingly uncommon in the world of Canadian cheeses in that it was quite soft, nearly liquid in the mouth.  Triple cream and intense on the first taste with a lot of fruity and earthy notes coming forth later I've since sought this out at home and also found the accoutrements to be superlative - who knew apple jam spread on onion bread could work so well?

Churros, Chocolate, Coffee Sauce:  My fault.  I have no idea why I ordered this at a place like Toque other than the fact that the other dessert options did not sound very good either.  Overcooked, over-sugared, and although the coffee sauce was good the execution was not.  Again, I don't know why I ordered it or why it was on the menu.

The Verdict:  All things being equal I think I may have cheated myself by visiting Toque at lunch - a quick glance at the dinner menu all but confirms that, but considering their stature in the Canadian culinary landscape I guess I expected a bit more of a "yes" attitude to something as simple as a cold foie gras prep at lunch - particularly as the restaurant was less than 1/8 full throughout my visit.  Great service, beautiful room, but aside from the quinoa salad and a cheese that can be bought elsewhere nothing truly 'wowed' me enough to say I'd go back or recommend it to others.
