mnn--vaYHtNyBNYFYBFIog Toque was the only place that we made a reservation well in advance. It was good, there were some enjoyable dishes, but it didn't quite reach the "otherwordly" place that some tasting menus can hit.

I took pictures of most of the dishes in their entirety (sometimes I forgot before digging in). They have been posted. I don't exactly remember what they all were, but I'll do my best!

Drinks - They have two drinks of the day, every day. Mine involved blueberry and wintergreen as major components. On one hand, this was totally innovative and interesting. On the other, the only place I really experience wintergreen is in toothpaste, so it's hard to shake that.

Amuse - A very light, gelato-ey dish. Melty. Cold. Not remarkable, but it definitely got the ball rolling.

Bread - The bread was not a course, but I would feel badly if I did not mention that this was the best ciabatta I've ever eaten. And the little ciabatta crackers? So amazing!

Scallop - The best course of the night might have been scallop on the half shell. It was fresh, served with a little onion and oil, as well as some Asian-influenced spices. And the entire shell was sitting on a mound of salt, some of which got into your mouth when eating the scallop, which was amazing. Great presentation, great results.

Tuna - One of the most interesting dishes of the night, the tuna was kind of like a gelée stuck to the bottom of a plate. But the flavor was so rich and so good, that I quickly got over it.

Foie - The foie was very good, served with croutons, vegetables and sauce. I was so excited for it that I didn't take a picture. Use your imagination.

Mussels - Since the foie was a supplement, in its stead is usually the mussels. They were served in a similar manner to the foie. Also good.

Lamb - I think it was lamb. It basically looked and tasted like thick-cut lunch meat. Vegetables and sauce did not really help. The non-meat version of this was seared scallops, which were much better.

Duck - The main course was the duck, and like the lamb (or whatever the lunch meat was) didn't do it for me. Extremely traditional presentation, and lacking in flavor. I guess the line of fat on the duck is traditional as well, but it just seemed out of place.

Cheese - Really interesting presentation. Crumbled cheese on the wide rim of the bowl, soft cheese inside, quince, Asian radishes... Interesting stuff. Not the best, but pretty good.

Dessert - Another one whose design was a bit strange. It was kind of like a bunch of elements thrown on a plate, in a line. Berries and gelatto, and crumbles. Pretty good, but I don't think I'd ever order it on my own.

Petit Four - Or two. Macaron mini sandwiches. Light, sweet, and a good way to end the meal.

Now that I look back, the meal started really well, but ended with a whimper. A local later told me that he thought the place was slipping, and I couldn't disagree. But it wouldn't take much to get it back to a top level again.
