mnn--vaYHtNyBNYFYBFIog Being a native, I credit Montreal (and my family of course) with instilling in me, a profound love of good food and good drink. Back in town, I wanted to try all the good food that I'd been missing like yummy Greek and Lafleur's hot dogs. Also on my list was haute cuisine and this place's name came up. I took my sister and, well, it was very very good. While we both had the tasting menu, mine was the foie gras version and my sister's was the regular version. It was a whirlwind of escalating expectations as it started off with a fantastic amuse bouche (a mousse topped with a foam...I can't remember the ingredients...I should have taken notes!). Then the courses just kept getting better until the 4th course (or was it 5th?) which was a salmon foie gras. At that point, I was wishing I had gotten the regular tasting menu because my sister had a tuna sashimi type dish which was definitely better. While it may just be that by that point, I had foie gras fatigue but the salmon dish was not pleasing...it wasn't bland but it wasn't spectacular. The next dish was a braised bone marrow...super yum! By this point though, I was stuffed! I didn't think I could go on but the deliciousness of the food (and it's price...$104 for the foie gras tasting menu, $92 for the regular tasting menu) made me go on. Unfortunately, the dessert was absolutely dreadful. It was juvenile and pedestrian, to say the least. The dessert was a thin wafer over ice cream topped with little dots of jam (mine was strawberry, my sister's was blueberry). It was kinda shocking to see and taste the dessert because it was almost like a joke...like "you'll come here to eat anything I serve". The dessert should have capped the night but it felt like more of an insult. 

One particular note of appreciation I would give is to the sommelier who developed the wine pairings with such precision that the food was absolutely enhanced by it. I know that that's the point of a wine pairing but I've never had one that was just this perfect before...it turned a solo into a symphony. The wine pairing is completely worth the price (I had the $60 "regular" pairing...there is a $90 "premium" pairing as well).

Overall, there were a few bad notes which made the price seem overly high. The price should have been under $100 for the foie gras and $85 for the regular tasting menu. However, this was haute cuisine that was, for the most part, done very well. This place takes cards. There is street parking so save your money and forgo the valet. Perhaps I've been spoiled by LA but valet is crazy-expensive in Montreal. There is a complimentary coat check.
