mnn--vaYHtNyBNYFYBFIog Crossed off my bucket list, but once again my expectations were quite too high for this restaurant.
First off, I should emphasize I came here during mtl a table, where they served a prix fixe 3 course meal for $71. 
The atmosphere is pretty cozy, and not tense like a too high class restaurant. They had a coat check closet at the front of the restaurant. Didn't really get to explore or anything, but the decor and setting of the restaurant was very "hotel lobby/lounge) 
They start you off with bread and an amuse bouche. The bread was decent, but I wished they served butter that was salted and rolls that weren't rock hard on the outside. The amuse bouche was a tuna confit served on a rock with cracker sticks (like pretz). Interesting touch but I feel like they can improve it, maybe something more exciting in terms of flavour.

Anyways, for starters we had the venison carpaccio and the sea bass rillette.
The carpaccio was very mild, with nutty flavours from the walnuts, and sweet and tart from the squash. I don't think the dish really came together that cohesively (I ate it by rolling up a slice of meat with the ingredients) 
The rillette was mashed sea bass with dill, topped with pickles and cheese crisps. I found this one really delicious and wished there was more of it.
For the main, we got the Iceland cod, and the pork loin. The Iceland cod was smooth, sweet and worked perfectly with the creamy sauce. The slightly charred vegetables added an extra dimension. The pork loin was perfectly cooked, but the thick cut was lacking flavour. I think the sweet sauce and the squash really elevated with dish. There was also a tough part I couldn't chew so I had to spit out the pulp. No big deal, but not something I'd expect from a restaurant of this calibre.
As for dessert, there was a chocolate mousse and apple gelée with squash ice cream.
The chocolate mousse had a delicious dark chocolate flavour, with a tart sea buckthorn berry sauce that cut through. The crunchy granola was a great touch too.
The Apple gelée was reminiscent of those fruit on the go bars, you could taste all the original apple flavours. The squash ice cream and the marscapone sauce was a great addition, but I felt like the sponge cake was a bit out of place.
Lastly, the offered a blueberry gelee and maple fudge with the cheque.

All in all, the food was delicious, service was professional and courteous. My biggest concern the fact that this meal was so expensive, even during the best deal of the year event. A wonderful experience, but price point for regular days would honestly be too high. I expected the food to be mind blowing but it was not quite there.
