Mqsb3Tzabaq95yQIWTuQtg Been gagging on a Chicken Pad Thai for 6 months (can't believe it's been that long already!) so a few weeks ago I began the hunt, scouring the city for Thai restaurants with my aforementioned favourite on their menu... 

Celadon? Prawn only. 
Time 4 Thai? Prawn only. 
Thai Orchid? PRAWN ONLY! 

Now I know I could probably venture in and request the chicken variety, of course I'm sure they would be more than happy to accommodate me. But who wants to be the fussy diner in the Thai Restaurant? Hmm? Anyone? 

Thus my journey continued. And led me to the Wild Elephant, possibly the closest Thai Restaurant to my home funnily enough. 

Could it be the nutty noodle dish I have craved so long had been right here under my nose all along?? And with lifted spirits, my answer came... 

It could! 

Now I can only comment on the takeaway service as I did not plan on passing this place, remembering my quest and reacting as impulsively as I did. If I'm honest I don't think I could ever enter a restaurant with the pre-notion of requesting a "table for one, please...."! 

In the 5 minutes/eternal wait I had to endure, I passed the time buying a lottery ticket and browsing the menu for other delights that may pique my interest and/or memory. I can agree with others on the state of the prices. Considering the most I've ever spent on Pad Thai is about £3.50, the menu was a bit of a fright, valuing my meal at £9.99! 

A slight relief is that the price comes down for takeaway and I only had to part with £6.50 (the friendly lady was kind enough to waive 49p due to their lack of change and my only alternative payment the crisp £20 note in my pocket!). 

The Pad Thai, however, was delightful. The portion perfect, and I'm sure I'll part with 7 quid again one day when I get my next craving. But with classier, cheaper options in town, The Wild Elephant will most likely be cast as the bit of rough I go to for my Chicken Pad Thai fix! 

HIGHLIGHT: The reunion of the year! 

LOWLIGHT: Didn't win Euromillions...!
