mr4FiPaXTWlJ3qGzp4-7Yg I've been to Table 17 twice, and since the first time I came here, I have been anticipating the next time I would reunite with the sticky toffee bread pudding!
With a groupon in my hand and the final days ticking before expiration, I knew I had to get in here for what I hoped to be a fantastic dinner.

The tables were a little bit close, but not intruding and the waiter was patient and informative with the questions I had (I always have questions!)

For our shared appie, we went with the Burrata because I have been looking for a good burrata dish since I moved back to TO and had not found it yet.- I tried one at Reds last year and thought that it was not creamy enough and unfortunately, this one missed the mark as well. I thought that there was not mixture between the mozza and cream, so the soft texture of the burrata was lacking. The flavours and other components of the dish paired very well.. just wish there was more creamy goodness.

It happened to be Good Friday and I really did not plan to eat meat that night. I was tempted to go with the shortribs because I knew I would not be disappointed from my first experience. I was debating between the pasta and one of the fish dishes but there was one component of each dish that did not speak to me.

On a whim, I went with the scallops at the very last second. It came in a creamy broth (was not a fan at first read) but it had been quite some time since I had some good scallops and I definitely had set some high expectations. On first bite..... I was grinning ear to ear... the scallops were perfectly cooked, loads of flavour in the broth, and I could not get enough. I'm just not a super big fan of clams, so I cannot really comment on them. None the less, I tried to scoop up ever last ounce of the broth on the plate! The short ribs were tender (husband's review), and very tasty.

For dessert .... I did not have to look at the menu - sticky toffee pudding it is.... it came out hot in a ramekin, loaded with caramel sauce and apple butter on the side. Rich, decadent, tasty, mouth watering..... it was just like I remembered and more! S had the banana cheesecake, which I was hesitant about because I'm not sure how that could go well together... but it was actually surprisingly subtle but evident in banana flavour. With a touch of peanut butter to finish it off, the dessert was a great choice.

I'm so glad that my second experience was just as good as the first. As someone who doesn't repeat restaurants often, I can vouch that this one will not disappoint.
