mr4FiPaXTWlJ3qGzp4-7Yg I had very high expectations of Table 17 as it was recommended to us by a bartender at Origin (where I had a phenomenal experience - see my review) and a good family friend (who has exquisite taste). What do they say about having high expectations? You will usually be disappointed. Sigh. 

And so it goes...

 I loved the space at Table 17. It felt classy rustic, if that makes sense. The intimate bistro (composed of two small rooms) had wood floors and walls, antique lights and a subdued color palette. I felt relaxed. 

The service was superb. Our waitress was more than a joy and spouted all the day's specials by memory and was well-versed in the few wines we were deciding between. She was attentive, humorous and gave great recommendations. 

The food? It was good, but forgetable (don't hate me, Table 17!). I wanted them to elevate the flavors. Punch me in the face and make me giddy. Make me moan with pleasure (food here people, get your mind out of the gutter!). Make me want to lick the plate clean. 

Like the last green leaf on a tree whose leaves are changing with the Autumn air, the dolce forte wild boar polenta was the sparkling highlight in the crowd. They change the polenta frequently, but it's a must order. Even if you don't like polenta, order it. The presentation itself is worth it. You are brought a thick slice of wood where the polenta is perched. Two table spoons of fresh herbs and red pepper flakes accompany it. Chef John Sinopoli comes out himself and scoops the pipping hot wild boar out of the pot and onto the polenta as he explains the ingredients and care that went into it. It was delicious. Not too gamy, not too heavy, just right. I would have liked it a bit saltier, but maybe that's just me. I have an addiction to salt (blush). 

We also ordered the chilled white gazpacho (definitely recommend), charcuterie board (typical), warm roasted beets side dish (yummy but I wanted more goat cheese!), summer arugula salad with blue cheese and peaches (the peaches were lovely) and the steak tartare. I am a sucker for steak tartare and always order it when it's on the menu. Table 17 serves it differently, they mix beets into the chopped beef. While some may like this, I did not. It tasted like beets, not meat. I missed the salt (shocked?), the capers, the onions, the quail egg on top, the savory flavors of a traditional steak tartare. 

I know every restaurant can't be phenomenal, but at those prices, I am a bit tougher on the food and my expectations are a bit higher. I liked Table 17. I would give it another shot.
