mT8Ej8sKFJoIa5G0Vl4AKA Our party of four was seated at a window booth (with a great view of Ste. Catherine St. and Place des Arts, but cool - temperature wise - in winter).

I was curious as to what it would be like to eat here again after many years and wondered why the 3 star yelp rating? 

A few of my observations are as follows in no order of importance;

Coleslaw was a bit more creamy and chopped up than I recall. Still one of my fave cabbage based dishes anywhere. 

Our server asked if we wanted a break between courses, but was hard to find after dessert to settle up the cheque. Note: was not made clear to pay at the table (usually that's done).

The manager was very present and helpful when called upon, a very good sign.

Two of my go to dishes; the baby back ribs (pretty obvious as they are in so many of their ads and tops in my experience), and the other is their grilled salmon. This time the portion was smaller than I recalled, the veggies were cold (yet still edible) and the garlic mashed potatoes lukewarm. The $1 add-on spicy seasoning was fairly hard to discern. 

The others in our party all order their famous ribs with or without additions. They did appear, a little less meaty, a little more dry - than years past - but still darn tasty.

Honey mustard chicken finger dipping sauce is excellent.

The side of (3) grilled Tiger shrimp were plump and cooked firmly.

The calamari starter was a little chewy and not a plate-full-portion.

The cheddar dip was very rich and flavourful, plus a good appetizer to share.

You can get a parking (underneath the restaurant) validation if your bill is over $65 after 5pm and on weekends (please verify the details as they could change).

The 6 oz glass of 'Carnivor' Cabernet Sauvignon was super drinkable and at $12 a decent deal - many of their other glasses are $15. Several bottles seemed to be marked at $60 plus tax which I though was a little pricey, yet if the glass is $15...

To finish their cranberry red velvet cake with cream cheese frosting was moist, 'delish' and sharable with each an individual fork. 

In sum, the three star average seems a bit harsh, but to each their own experience and rating...that's for sure.
