mUdalYTuAtnZm2K9zoH27Q Our family was in Vegas and wanted to see what all the fuss was about, so we thought we'd check out Joel Robuchon's restaurant to see if he was really worth all the hype as "Chef of the Century."  While we'll probably have to check out the Mansion next time to see if he is truly superior in comparison to some of our favorite chefs like Thomas Keller or Julian Serrano, we walked out pretty impressed with L'Atelier.  The 11 course Discovery Menu took almost 4 hours to eat, so make sure you have a lot of time, but getting the opportunity to chat with the chefs in the open kitchen/counter top space was a lot of fun and made the time fly by (make sure you request a seat at the counter with your reservation).

The food compares in sophistication and presentation with Picasso, but in a more casual atmosphere (no jacket required).  If you go with the tasting menu, you're getting a lot of courses, so they tended to be more bite-size and probably a little more delicate.  Surprisingly, there is quite an extensive menu selection if you choose to go a la carte (I counted over 40 items you could mix and match, excluding cheeses and desserts!)

The most memorable dish for me was the scallop, served on its own shell, in a broth, that was probably THE most naturally sweet scallop I have ever tasted (even better than topnotch sushi restaurants, like Matsuhisa). There was also a superb cod in vegetable broth.  The chefs here really know how to concentrate A LOT of fresh flavor into seemingly simple-looking broths and marry them with subtle seasoning.  As expected with nouvelle french cuisine, there was a little pretentiousness with all the foams and micro-chives used (to our bemusement)- maybe a little excessive, but they never clashed with the flavor of the food.  

I probably would have expected a little more from the wait staff for the prices that you're paying, but the overall experience was memorable because we got to chat with the chefs, who were superfriendly.  We definitely enjoyed ourselves and had a wonderful night.  I highly recommend L'Atelier, especially if you've gotten a little bored of the same old rotation of dishes at Picasso or Michael Mina (which are still excellent in their own right, but need to change up their menus more often).
