mUdalYTuAtnZm2K9zoH27Q the best analogy for this type of restaurant--
if you're guy, think of a home theater stereo system, a very good home theater in a box for about $400, i.e. Onkyo.  then imagine a very high end componenet system put together for under ten thousand.  yes, the expensive system is better with each perfect element, but definitely a diminishing return for the price.  high end dining is a similar experience, esp. after you've had great food in sf, napa, nyc, etc.
joel robuchon offers more classic french fare $145 tasting or $20-30 small bite plates.  (entrees are mostly larger portion size and double the price)
the reason for the analogy is that fine dining starts to taper at the top--the incremental improvement is smaller.  thus one starts to look for creative use of typical ingredients, innovative implementation of unusual ingredients, bonus points for unique or artistic expression of food.  it's hard not to become too picky.
robuchon is one of those chef/restaurants at the top.  but given that I can get something nearly as good for half the price in sf, and definitely something just as good for less in napa, this place is overpriced.
however, on to the dining experience...
the kitchen counter top is both good and bad -- yes the restaurant is undeniably beautiful with it's impeccable arrangement of food as decoration, but at a price of privacy.
amuse bouche -- Cucumber gele tarragon cream, cumin yogurt
Maine lobster in a gelée of vegetables topped with a chilled leek soup
Iberico de Bellota ham with toasted tomato bread
--jamon iberico: life changing (but you can get it elsewhere too)
Free-range quail stuffed with foie gras and served with truffled-mashed potatoes
--demi glaze was excellent
Braised pork belly with confit sweet onion
--crispy skin super tasty
Calf's sweetbread with a sprig of fresh laurel and stuffed romaine lettuce
--good with onion and smoked bacon bits inside the stuffed lettuce
Fresh raspberry surprise inside white chocolate sphere, yuzu ice cream
--outstanding
