mUdalYTuAtnZm2K9zoH27Q If I ran good at the casinos, I wouldn't mind going for that discovery menu. But too bad, so my date and I dined here for my birthday dinner. We both ordered the $78 menu, which includes an appetizer, a soup, a fish or a meat entree, and a dessert. They do offer a $105 menu where you can have both the meat and the fish. Glad that I didn't, I was just too full with one entree.

My entire dining experience was amazing. I felt like I was sitting through an art show. Every dish was like an art piece. I really didn't want to mess up the presentation but I wanted to try how it tasted too. I ordered the beef cheeks, spinach soup, red snapper with cuttlefish and baby octopus, and ended the meal with a strawberry compote. My date ordered the asparagus, tomato gazpacho, pork belly with caramelized onions, and the traditional tarts.

I started my meal off with a 5 Alive, it's a citrus drink with two flavored vodka. It's decently strong for a mixed drink, I felt a bit whoosy when I was halfway done. It's quite thick and flavorful. It wasn't too sweet at all. I had the choice between an iBerry and this, my server recommended this over the iBerry so I went along with it. Not a bad choice.

You can easily find my meals posted in the pictures. I loved the beef cheeks, spinach soup, and my dessert. My friend described my beef cheeks as planting in first grade, you can see sprouts and beets stuck into my beef cheek that was pulled into small pieces but woven together like a patty. It's definitely cute and summery. My soup was interesting, the top layer was foam-like and then the bottom was like a gelatin/pudding. It was light and flavorful and very fun to eat! My snapper was good, but not as flavorful as I wished. I should have chosen the pork belly, it was just so tender and soft and juicy and rich. It's okay, my strawberry compote beats my date's tarts any day! 

My strawberry compote had sorbet in the center, with two pieces of sweet, crispy pepper skin coming out of it and making a circle. My bowl had a pattern created by gold powder. I seriously don't want to break this but I've got to try it. It was quite tarty and light. You have so many different texture in just one dessert. The whole experience was just amazing!

Not only that, just as I started eating my compote, our server and the rest of the staff at the restaurant surprised me with a birthday dessert. They gave me Le Chocolat, which had chocolate cream at the bottom, oreo crumbs with vanilla creme, then top it with a golden chocolate plate dotted with passionfruit filling. The writing on the side with the fruit filling was better than my own handwriting. The staffs had pretty good vocals too :) 

Best birthday dinner ever, I do want to come back soon for that discovery menu! Let's hope that I run better at the casino next time.
