mUdalYTuAtnZm2K9zoH27Q I don't think I have a single complaint... Oh wait, maybe the price and portion size, BUT it's Vegas, and it's French, so maybe I'll just take that tiny complaint right back and just make it a disclaimer. 

*Portions are TINY. Prices are HIGH. But you're in Vegas... INDULGE*

I went with 3 other girl friends. Decor is beautiful. Black & red with tons of fresh red roses all over. Loved it. 

Service was impeccable. Just the right amount of friendliness and politeness. There wasn't much waiting, and the server was willing to help us out with anything. 

They have pre fix menus, but you can also order a la carte. They have small plates to share or regular entrees. 

From their bread basket, you must try their croissant. It's tiny, about the size of my fist (I have tiny fists). Buttered and sprinkled with sea salt. I wish they had just given me a basket of those. 

I ordered the small plate, Foie Gras Stuffed Quail with Truffle Mashed Potatoes. OMG, those mashed potatoes were the best I've ever had. The texture was amazingly smooth and creamy. Absolutely melted in your mouth, and the flavors were right on the mark. Enough to coat your tongue and linger, then disappear so that you can dig in for another bite. Quail and Foie Gras were rich and delicious too, but those mashed potatoes... heavenly. No joke. No exaggeration. 

My friend ordered the Lobster entree for $70. It wasn't enough to be filling, but I'm sure it was of the best quality. 

My other friend ordered the Carbonara, which was definitely filling. Probably the largest sized entree at the table. However... it is just pasta. I didn't taste it, but it looked fine. 

My other friend ordered the Macaroni. Don't expect mac 'n' cheese. It's asparagus wrapped in a light thin sheets of pasta and some sauce. It's tiny with only 2 pieces. However... it was probably made from the best quality ingredients. 

DESSERT was absolutely stunning. I ordered the Framboise. A white chocolate sphere (painted red) with yuzu ice cream on the inside. They bring a cup of warm raspberry sauce and pour it over your dessert, causing the sphere to shrivel and melt and reveal the yuzu ice cream. Absolutely beautiful, and even more delicious. I LOVE yuzu ice cream, and the balance of sweet, tart, and citrus was perfect. I ate every bite, and I could've licked the plate clean if I were allowed. 

My friend ordered the Ice Cream & Sorbet dessert that came with an assortment. Just 1 quenelle of each flavor, so you'll be begging for more when you're done. The flavors we got were: Pistachio (wonderful), Malt (different), Vanilla Bean (SO good, considering it's just vanilla, but you can tell they use REALLY good vanilla beans), Raspberry Sorbet (tart), and Coconut (Good). My friends loved the pistachio and malt, and I loved the coconut. In any case, no matter the flavor, the textures were perfect. 

*sigh* L'Atelier may be the new place I frequent for an awesome night of delicious food in Vegas... if I can afford it, that is.
