mUdalYTuAtnZm2K9zoH27Q I was excited to check this place out in my last day in Vegas from the high recommendations of the MGM staff, but disappointed to say I have to agree with all the other recent poor reviews.  I'm surprised this place is rated 4 1/2 stars on yelp.  One of the worst experiences I've had at a Michelin star place.  Just going through the other recent reviews, I get the feeling that something has changed for the worst at this place.  

After I ate, I was a little bit disappointed and as I was paying my bill, the couple next to me leaned over and ask "what did you think?".  To which I replied, "ehh, it was ok".  And they were in total agreement that this was just totally overpriced average food.  Just not worth the money.

To sum it all up for you
1) Unknowledgeable staff
2) Average Food
3) Total pretentiousness at the door

I went to make reservations and seeing the restaurant half empty, I was told there wasn't any available until an hour later.  I gave them the benefit of the doubt that maybe the other guests were going to show up and say it's ok, put me down.  I come back an hour later and the place is still half empty and then greeted with a snooty comment by the manager asking the hostess "does he even have a reservation?".  

I ignore the comment and sit down, order my meal.  Asked for a few recommendations from the waiter, to which he replied that he didn't know anything about any of the things on the menu.  I felt like I was in Olive Garden asking the high school waiter.  REALLY??  So I picked a few choices.  

Had the Foie Gras, Crab Salad, Lobster bisque, Seabass and Mango Dessert.  You can't mess up Foie Gras.  It was good, not great.  I've had better salads at chain restaurants.  The lobster bisque wasn't bad but a little bitter and had pieces of the claws still in there.  Seabass was a little dry and overdone, but flavoring wasn't so terrible.  Mango dessert was also just ehh.  Just not what you would expect from a Michelin Star place.  

I wouldn't pay this amount of money for such poor service and such average food.  They also lose a star for the pretentiousness.

After I leave, I talk to a few other people at MGM.  I hear that Emeril or Craftwich is supposed to be better.
