mUdalYTuAtnZm2K9zoH27Q Well... It's been about 4 years since I ate here (maybe longer? I was here about 3 weeks after they opened in the MGM). And that was far before I joined the Yelp community. But this place left a lasting impression on me, even if it was in the over glamored Las Vegas setting, which is fun, but annoys me, because they take the bits and pieces of the best parts of the world, and water it down. - That's my take on Vegas in a nutshell (for culture)

Anyway - On to the review:  As I said, I was left with a very strong impression about this place.  Perhaps its because my first "over the top" foamed-gastro experience. 

Looking back, also a bit less educated and interested.  I thought that the foaming of some of my favorite flavors was neat, and interesting, but left a lot of the texture to be desired.  At the time, I also felt that the flavors seemed forced, and were some how lacking.

Looking back at the pictures of the food (I tend to keep a camera handy whenever I'm spending a good amount of cash on a meal) and re-reading some of my comments (again, I've made this a habit... Good or bad, who knows? I'm not a blogger, I just want to remind myself about my meals) I made to myself, and extracting, said flavors, I am realizing that I was just trying to act Jaded, and annoyed.  Really, the flavors were so amazing, and the portions, while small, were affordable enough that we could order 2 or 3 dishes each (actually, I think my buddy ordered 2 and I ordered 5) and not walk away with a stupid expensive bill (we're talking Vegas pricing... So, figure time and a half of what you'd expect to pay for something high end)

Also: I really enjoyed sitting at the counter.  Gave me the Sushi chef experience, which I so love, (but never get outside of Sushi) that you never see in Western Cuisine.  Having the Kitchen wait on you, is a truly a great experience.  I hope more people adopt this practice, even if it costs the guest an additional compensation fee, it really is quite spectacular. Maybe it's just me, but I feel more comfortable asking a cook whose handling my food, what Isinglass is than a full fledged, career server...
