mUdalYTuAtnZm2K9zoH27Q I have mixed feelings about this place and was very hesitant about leaving this less than perfect review after reading so many excellent ones, but then I read the average ones and could not agree more!

Yes, the high expectations could have played a part in it but how could you not after reading about Chef Joel Robunchon, the Michelin stars, etc

We had a reservation for an early dinner so we could catch a show afterwards. The hubby and I shared Menu B which came with 2 appetizers, 2 entrees and a dessert for $80+ and also shared 2 additional small plates (total of $200+ with no alcohol).

For a party of 2, you are seated in their bar overlooking at the Chef and all staff prepare all dishes. There are also tables but they seem to be for larger parties.  I expected a more intimate and romantic experience but then again, seeing all the action in the kitchen was quite interesting.

We started with bread which was very good. I felt like I was eating baguette straight from Paris.

Then the amouse bouche came. It was liquidy with a bit of foei gras. Interesting but not my favorite. 

*Appetizers: we had a King Snapper ceviche which was a bit too tangy/sour and the Spanish tuna belly salad. The Veggies and tomatoes were fresh but the tuna belly had the texture of canned tuna and not raw and buttery as I expected. It also came with quail eggs that were delicious.

*Entrees: we had the duck with figs and the pork with cabbage. The duck was a bit tough and the berry sauce was not as sweet as I would have liked.  The pork with cabbage was good.  For the additional dishes, we had to order the foie gras and the milk fed pork chop. The foie gras was very smooth, unlike any other I have tried before.  However, it just didn't have much of the foie gras taste I have tried in other places.  The milk pork chop was ok, nothing too memorable. The meats lacked a bit of salt, in my opinion, but of course I didn't want to offend the chef by asking for some. The one dish that was very memorable was their mashed potatoes, super creamy and full of flavor.

*Desserts: This could have been the redeeming course since the French are known for pastries. I had a few slices of different flavors of pies and none of them really took my breath away. As a matter of fact, I didn't even finish them. For my bday, they also gave me a chocolate dessert that was very nicely presented and tasted good.

Overall, it's a good experience and the service was impeccable. Our server was very attentive and knowledgeable. However, for the hype and price, I was unfortunately underwhelmed.







5 star experience with 3 star food
