mUdalYTuAtnZm2K9zoH27Q dining 1/12 (saturday 7:30pm at night) -- this is a 1 star michelin rated place. 
cue song: "weeee are never ever getting back together!"

after having once made reservations here and then cancelling due to high prices
we decided to try it at least once... 
hubby made reservations on thursday ... 

called on saturday to confirm. 

"uh, we don't have your name, sir." O______________o bad sign. 
hubby - "just get us in for 7:30pm " ** apparently they were not busy ANYWAY ** 


we got there ... got seated in the bar area (there is table seating too) which wraps around the kitchen so you can see the cooking done. p.s. the chair is annoying, the back comes up to your waist only so you' can't really sit back and the seat is way too deep to lean back. you're sitting like this for 1+hr. 

we opted for the 5 + 3 course menu * i was going to do the discovery menu but .. heck if you can "build your own pre fixe" menu .. way not? besides, i am not a foie gras fan and foie gras was all over that discovery menu. 


red flags: 
1) the man next to us kept sending back his dishes (too raw, too salty)
2) a woman who ordered 15 courses, opted out at course 3
3) waiter did not introduce himself
4) losing our reservation
5) into the meal ... we learn ... THE HEAD CHEF and MANAGER are out ...sous chef was running the place
6) the kitchen crew were bickering amongst themselves
7) lack of energy in the kitchen.. .everyone was practically silent 
8) our plates came at very oddly timed intervals, so took super long to come
9) the quality of fish is NOT fresh. one of my fish plates came and it had this chewy texture to it. we watched them make another person's appetizer (hamachi). hubby immediately knew the fish was not fresh .. deducing my fish was probably not fresh as well. wtf??

the only memorable items were the amuse bouche (foie gras, ironically with parmesan foam), the rotisserie chicken, and the pistachio ice cream souffle. we tried the scalloped potatoes on the house .. and WOW, it's like ingesting BUTTER. the waiter even joked they put lots of butter and a small potato. ick. we could not finish. 

hubby liked the beef cheeks though, and our waiter told us that it had been marinated in a bottle of red wine and then reduced. i appreciated the flavor and texture but the sauce was just TOO intense. 


overall, i was NOT impressed. especially since it's rated.... people come here either 1) know their food or 2) just want to say they went to a fancy restaurant. it feels like all show and no substance. maybe if the exec chef + manager were there it would've been better. 

but... at least the ambiance was cool and hip and people thought we were newlyweds on our honeymoon, so we still had a good time despite the ho-hum experience. :P

"this time... i'm telling you telling youuu weee are never ever ever ever getting back together" .. :P
