mUdalYTuAtnZm2K9zoH27Q Going to L'Atelier was something I had wanted to do for quite awhile. I had never experienced a Joel Robuchon restaurant and was eager to see why he is one of the best chefs in the world. My recent trip to Vegas allowed me to finally see why.

Tagging along for this was a friend of mine who enjoys fine dining as well. We were seated at the famous bar-like seating which surrounds the open kitchen. You can get a view of how the dishes are made and see the choreography of the kitchen at work.

We both tried the $135 Discovery Menu with a couple exceptions. My friend is allergic to shellfish so the "Le Homard" dish (maine lobster in a gele of vegetables topped with a chilled leek soup) was out of the question. I told her one of his signature dishes was the "Les Huitres" (poached baby oysters in Echire butter). She said oysters were OK for her to eat and chose those. 

I had inquired to see if I could substitute the "Le Mangue" dessert (hazelnut cremeux, fresh mango and coffee-caramel streusel) for the "Le Chocolat" (chocolate sensation, cremeux Araguani, Oreo cookie crumbs). Our server said that he could do it but since it's a big dessert dish it would have to substitute both desserts from the Discovery Menu. I had no problem with that.

Everything was exceptional to say the least but the noteworthy dishes were the:

"L'Oeuf" (fried egg with sweet onion cream and smoked salmon) - If I could have this for breakfast everyday I would. Crispy panko breading on the outside, and as you cut into it, a warm and vibrant golden yolk oozes out. The small bits of smoked salmon provides a nice saltiness that counters the richness of the egg.

"Les Huitres" - 3 small oysters packed with tremendous flavor. Extremely fresh and plump. These jewels sat in their shell surrounded by a pool of butter. I only got to have one and was considering getting an order for myself.

"Le Caille" (quail stuffed with foie gras and served with truffled-mashed potatoes) - I wanted to choose this as my main course, but since my friend chose it, I decided to choose the rack of lamb so we could compare dishes. I probably should have chosen this regardless. Delicious foie gras and tender quail. Excellent combination.

"Le Chocolat" - This is for the chocoholics. Chocolate crispies, chocolate mousse, a chocolate disc, chocolate cookie crumbs. Definite chocolate overload. But so sinfully good.

I think L'Atelier is a great environment to dine and interact. We were having good conversations with our server as well as the people next to us. We persuaded the guy next to me to order the Discovery Menu as well and he was impressed with the meal as we were. Service was superb and very accommodating. 

So in your next Vegas trip, set aside about a couple hundred to enjoy a wonderful meal at L'Atelier. You'll definitely feel like you've won even though you lost a paycheck at the tables.
