mUdalYTuAtnZm2K9zoH27Q A truly awesome experience!

Unlike the mansion, L'atelier is a much more casual restaurant coupled with a vibrant and interactive experience where the best seat in the house is actually at the counter!

Our server was warm friendly and helpful with the menu, which included the enticing Seasonal Discovery Tasting Menu. We all decided to go with that with wine pairings and our exhilarating journey began. We were started with an amuse bouche, which was a Parfait of foie gras with Parmesan cream coupled with a glass of Veuve Clicquot Champs.  The flavor profiles were impeccable. Creamy smooth fragrant and indulgent. A spectacular start to our meal.

The breads were warm and fluffy. My personal favorite was the buttery brioche that was flaky, light, and simply delicious. 

The first course was a beautiful Alaskan king crab on a delicate gelee and cream of spiced fresh peas. It was both refreshing and flavorful.

Next up were beautifully seared medallions of buttery diver scallops, which were served with a vibrant shimeji salad that brought out just the right amount of acidity to this wonderful dish.

La Cebette
A crisp white onion tart topped with savory smoked bacon green asparagus and crowned with a perfectly cooked quail egg. 
Easily one of my favorite dishes of the evening.

Seared duck foie gras
Served au torchon, this satisfying dish made me realize why I waited so long to enjoy foie gras in Vegas. Decadently rich, yet infinitely satisfying!

John Dory served with a crisp skin
This beautiful dish was served with a irresistible tomato saffron bouillon sauce that had a subtle earthy, fragrant flavor. 

Free range quail stuffed with foie gras. 
The quail leg was cooked to perfection and the stuffed quail was flavorful and rich.

Hanger steak
With a beautifully pink center and a melt in your mouth texture, this was easily the best cut of steak I had the pleasure to enjoy all weekend! Oh and the accompanying creamy mash potatoes? Like velvet and yes they're ridiculously good as everyone boasts! 

The mango mouse dessert was exemplary! A fantastic finish to our extraordinary meal.
It was cool, smooth creamy and fragrant. A combination quite fitting for any successful dessert 

The final dish was no "also ran" it was as easy on the eyes as it was on the palate. A bright and tantalizing Creme de menthe atop a decadently rich chocolate cake. It truly was a fantastic finale to our inspiring meal.

I can't speak enough about our experience here. Dining at the chef's table was a truly organic experience that involved a lot of interaction with the sommelier and staff on a personal level that made for an unforgettable experience I will cherish for years to come!

Bravo L'atelier!

Happy Eats!
