mUdalYTuAtnZm2K9zoH27Q This meal was supposed to be the highlight of our trip but it fell flat in many ways. I read many positive reviews before coming here but after our experience we do believe it is hyped up. This is a 1 Michelin Star restaurant. Another review incorrectly stated that this was a 3 Michelin Star Restaurant so I want to clarify this. The more expensive Joel Robuchon in Las Vegas has 3 Michelin Stars. 

For this price point I expected a fine dining experience with the atmosphere and service to match but both were not there. The server was a bit too fast at clearing our plates and made us feel a bit rushed as we lingered over the last bite of food on our plate. The surroundings were modern but nothing to admire. It is not an intimate or romantic setting. All couples are seated at the bar elbow to elbow with the person next to you which makes even getting out of your chair difficult for the average person. But let's say you did not come here for the surroundings but for the food. 

We both got the Seasonal Discovery Menu for $195 per person. We sat at the counter so we were able to watch them prepare the food but honestly it looks like nothing more than plating. Most of the food prep looks like it was already done in the back. There is one Asian guy with gelled hair (and no hat) working the grill which was the only thing that looked like cooking. We saw another guy spooning pasta from a saucepan for one of the entrees. Our desserts were prepared in the back. 

I'm not going to go through each course in detail. You can look at my picture of the menu for that but I will mention biggest issues we had with various courses. 

1. Cocktails. Tried 2 different cocktails and both were worse than average. The "High Tea" tasted like watered down oolong tea with no cognac. The "Strawberry"  had rum that was astringent and did not pair well with the fruit. 
2. Jerusalem artichoke with foie gras. The texture and flavor of the artichoke did not pair well with the minimally prepared foie gras. The menu uses foie gras in 3 courses. I'm tired of seeing foie gras on every tasting menu when there is no creativity in its preparation. 
3. Langoustine on saffron rice galette. The seafood was good but the rice galette was oily and missing the aroma and flavor of saffron. 
4. Carbonara with pearl pasta. This dish would have been better with regular pasta noodles instead of overcooked pearl pasta that was not satisfying to eat. 
5. Duck foie gras and chicken entree. The foie gras and chicken was combined into a circular mold and paired with their version of mashed potatoes that basically tasted like you were eating a stick of butter. I understand that French food is rich but we could not even finish the side. 
6. Wagyu beef entree ($55 supplement) This is purely a gripe about the price. I paid $55 extra for this and all I got two pieces of beef. The serving size for this is pretty outrageous. 
7. Weird pacing of the meal. There were long lulls between the courses. We waited 20 minutes in between the last 2 dessert courses. The waiter did not check in on us or even seem to realize so much time had passed. We had to ask him where our dessert was. 

We found problems with more than half the of the tasting menu and could not justify the experience for the price. If you want to try a French inspired tasting menu in Vegas go look at my review for Picasso at Bellagio.
