mUdalYTuAtnZm2K9zoH27Q I hesitated to award five stars to this. I think it should maybe be around 4.75 stars...

But I would not hesitate to recommend this place to -everybody- - I can't imagine anything like this even really exists much outside of Vegas. 

  l'Atelier is the "casual" version of the extremely spendy super-haute-French-gastrosplosion next door (with it's $450 per person 'degustation' meal).  

I admit I was a bit nervous being a walk-in seated at the bar in jeans (and my black Prada shoes - I needed some insurance). The place was packed as often happens when Ka lets out next door. Everybody seemed richer and more cultured than me. Why am I here?

But for the mere sum of $140 - over a two hour period- I witnessed an amazing display of technical precision only matched by the Cirque performers next door. *And* I got to eat the results. And was made to feel comfortable. 

The food was among the best I've ever had in my life. A few of the dishes elicited the "eyes rolling back in my head" reaction (especially one of the desserts, the amuse bouche, the giant slab of foie gras, etc). I will state that other meals (in Vegas - nobu, craftsteak) have elicited an overall higher degree of flavor awesomeness (though arguably at a fraction of the labor cost). But this was incredible because of the inventive and interesting dishes some of which took 10 minutes to plate. 

I would go back in a heartbeat and eat the whole meal again (after fasting a couple of days in advance next time) - but what really blew my mind was the high level of professionalism and teamwork the staff displayed. Seemingly everyone knows how to do every task and does a task whenever it needs to be done. 

Watching people place micro greens or chips of Parmesan on dishes with tweezers is impressive. Watching a guy painstakingly season every leaf in a salad by hand is impressive. But the one time I witnessed a collision (bound to happen - but only saw it once) the two people backed up, then the collider reached over and instantly straightened up the food (which had moved slightly) on the collidees plates. Then they changed direction and instantly continued on their original trajectory. How is this level of teamwork possible? It is rarely found anywhere - not in business, not in sports teams.  I am still astonished. 

Go for the food (they have meals starting at the I-cant-believe-this-covers-the-labor $45!) and stay for the show. You will be glad you did. 

Omfg the food was awesome. Did I mention that?
