mUdalYTuAtnZm2K9zoH27Q As an adult, I often reminisce over the experiences of my youth, my  first kiss, the first time I went to a concert, or heard my favorite band. The rush, the excitement, the innocence of it all. It was invigorating. As we grow older, and learn more and experience more, there are less "firsts". Eventually, it seems, most of us become stuffy critics who seem to lose the ability to appreciate. 

 This was my first truly amazing fine dinning experience. I make no claim of even knowing what i am talking about, but, I can say that this was the best meal I have ever eaten. Surely, that may change, but I will never forget my first. 

I came with my beau. We both ordered the prie fix summer menu, with the wine pairing.  

The meal started with a poached quail egg a'mouse bouche. The creamy yolk mixed well with the other ingredients. I've had quail egg before, but this was the first time I was able to appreciate the rich flavor. 

Next,  les legumes, an assortment of Mediterranean vegetables, roasted, then cooled, piled between buffalo Mozzarella, and some sort of basil cream reduction something. It was delectable. 

The crispy wrapped langoustine, and a basil pesto was served next.  The langoustine was cooked to perfection. 

We found ourselves drunk on wine and giddy over the food, often giggling in disbelief at uniqueness of each dish. 

We ordered off of the small plates menu -  le cebette,  an onion pastry with bacon and asparagus - i believe my port had made it out by this time, as the entree was next. It paired well with the savory onion flavor.

For the main dish, I had the braised pork belly with confit sweet onion, and mashed potatoes. This was by far my favorite dish. I kept  re-creating the experience and flavor in my head on the ride back from Vegas. It was immaculate. The sweet onion complimented the park belly in the most exquisite way! 

These plates were small, ut by the time we finished our main course, we were almost full. we were served plates of imported cheese next, with three artisan breads. After that, the desert, an assortment of flavored ice cream and sorbet - the pistachio was my favorite. 

During the meal, we sat at the bar, and were able to watch the chefs prepare the food. The decor is modern, and there are fresh vegetables and food on display. The restaurant is dark, small and intimate. I would definitely go back. expensive, but worth it!!!!
