mUdalYTuAtnZm2K9zoH27Q Went here in November with 5 of my friends.  Would have liked to sit at the bar, but it wouldn't have worked out very well with six people.  Instead, we got a table that was perfectly sized and shaped for a party our size.

We ordered the 5-course Club menu, plus one of the small plates for each of us, served before the main course.

Amuse-bouche, foie gras/parmesan cheese/port wine parfait:  Pretty tasty.  Creamy, with a really strong parmesan flavor.  I'm not really a fan of foie gras, though.  Served on a lava rock. 

Pumpkin/ginger soup:  Ginger apparently goes great with pumpkin.  It was perfect.  Served in a martini glass/mini-fishbowl combo, with some miniature squash.

Langoustine fritter with pesto:  Probably my favorite dish.  The langoustine was perfectly fried, really tender and slightly sweet.  I would consider getting this a la carte, where it's available as both a small plate and a main course.

Venison small plate:  This is what I ordered.  It tasted fine, but not really worth it IMHO.

Sea scallop small plate:  A single scallop, served in shell, on a bed of sea salt, on top of a lava rock.  Great presentation.  My friend ordered this, and I had a little sliver of it.  Went very well with the seaweed butter, sweet, with a nice melt-in-your-mouth sort of quality.  

My other friends ordered the foie gras and the foie gras-stuffed quail.  I didn't try either, but the latter was reportedly very good.

Beef:  Beef cheek braised for 36 hours in red wine.  This was my main course.  It was flavorful, juicy, and ridiculously tender.  I liked this one better than the other main course, which was the salmon.  The main course came with a little dish of mashed potatoes, which were really, really creamy.  We tried to convince one of my friends that it was foie gras.  But we failed.

Cheese plate:  Three really tasty cheeses.  It was supposed to come with some bread.  Unfortunately, the bread came out 15 minutes late, and only after we reminded the waiter.  The bread was really good, but unfortunately I had already eaten most of the cheese by the time we got it.  Oops.

Dessert:  I got a plate with cutesy little slices of five different tarts:  Swiss, raspberry, lemon (with gold leaf!), "snickers," and chocolate.  Really liked the Swiss and chocolate ones.  The other choice was five cutesy little scoops of gelato.  I had some of the pistachio, which my friend failed to finish.  It was amazing and sublimely pistachioey.

The meal also came with a large amount of bread and butter.  Wasn't a huge fan of the bread; it was in smallish, pointy rolls with a very high crust/inside ratio.  The butter, however, was amazing.

The whole process took us four hours, from 8pm to midnight, when we decided to hit the MGM penny slots.  We broke exactly even.

The bill for the six of us, including a $150 bottle of wine, was just over $1,000.  Putting it on my credit card was probably at least partly responsible for the credit line increase that I got the following month.

Overall, the food was excellent, but it wasn't *that* special.  For the most part, the service was very helpful, except for a couple of hitches with getting drinks and bread.

I liked that the ambiance was rather casual, considering the calibre of the restaurant.
