mUdalYTuAtnZm2K9zoH27Q Sorry fans, L'Atelier didn't live up to the hype. Yes, I agree it's very enjoyable sitting at the counter watching the chefs at work, it really was food as theater. But when the beautiful food reached my taste buds they were sadly disappointed.

We opted for our own selection of small plates instead of the tasting menu because there were a few options that I knew we would not like. Just a personal thing, I like neither salmon nor pork bellies.

First the bread came out. Good, but nothing special. Then an amuse bouche was served. Others have described this shotglass of foie gras, port wine reduction, and foam topping as flavorful and savory. I thought it was tasteless and murky. My wife made a sour face and put her shot glass on my plate. We weren't the only ones who didn't enjoy this as we watched each new set of diners who were seated near us do the same thing: take a taste, make a face, pass it to their partner. 

Next we had the Mediterranean vegetables layered with buffalo mozzarella. Again a pretty little stack on the plate, but rather bland. Extra credit for the basil reduction that decorated the plate. Very tasty.

King crab on a turnip disc looked great. We watched the chef assemble this with what appeared to be tweezers because the turnip discs were so paper-thin. Again the problem was with the taste, as in there was no taste to it. The crab piece was so small in this creative presentation that it added no flavor. 

What did taste good? 
The onion tart was light, flaky, and sweet.

Maine lobster in a ring of macaroni and a light cream broth. Excellent presentation with the penne pasta standing up in the broth like a stockade fence surrounding the lobster pieces. The broth had great flavor. Enjoyed dipping the bread in it. 

Foie Gras ravioli. The ravioli had a very smooth taste that filled my mouth with wonderful flavor and washed down well with the excellent chicken herb broth. 

We passed on dessert, but they brought us a sample tray of 5 treats as a way to wish us a happy anniversary. Each one was terrific, and saved the night for us, or rather for me since I picked this restaurant. 

So why do I rate L'Atelier less than 5-stars? I expected the best and didn't get it from every course. Also service was less than stellar. Why would they start to take away plates without asking if we were done? This same person took away our bread before we finished our entree without asking if we were done. May seem like a minor thing, but again not what you would expect from a Michelin-star restaurant.

Two other nit-picky things that just added to the irritation of the experience: If diners are expecting to watch the chefs at work, why do they have tacky decorations blocking the view? I mean jars of beans and rows of fruit that don't even look real. The couple next to us had a giant bowl of glass beads in front of them so they were straining to look over or around it. Even the waiter had to reach around it to serve their food. I mean, what's the point? Clear the view! Second item, we sat near the sliding door that separates the dining room from the casino. Every time they left the slider open, we suffered with a cold breeze and a blast of noise from the casino. Maybe they should enclose the hostess stand to give the casino more separation and eliminate the draft?
