mUdalYTuAtnZm2K9zoH27Q I am no longer fanatic about foie gras. Ever since my acquisition of the French house, I find foie gras consumption to be just not as nearly exotic as before, not even after California lost its license to serve such things. Maybe it's because familiarity breathes content, just like a marriage. 

L'Atellier de Joel Robuchon pays homage to Robuchon's homeland by inserting foie gras in just about everything. It started with an amuse bouche that is a palate cleanser but with foie gras on the the bottom. A bit heavy but okay, it's what's known for here. Foie Gras stuffed quail was what interested me, it was also unusual because quail is not something you get elsewhere much. On the prix fix menu, salmon was good and so was the pork belly.

It's a Michelin star restaurant. The price tag was jaw-droppingly expensive. Even then reservation was difficult to come by. We grabbed the last seating at 10:30 and the restaurant closed at 11.

Food aside, the server was interesting. He looked quite a lot like a grad student majored in biochemistry, and he had that indescribable accent that you often hear from Ibiza's nightclubs: you wonder if he's some German DJ trying to rid of his German accent to sound like an American, or an American DJ trying to speak with a continental English accent to try to blend in. He turned out to be from St. Louis Missouri.  

Like most of those fancy pants restaurants, you get your order taken on an iPad. Drinks are delicious but also extremely expensive, as in Saison and Per Se expensive. Be aware.

Price aside, the ambience was great. The thing about Robuchon is that he's famous. Extremely famous. I could not get into the only three Michelin star restaurant, by the same chef, of course. As a second cousin to its three starred Michelin restaurant, L'Atelier is more casual, and thus it felt a bit more intimate and less stuffy than its glammed up cousin next door.

Be prepared to people watch like I did. I love love watching people in these fancy pants restaurants dropping a couple of hundred dollars each. Quite an interesting social study, especially when the said restaurant is in Vegas.

Come sometime, bring your hottest, most deserving date. She/he will be suitably impressed. I had the oddest dream after eating here, I dreamed an old boyfriend brought me here, and he proposed. When I woke up I was having a panic attack, I realized that no matter how good the restaurant was, marriage proposals can still induce a near heart attack for a commitment-phobe like me.
