mUdalYTuAtnZm2K9zoH27Q I have been going to l'atelier de joel robuchon since it opened at the MGM and each time get better and better. I have been to the Paris and NY locations many times but the LV restaurant is far superior. 

The service (starting from the lovely host stand) to all the wait staff is top notch and clearly trained by a master. It makers for the most pleasant experience and environment. 

The service starts with a offering of champagne or wines by the glass that are wonderful. The wine list is extensive and filled a nice assortment of French, Napa, and some new world. We started off with glasses of delamotte champagne, that was really nice and dry and then had 1s cru burgundy and Sancerre. All were exquisite and perfectly paired. 
 
Food-wise, they always start you off with when he homemade breads and real French butter that you basically want to bathe in. That's alway a highlight to Amy JR restaurant. The amuse buche follows that up and it's whipped foie gros with some red wine reduction. I don't really enjoy it and it's the one item that could be changed as they have been serving it for waaay to long. 

The menu is split up into 2 large seasonal tasting menus, ala carte menus and then smaller pre fix menus that are lower prices and easier for 1st time guest.  I highly recommend choosing from the ala carts menus as the best of the best are on that portion. 

What we ordered today were the langoustines that are wrapped in fill dough with micro basil inside. To say this is the most delicious langoustine you will ever eat, is an understatement. It's mindblowingly melt in your mouth.  

Then we always get the Iberico ham with the side of crostini that they put micro basil and tomato. Its the perfect amount of acid for all the fatty pork goodness. Holy smokes!! Once you taste real Iberico ham, you won't go back. 

We also had the smoke salmon with the potato and chèvre cheese that also has some bitter greens and horseradish. It was a beautifully deconstructed latke with salmon....I couldn't eat it fast enough!

We then followed up with hang steaks and they new mushroom dish that for any vegetarian, this would be faultless. The meatiness of the mushrooms with the butter sauce and greens were unbelievable. The hanger was good and we had it before, but not as special as the other dishes. Both of those came with the famous JR potatoes. I can barely eat them anymore but if you have never gone, you must try. It's his most famous dish (everywhere you taste something similar now, know it's a copy from here). It's basically mash potato mousse but the ratio to better and potatoes is 50/50...crazy, but oh so good. 

For dessert, we wanted something light and had the mango mousse with homemade coconut sorbet. Perfect palate cleanser. 

Like I said before, I have been a huge fan of JR four about 15yrs now have gone to many of his locations , including next door at his flag ship and this is by far my favorite. Patrick, our usual server couldn't be better and more professionally and Oscar, the waiter and busser is the best!

I can't recommend enough for special occasions, but try to go for anytime and don't feel insecure about just ordering a few dishes to share and try. It's a wonderful experience and something that you don't see often enough anymore.
