mUdalYTuAtnZm2K9zoH27Q Food is good (not amazing), service is inconsistent and at one point deceptive.  

The food is a less fancy version of the main restaurant next door, so if you like "new" French cuisine, you'll enjoy this place.  I like traditional French cuisine with big, rich, and deep flavors, so I was not amazed by the food.  

On the food end there isn't much to complain about except that the foie gras course was lost in the soup.  That course needs to be reworked.

The service at this place needs retraining. When you pay a certain amount for a meal, you expect a minimum level of service which was not met in the following ways.

1. The foie gras course was described as ravioli to me and then as tortellini to the couple next to me.

2. My turbot course was visually smaller than the portion recieved by the couple next to me.  The server assured me that it was the same portion because everything gets weighed out, but even if this were the case, why would you serve a visually inconsistent dish to to someone sitting next to a couple eating 2 visually standard portions?  Since I sat at the bar area I observed several turbot courses being plated and mine was the only ine that was nonstandard.  The couple to my left got 2 standard portions and I ordered before them!

3. The couple to my right was served salmon with a different preparation instead of turbot without being informed that they ran out of turbot.  Apparently my nonstandard piece was the last one.  The chef did provide them with an extra dish of dover sole as compensation though.  

4. They made me wait about 10 minutes after I finished my last course (dessert) before asking if I received the dessert yet, then the server asked if wanted coffee or the check.  They even set a spoon in front of me to make me believe that something was coming.  The waiter then played it off like he made me wait because he didn't want to make a mistake since he almost served the wrong dish before.  If you screwed up and forgot about me just own up to it!

Bottom line 3.5/5 for food 2/5 for service.
