2gUbgbdJ7IFSbicBXlSchw I am so glad that I don't have to deal with going to Paris to experiance this level of gastronomy.  Every bad review I have read about this place seems to come from people who claim to be New Yorkers - I haven't put a connection yet as to why but for the moment if your mail gets sent to zip code 10001 through 10282 and you summer on hampton beach, you might want to stay away from this place or risk comparing it to all the way more fabulous places in Tribeca and Soho.  All kidding aside L'Express is everything that it should be and nothing that it should'nt. On the two ocasions I have been service has been phenominal both from servers and bartenders.  That was also one of the chief complaints about this place - I haven't experianced it and I don't see how unless it was busy and someone was camping out and not realizing it.  Lets get to brass tacks... Food - Phenominal! Best Steak frites in Montreal, excellant thick hanger steak cooked to perfection (seared on the outside and mooing on the inside) with a rich herb butter: frites were also amazing, medium cut not to thin not too thick and not greasy at all.  Salad was perfect as an app and I was able to try the Ravioli of the day (house made) and it too was perfection.  So far I have only tried one wine on their list and thats all I have to.  One of the bartenders put me on to Brunel De La Gardine 2007 Cotes Du Rhone - modestly priced but it breaks the mold for young Cotes Du Rhone (in my humble opinion).  They tell me that there is an exclusive agreement between express and the Brunel house in France - meaning this isnt available anywhere else in N.America, currently I spend my time on the internet and in wine shops around the tristate area trying to make that NOT SO. Back to topic - For Dessert they have the typical brassarie faire of truffles and flans, my table elected the Chocolate truffles sold individually.  The concentrated chocolate flavor of one was enough to satisfy me as a molton chocolate cake, with alot less fuss.  A few things to think of before you go.. make a reservation because they are busy every night; get the bone marrow because they ran out of it last time I was there and I know it must be good;  go for wine, because liquour pours are typically measured as is standard in Montreal; try to get a drink at the bar and chat up the staff and bartenders - they are very friendly and helpful, even so far as to recomend other resturants for your trip. I love this place and I want to sublet a table for an entire summer!
