mUdalYTuAtnZm2K9zoH27Q Attending SEMA we weren't quite dressed for Joel Robuchon next door. But it ended up being the best way to go having to "settle" for L'Atelier as we were able to have the fixed 9 course tasting menu and several tasting size portions and so way we were able to try  much more of the menu! We loved, and I do mean LOVED every moment of our dinner. Eddie our server was wonderful to explain every plate, how to eat it, and best of all he was helpful but not pushy with recommendations for what would best suit our taste needs as much of the menu was new to us. Will had the 9 courses, and was perfect to share, along side my 3 appetizers and dessert. While I won't recite each item we had (though I could out of fondness and happy memories), I will tell you that we whole heartedly agreed on our top three items....do not miss these (even if you think you don't like something. as we believed we did not like uni, we were MISTAKEN!) 1) the amuse bouche with parmesan foam, a red wine reduction and foie gras on the bottom layer 2) the straight up seared foie gras (do not forget to eat the cranberries...yum) 3) hamachi ravioli with uni filling....de -freakling-lecktalbe. Oh and the mashed potatoes...well OMG, they are TO DIE FOR! This dinner was all about the little details, from freshly made bread and croissants, to fresh silverware and warm plates for each round, and the beautiful carbon steak knives. And did I mention the service was AMAZING! And our dessert was delectable, from the Chantilly cake to the most delectable blueberries we've EVER had, alongside the most delicious cherry sorbet (the sorbet of any flavor is NOT to be missed) and the chocolate temptation was just that, deliciously chocolatey and wonderful. Loved the gold touches on top. It was so much fun to be able to sit and watch the kitchen and the intricacy that each plate was created with. We BOTH left saying it was the "best meal I've ever had in my life!" No doubt we will have fond memories of this dinner for a long time; I'm still thinking about it with a giant smile on my face. Can't wait for SEMA next year, just so I can eat here again!!!!
