mUdalYTuAtnZm2K9zoH27Q Our party of 4 booked a reservation here over a month in advance and when we arrived, L'Atelier made a mistake and booked us for the day after. They were fully booked for the night and did not want to accommodate us even though we could see that there were open tables in the restaurant. When we asked about one of the open tables, they lied and said it was for a big party of 6 and later gave it to a party of 3 which apparently knew someone at the restaurant. When we asked the hostess about it, she made up a bs excuse about moving the larger party to the back of the restaurant especially since there weren't any new diners that entered the restaurant. If we did not have a show to get to in the mgm, we definitely would not have dined here since they apparently were not willing to accommodate us. When we asked to speak to the manager, they said she was busy in the back. Shortly after, we were seated by the bartender in the back of the restaurant, the manager never came by and avoided us for the rest of the night. Our server/bartender suggested that we would only have enough time to order 2-3 dishes before our show (1 hour 15 min) so we did just that. 

I had:

L'amuse bouche - Foie gras parfait with port wine and parmesan foam.
kuushi oysters  
foie gras ravioli
foie gras stuffed quail

All the dishes were decent but nothing extraordinary that warranted the prices. We were hoping the food and service would make up for the bad experience we had earlier on in the evening but it also disappointed. When my wife was halfway through her foie gras, the waiter brought the toast out and said "more toast?", she never got toast in the first place. We were served our last dish 10 min before our show time. One of the diners in our group was only able to finish 1/4 of her dish before we had to leave.

All through the night, there was no apology, nothing to make up for mixing up our reservation. We were treated more like a nuisance than guests. I do not know how L'Atelier got any michelin star for treating their customers the way they did but it can only last so long on Joel Robuchon's name. 

Coming from the bay area, I have had my share of eating at a number of fine dining establishments (fleur de lys, gary danko's, french laundry...etc) and L'Atelier has been by far the worst experience I have had at any restaurant. They have lost customers for life and they are officially on my blacklist and I don't think they care judging from the treatment we got. I'm glad I didn't have time to plop down a few hundred dollars on the tasting menu to find out. 

Save your money and head over to the restaurants in the Venetian (Delmonico's, Aquaknox, or B & B). They all know how to treat their customers and they have better food!
