mUdalYTuAtnZm2K9zoH27Q I wish there were more stars because this restaurant is worthy of many more. Hands down, best dining experience I've ever had.

We decided on the seasonal discovery tasting menu and wine pairing and were absolutely blown away. The service, presentation, creativity, quality, and the total overall dining experience was phenomenal. A huge thing for me is being able to taste the love in the food, and here you could not only taste the love but could see the love being put into the meticulous creation of each dish. 

We loved all of the dishes, but there were two that left us licking our plates and wanting more:

Foie Gras Parfait- the parmesan emulsion and the richness of the foie gras made this exceptional! 

Quail- one of the best dishes I've ever had. Stuffed with foie gras. Amazing. 

Everything was incredible but one of the servers said it perfectly when helping me to decide between the steak and Quail; the steak is amazing, but you can order steak anywhere. The steak WAS amazing, and cooked perfectly. But, the Quail is unlike anything you've ever had. 

The desserts were simply incredible. The strawberry mousse was so fresh and light and the Le Chocolat...best chocolate cake I've ever had! So light, moist. 

Love the open concept and being able to watch the chefs and cooks prepare the meals. Each plate is meticulously created and won't be brought out until perfected. We even watched one of the cooks hold off on sending the dish out until he fixed the position of a garnish. All dishes are works of art.

The wine pairings were also incredible. The sparking rose was one of the most unexpected, delicious pairings of the night!

The servers were all friendly and especially towards the end of the night and as the restaurant cleared out, we were able to chat with them a bit more. It's hard to find a restaurant with a perfect balance of service and food, and here it was exceptional all around.

Thank you for this wonderful, unforgettable experience. We cannot wait until the next time we're in Vegas to come back!
