mUdalYTuAtnZm2K9zoH27Q This was an experience.  The restaurant.  The staff.  And of course the food.  Even before sitting down at our table, my mouth was watering.  I couldn't wait to see what kind of imagination and culinary mastery was about to be unleashed upon us.  From the amazing bread basket to the french pressed coffee, it was perfect.  

Whenever I go to restaurants by world class chefs that we don't have back home in Hawaii, I like to go for the sampling/seasonal menu.  We all opted for the seasonal discovery menu.

We had L'amuse Bouche to start off the flavor explosions.  It was foie gras with a foam on top served in a shot glass.  This was my favorite.  The foie gras was so creamy.  The foam had a lot of taste.  You'd think the foam wouldn't but this one did.  Hit me with more shots!

Next was Le Crabe Royale.  Like a deluxe chunky crab salad between two thinly sliced turnip disc.  And a very very tasty sauce.  Nice.

La Saint-Jacques was up next.  A sea scallop in a chive oil/sauce.  Very sweet and perfectly cooked.  Clean.  

La Cebette, a white onion tart with smoked bacon and asparagus.  

The next one that came out, I don't recall the name here, was like a mushroom soup on steroids.  I liked this one very much.  it had a lightly poached egg underneath and when the yolk burst, it just made it become richer in taste and feel.  

La Sole was a dover sole with leek and ginger.  I really liked this one.  The fish was prepared perfectly.  Firm but not mushy.  A little bit of a crust to give a textural contrast.  The leeks and ginger complimented the fish nicely.

The next course was a choice between a quail stuffed with fois gras or a hangar steak.  I got the steak and my wife got the quail and we switched half-way through the dish.  You can't compare the two so if you go, go with a partner so you can sample both.

The two desserts were totally different but both winners.  One was a cool refreshing mojito inspired ice/ice cream.  Tasted like a mojito and very light and tart.  Kinda refreshing after all the different flavors we had just tasted.  The second one was a hazlenut kind if cake.  Layers of chocolate and hazlenut mousse I believe.  What it was, it was rich and tasty.  Sorry, I didn't get the name of these dishes.

Like the name says, this is Chef Robuchon's workshop.  He put out some really nice and exciting dishes.  Ones that I would have never dreamed of.  Staff and service were very helpful and informative.  Big ups all around for this place.
