mUdalYTuAtnZm2K9zoH27Q What do I rate a restaurant that serves exquisite, almost perfectly prepared food that has nary a surprising twist for me along the way, cost an arm, a leg, a kidney, spleen, and my firstborn, but that I can't remember with much definition a year later? Probably five stars for the majority of patrons. There is no doubt they earn their stellar reviews here, this is about perfect for anyone looking for traditional haute cuisine French.  Please keep that in mind as you read this. On a purely technical level, taking out cost and innovation, this is fabulous. If you're looking for that, you can't go wrong here.

Finding ourselves in Vegas for a distant relatives wedding over our anniversary weekend this past May, I decided to go all in for the highest rated restaurant I could find in the city, that wouldn't completely bankrupt me. Joel Robuchon, the French chef of zee century, has two world class options on the strip, including his namesake immediately next door, that is so extravagant that a meal costs north of what I take home in a month. It's black sheep sibling L'atelier is more moderate, if you can call a $500+ meal moderate. (if you can, I need a benefactor post haste.)

L'atelier is casual. I must admit I'm more enamored of the decor than the actual food. Gleaming and modern, stunning Chinese reds, deep blacks and shining chrome everywhere sounds over the top but it's oh so very cool. Service is exceptional and understated as should be expected. Sitting at the counter we got to watch the choreography of the kitchen, though the staff is so precise and quick there really wasn't much to watch. Hell's Kitchen this isn't. 

One of the parameters I rate restaurants by is cost to quality ratio. While well heeled diners might not blink at this type of bill, it's a reach for us, a splurge and I need it to make unforgettable memories to be worth the outlay. We eat out so much that perfectly prepared dishes just aren't enough to mesmerize me. I want something I haven't experienced previously.

We ordered the Seasonal Discovery menu at $159. It's a substantial meal, consisting of six savory dishes after the initial foie gras parfait and ending with two dessert plates. Not to be forgotten, some of the best bread you'll find anywhere. Every course served my wife and I looked at each other and agreed it was delicious. Yet somehow by the end

The confit of Mediterranean vegetables was light and delightful but nothing remarkable for a carnivore.

Poached baby Kusshi oysters were fabulous, delectable bites. Wish there were a few more of them, but the tiny duo were a highlight.

So were the langoustines in green curry and coconut milk that followed. If not uniquely prepared, they were the pinnacle of the menu. Among the best I've experienced.

The white onion tart with bacon and a quail egg mirror was nice if I remember correctly, but it didn't make a lasting impression. Neither did the John Dory with baby leeks in a buttery shellfish sauce. Perfectly prepared but again lost in memory by time and more interesting plates since then. 

A foie gras stuffed quail with mashed potatoes was also technically brilliant but nothing markedly different from many quail dishes over the years save the obvious technical brilliance the kitchen has. 

French style hanger steak was fantabulous. Though it was just a simple dish, the meat quality was amazing. For sure the best quality hanger steak I've had. 

Caramel panna cotta was nice but rather mundane for this level dining. I was expecting crazy good desserts but these were oddly pedestrian even as they were tasty, though the finale of fresh black berries with chocolate cake was very good. 

By the end it all added up to an expensive experience of excellence, but (and there is a but), looking back on the way out there was a sense of disappointment. Maybe we were expecting a transcendent meal, considering the stature of Robuchon, instead of just technical prowess. I've had better meals before, and many since then. When all is said and done the evening doesn't make my top ten all time dinners, maybe not even my top twenty which is odd, considering everything was flawless.

Best Plates: poached Kusshi Oysters, Langoustines, hanger steak, foie gras stuffed quail

Palate: French mainstream haute cuisine

Food - A
Ambience - A+
Service - A+
Value - B+
