mUdalYTuAtnZm2K9zoH27Q We had dinner at L'Atelier last night, and it was a complete disappointment. If you are looking to spend upward of 1K on dinner, I suggest that you go to another restaurant instead. 

I made our dinner reservation three weeks in advance, and asked for counter seating. I was told it would be no problem. I also called the day before our dinner to confirm our reservation and once again were told it would counter seating. When we arrived at the restaurant 15 mins prior to our reserved, we were told that we can't sit at the counter and they can only give us a table. I explained to the hostess that I had just confirmed our seating the day prior. She was very rude and just threw up her hands and told us there was nothing she can do. The restaurant was completely empty at the time. I asked to speak to a manager. A guy with a red tie came out and stood right in front of me checked the computer screen, after ignoring us for a good 2 minutes. He told us seats are never guaranteed. He also proceeded to lecture both my husband and I that if we sit at the counter, another party wouldn't be able to eat at the restaurant tonight at all. His tone was incredibly obnoxious. We never raised our voices to either the whole time, if I this restaurant weren't so highly rated, we would walked away for sure. He finally did give us counter seats, but by that time,  he had managed to ruin a good part of our dinner experience already. I kept worrying about if another group were not going to be able to dine there because like he lectured, but the restaurant was never full the entire time we were there (6pm-9pm), there were always tables and counters available. The counter seats we did get were right by the entrance, so it was rather loud and my entire view of the kitcken were blocked by the corner decorations in the kitchen. 

I would not have given the restaurant a one star rating if the dishes were outstanding. We had the discovery menu and menu B. We got to try quite a few dishes that night. They were so underwhelming, I don't understand the 5 star rating on yelp. I was particularly disappointed at their signature dish- La Caille quail with foie gras served with mashed potatoes. It wasn't even good, barely warm to the touch and pretty bland. They also managed to over cook a fish dish I had. I can't pick out a single dish that stood out to me on the entire discovery menu. 

Our server was pleasant and the presentations were nice. But given the bad service we encountered at the door and the mediocre food.  This is no way of deserving a michelin star. The few other michelin starred places we have been to in LA, SF and Japan are far superior in both service and food.  I can't believe I picked this place to waste that much money.
