mUdalYTuAtnZm2K9zoH27Q For my 4 days in Vegas I carefully contemplated where to dine and set on L'Atelier which was my best dining experience so far this year.  The decor is perfect- modern, open kitchen, very sophisticated without any stuffiness, and spick-and-span clean- no odors or smoke coming out of the kitchen.  Service was perfect.  

I am not a mojito person but the raspberry mojito here is luscious- maybe because they add Chambord?  

The amuse-bouche is exceptional- fois gras with parmesan and port- I could eat at least 3 of these! 

One of my favorite dishes was the quail stuffed with fois gras and the mashed potatoes are delicious.  Kampachi was excellent except I don't like capers, same story with the steak tartar.  I can't remember having better oysters- the ones here are exquisite!

John Dory was great, main lobster was delicious including the broth although the macaroni was nothing special- tasted like package macaroni. Langoustine was excellent and despite it being a fritter you don't get that fried taste at all.  Pork belly is tasty although can get a bit fatty after a few bites.  The spaghetti is a carbonara- it's very good quality but the ingredients don't differ fro a standard carbonara so I would recommend trying the other dishes first.  

Framboise dessert was lovely- white chocolate fondant with raspberries and the Pina Colada is a wonderful light option that comes in a glass with "poppers" that explode in your mouth.  I happened to be sitting next to an MGM manager who sent over Les Tartes which was absolutely delicious- an assortment of mini pastries, most of them ethereal and a lovely home made taste.  A couple next to me was celebrating an anniversary and their petit four plate  had "Happy Anniversary" written with raspberry coulis- very pretty!  Ate here several times over the past few days and can't wait to return.  For all you Vegas gourmandes- I would pick L'Atelier over Picasso any day!!

Towards the end of my meal Mr Robuchon himself showed up and introduced himself.  It was very inspiring to be in his presence; I feel lucky to have had the pleasure of conversing with him and receiving a signed copy of his cookbook.  I also had a chance to visit the main restaurant which is simply/stunning/sophisticated/ classical/modern/ baroque/serene all at once.
