mUdalYTuAtnZm2K9zoH27Q Top ten meal of all time, would definitely recommend but with one caveat: it's also one of the most expensive meals I've ever had.

We ordered the tasting menu with the "standard" wine pairing. Did not regret the wine pairing at all, poured by either the sommelier or the waiter, both were very knowledgeable about the wine and gave a breakdown of why it went with the food as well as grape varietal, country, vineyard, etc etc.

The best part of the menu is how much truffle is incorporated into every dish, which probably explains the cost. Almost every dish had truffle slices or shavings on top, I was in heaven.

Started with an awesome amuse-bouche, it looked sweet but was oh so savory. A Parmesan foam that was awesomely cheesy/nutty covered a foie gras mousse that was the definition of umami. Accented with a port wine reduction that cut through the richness very well and I swear there was a hint of truffle goodness that I can only describe as orgasmic.

Second was a salad dish consisting of pieces of Jerusalem artichoke (a sort of root vegetable, like celery root almost but sweeter), foie gras and truffle shavings. Very crisp and refreshing but also savory thanks to the liver.

Third was a sea scallop cooked to perfection, tender and juicy, not a bit tough, with a citrus butter sauce.

Fourth was a langoustine (like a prawn) on a saffron rice galette, basically a fried rice cake but it was very nice, much more savory then the previous dish, and the saffron was a great complement to the langoustine.

Next was one of my favorite courses, a pearl pasta carbonara; bacon morsels and creamy egg yolk made this a pleasure for texture and flavor eaters both.

The first of the larger meat dishes was a halibut filet that was layered with truffle and celery root "scales." It was visually appealing as well as delicious, the celery root echoed the Jerusalem artichoke from earlier in the meal and continued a very pleasant theme of slightly sweet, slightly savory well balanced and well thought out flavor that truly felt like a story being told rather than just a bunch of different dishes served in succession.

For the main dish I broke with my usual and opted for the chicken over the beef, but only bc I wanted to continue down the foie gras and truffle rabbit hole I had started on. It was served as a medallion with half roasted chicken and half foie gras, the fattiness of the liver contrasted well with the leaner meat of the chicken breast, but honestly the chicken was cooked so perfectly it's not like it really needed anything to go with it.

Desert had two courses, a nice light refreshing course of a sort of cream covered sorbet followed by a sort of modern Sunday which was covered in hot chocolate at tableside.

All in all it was a perfect night, we sat at the bar and watched our food being prepared, the wait staff was super quick, attentive and everything you'd expect from a Michelin star rated restaurant. I suspect if the Michelin man still came to town they'd probably get another star added. If you have a special occasion and some (okay, a lot) of extra coin, I'd recommend this place for certain.
