mUdalYTuAtnZm2K9zoH27Q Let's just put it this way: I've dined at some pretty good restaurants over the past few years, and L'Atelier is what convinced me to join Yelp and start writing reviews.

My boyfriend and I went to Vegas for my birthday this past weekend and made reservations at L'Atelier for Sunday night. The restaurant offered four different options - a prix fixe tasting menu for $148; an a la carte menu of small plates (you're supposed to choose three to five for a full meal); an "American" a la carte menu with large entrees and appetizers; and a special winter tasting menu promotion. 

At $75 for five courses, we couldn't pass up the winter tasting menu aka recession special. The meal started with the foie gras amuse bouche that other Yelpers have raved about - and OH MY GOD it was melt-in-your-mouth delicious. 

The winter tasting menu began with a tower of grilled vegetables interspersed with buffalo mozzarella, which was simple but very tasty. The second course was a langoustine fritter served with a basil pesto sauce and some greens; we didn't know what a langoustine was, so the server explained that it's like a prawn that tastes like a lobster, which was a spot-on description. The main entree was either a choice of sea bass or beef, though our server let me sub in the free-range quail stuffed with foie gras and served with truffled mashed potatoes for free. I'm so glad I did this - it was definitely the best quail I've had in my life (not that I've had that many) and was much better than my boyfriend's sea bass, which was good but not great. The fourth course was a cheese plate that came with three large slices of cheese (one cow's milk, one sheep's milk and one goat's milk). We ended our meal with the dessert course, which was a choice of either a plate of tarts or an assortment of sorbets; I got the sorbets and my boyfriend got the tarts - both were excellent. 

The service was great and it was really cool to be able to watch the chefs work in the kitchen. With a glass of wine each, our total bill including tax and tip came to about $220. Even though that's still pretty pricey for dinner, we thought it was a fantastic value for what we got. Definitely a very memorable birthday dinner and one of the best meals of my life!
