mUdalYTuAtnZm2K9zoH27Q Took the BF here for dinner after our 7:00pm showing of Ka! :D Ahhh, what a romantic date. Kind of. Heheheh the atmosphere was sophisticated, yet casual. It's awesome to see the chefs at work while waiting for your food and eating your food. Servers are charming and happy. Some of the food wasn't the best I've ever tasted, but it was still very delicious!

I'm so lazy with all the names so I'll just copy and paste everything I tried from the restaurant website. haha.

L'AMUSE-BOUCHE
l'avocat rafraichi d'une fine gelée de pamplemousse à la coriandre
Avocado and cilantro flavored grapefruit gelee 
-- This one just tasted funky. I didn't think the flavors went well with each other.

Le Foie Gras
Eel and Foie Gras Terrine with Sweet Hibiscus Flower
-- I don't know about others but I think this one was too intense for me. It's so riiiiiich you MUST eat it with the Hibiscus flower. It was the first time I've ever tried foie gras and I don't know if I can handle the second time lol.... kind of scared... It was good though, but I'm still scared.

La Langoustine
dans une papillote croustillante au basilic
Crispy Langoustine Fritter with Basil Pesto
-- I LOVE THIS ONE!!! MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM LANGGGGOOOUSTIIIIIIIINEEE MY BABY!!! It was wrapped with an eggroll wrap or something and then deep fried? I don't know, but I love it! I LOVE SEAFOOD!! AND DEEPFRIED FOOD! nommie noms.

Le Saint Pierre
à là plancha, accommodé d'une fricassée de soupions
John Dory Filet à la Plancha with Baby Octopus
-- I loved the John Dory, I thought it was really good. It was so hearty and meaty and the flavors all went so well together. The octopus was super tender as if it was not cooked thoroughly, but still yums. I wish there were more veggies on this dish, very good! One thing I didn't like about this dish was the tomato. It was all tangy, sweet, sour, just weird tasting to me.

Le Veau
en paillard et sa roquette acidulée
Veal Piccata Served with Arugula Salad
--Oh yummm! So tender and delicious! The salad also made this dish very refreshing!! This was BFs dish so I wasn't able to try a lot of it.. I was also really full from my fish dish :)

Les Fromages
de France sélectionnés par nos soins
Selection of Imported Cheese
-- Awwww maaan, this one I barely touched :(. I was soooo stuffed from the previous courses and I only had a nibble of the sheep. It was.. pungent.. but surprisingly.. it was not bad at all! LOL I'm not a cheese person though, and I'm lactose intolerant so... this poor dish went to waste. I wish I could've given it to my manager who LOVES cheese!

Les Tartes
de tradition
Traditional Tarts
-- Tarts were brought home and left untouched as well. AHHH!! WASTE!!! :(!!!!!! There was Snickers, Dark Chocolate... hmm.. I forgot what else. lol.

Glaces et Sorbet
Ice Cream and Sorbet
-- Strawberry, Lychee, Raspberry, Blueberry and Yuzu. All very soothing and cleansing to eat!! Very good dessert after a HUGE dinner. This one is easier to take down than the tarts because it just melts in your mouth. GREAT fruit flavors!!

AND HOLY CRAP!!! THE POTATOES THEY GIVE YOU WITH YOUR ENTREEE!!!!!! HOLY MOLY! I swear that thing is 85% Butter, 10% Potato and 5% Edible Glue. THIS SIDE IS KILLLLLLERRRRRR and they give you a mini pot of it too, but MAAANNN IT'S A LOT AT THE SAME TIME. KILLER POTATOES MAN! KILLER!!

I feel bad for not leaving 5 stars. I love this place a lot, but.. not 5 starts enough. I need to give this place another try and maybe I will change it to 5 stars :)
