mUdalYTuAtnZm2K9zoH27Q My boyfriend and I had the best night here. We had a reservation for here a couple hours after we landed in Vegas. The whole staff was very attentive and very involved with us.

You sit at a bar type seating arrangement, with a kitchen overlook so you can watch the chefs make everything in front of you, which we really enjoyed. Very exciting. Every cook has the most detail-oriented mindset and you can watch them become very entranced in the piece of work they are putting on each plate.

We ordered some special drinks and then decided on the Chef's Tasting Seasonal Menu. Best decision we made. From other reviews on this place, I quickly decided that going forward with the tasting menu was the way to go with a place like this. You get more for your money. And since you already planned on spending a lot for the night, you might as well try everything you can in a sitting since you won't be back tomorrow or next weekend. That was definitely the way to go, order the tasting menus, any of them. You can decide on A, B or C I believe. And then there was a seasonal tasting menu while we were there in July (don't know if that is always the case). With the optional tasting menus, you choose what appetizers and entrees and desserts you want to taste off of the list. With the Chef Seasonal, everything is picked out, pieces the Chef designed personally. We loved every course out of al 10 of them...yes 10. Technically 12 if I think about it. Needless to say, we had a hard time walking after leaving the restaurant 3 hours later.

That's the other thing..this is definitely a whole night event. If you're looking for a quick nice dinner before you go out for the night, this isn't the place for it. You will be here awhile. Especially if you get a tasting menu. The staff gives you time in between each course (thank God) so you can enjoy each course and not scarf down your plate and be on your way. Plan to be here for a couple hours, especially if you plan on getting everything out of this place that you can. 

Each course was perfection, I didn't expect much less considering how highly rated this was, and the fact that Joel de Rubuchon is known for their amazing skills and creativity. But the flavor on each plate was so pleasantly surprising because you don't expect a burst of spice and flavor from something like a radish salad, but they will surprise you.

Overall, fantastic. Considering both Ryan a I had yet to try French food, this was a perfect pick for our first time.
