mUdalYTuAtnZm2K9zoH27Q Ok, so I'm here at this ultra-fabulous suite in the Venetian Hotel on a Thursday night. But instead of being out and going buck-wild hung-lo style all over town, I've decided to share my experience at L'Atelier with my fellow yelpers (woo for you!).

First off, I dig the decor.  Very dark and chic, trendy, cool I think best describes it.  However, I don't like the sushi themed tables where you are forced to sit at a bar.  Although it is comfortable, it's not very good for intimate conversations or playing footsie for that matter.

Second, the food was good, not great.  I'm sorry but if some of you think that's the best tasting menu you've ever had, then you've been to all the wrong restaurants.  The food is good, but the best dish has to be the cocotte of egg with parsley puree, mushroom foam and sauteed chantrelles.  The quail is also a hit, it's served with a soy/chicken demi sauce (or at least that's what I think it tastes like), truffled mashed potatoes, (Joel Robuchon is known for his potatoes, it's one of his signature dishes and is basically your basic pommes puree with an equal amount of french butter added to it.  It's awesome but sickeningly fatty.) and a micro green salad with truffle vinaigrette. Other good dishes include:

Poached kumamoto oysters poached in butter, lemon, chives and sea salt.

Strawberry milkshake with strawberry sherbet, fresh strawberries and pistachio crisps.

Not so good were the:

Assortment of ice creams and sherbets that the waiter failed to identify.

The grilled Santa Barbara Prawns with Romesco Sauce (just didn't feel like it was a real romesco, imho).

and

The scallop carpaccio with lemon marmalade (the marmalade was great), soy, evo, and pepper.

So you ask, 'Hung, if the food was good why only 3 stars?'.  Well if you'd just wait a minute, I'd tell you.

Service.
Service.
Service.

The bill came up to be about 300 dollars for the two of us, one cocktail and a water.  With that being said, service should have been to par with that of a true french restaurant.  The waiters should not have been snobby, unprofessional, unenthusiastic, cold or answered our questions with short remarks.

The conclusion, will I go back?  No.  But I am glad that I went here instead of my initial plans, which were to visit Joel Robuchon's Mansion next door where an average dinner for two runs about a grand.  I won't be revisiting L'Atelier because the cuisine is too Asian for me.  If I'm going to be laying out that kind of dough (which was equivalent to about 15 lap dances at Spearmint Rhino up the street), I should be eating food I know nothing about and enjoying the hell out of it.  And that includes not eating a quail entree served with a sauce my grandmother used to make back at home.

So those are my two cents on Joel Robuchon's L'Atelier, you can take it or you can leave.  AFK now, time to party!
