mUdalYTuAtnZm2K9zoH27Q Summary: An amazing experience. Fantastic food, incredible staff, a wonderful view to behold beautiful food being crafted before your very eyes with such precision and intricacy. The chef is young and incredibly talented, but friendly and conversational. Very pricey, so don't come here expecting to escape at under $200 for two people, but you will definitely be full. Also much more casual than Robuchon next door (business casual).

My wife and I went here for dinner on a Tuesday evening. We were very excited to check it out because of the unique way that the dining counter encircles the kitchen, allowing patrons to view the construction and cooking of their food by meticulous, talented chefs. Upon arrival, we were quickly seated along the counter and met our server, whom was standing across from us on the kitchen side. He helped us select a wine for us to enjoy and gave us a rundown of the menu. After that, he gave us as much time as we needed to identify our selections (since there are a LOT of options available for a la carte selection).

The way the menu works is as follows: there are two different prix fixe menu options (one vegetarian and one non) and then a long list of individual items that can be ordered in either two ($55), three ($98), or four-course ($?) dining options with an amuse bouche and dessert included (except for the two-course). Each of the "build your own menu" options has its own starting price, and then based on which items you choose there is a supplemental fee right next to the item that gets added on to the base price. These are the items we ordered as part of our three and four-course meals:

Le Saumon Starter - If you like lox, this is your dish. Super thinly sliced salmon with crispy potato strings and a little log of herb creme fraiche-like goodness. It's like bagels and schmear; Michelin-star style.  

Les Langoustines - Little lobster tails wrapped and fried to golden perfection. A great textural combo with tons of flavor.

L'Entrecote - A 12 oz Wagyu beef ribeye with potato puree. This was a TON of food, albeit quite tasty and tender. In retrospect, we could have done without this (or just done two three-course meals), but the potato puree was amazing. The best mashed potatoes-like food we have had. EVER.


Le Kampachi - Tender Yellowtail sashimi chunks with spicy guacamole and little crispy bits to add textural contrast. Amazing!

Le Homard - Torchio pasta (perfectly cooked to light al dente) with chunks of lobster and light broth sauce that foamed on top. Beautiful presentation.

Le Boeuf - Hanger steak cooked medium rare on top of a slightly tangy, but savory brown sauce with roasted shallots and pieces of Shishito pepper for a little extra zip. Good, but not my favorite.

Le Saumon Entree - A beautiful piece of salmon, slightly rare toward the center, with Sriracha aioli and mushrooms. Great textures and flavors. Excellent presentation. Very full after eating this much.

Le Chocolat - A journey in chocolate. Ranging from darker to sweeter, crunchy to soft and creamy, cold to warm, and all with an amazing aesthetic. A very sweet way to top off a wonderful meal.


Everything was amazing in this meal. Truly a culinary experience to revere and we will start saving up for the next time we'll be able to afford such a decadent dining delight. Cheers to you Chef!
