mUdalYTuAtnZm2K9zoH27Q I've struggled for a bit with how to rate this restaurant.  Based on all the spectacular reviews on Yelp, as well as the exorbitant prices and the reputation of the great Joel Robuchon, I was quite disappointed with my dinner here on Monday, January 14.

Neither my boyfriend and I have ever been here, so we tried the Menu B, which allows you to choose one out of the five following courses (http://mgmgrand.com/pdf/atelier_pre_fix_menu.pdf) at $105.00, and the featured Seasonal Menu with the Quail (http://mgmgrand.com/pdf/atelier_decouverte_menu.pdf - the one shown is different from what is offered now) at $159.00.

The Seasonal Menu is 4 stars on taste, though my boyfriend felt the price is a little on the expensive side for what we got.  We both had the same Amuse Bouche, which was a Foie Gras with a Parmesan Foam - the foam gave the right amount of lightness to the Foie Gras, which I've always found to be very rich.  Another standout is the scallop with chive oil and a bit of garnish.  The quail was also awesome.  Pretty much every course was very good, but the desserts were quite ordinary, though definitely above average.

I with my Menu B was not so lucky.  I think the issue I have is this restaurant's obsession with putting a lot of bells and whistles  on something that should be simplier.  For example, I had the Hamachi, which came with a delicious yellowtail atop a mountain of avocado dip-like thing and some mint!  Neither the avocado nor mint enhanced the yellowtail, which was the star of the dish, but rather obscured it with their weird flavors.

The lobster bisque was also very odd and not flavorful at all.  There were thin pieces of asparagus, but what I had an issue with was the broth was not savory, but oddly salty, foamy, without depth.  Robuchoun will be spitting on my picture when I say this, but I've had Trader Joe's bisque from a box, which was more delectable.  

For the fish I had a Chilean Sea Bass, which was nicely cooked, but again, its taste was obliterated and enhanced by some weird herbs.  The star of Menu B was the hanger steak, which was perfectly done with a lovely carmelized shallot on top.  (I had it medium rare.)  The dessert of panna cotta with "corn ice cream" had a few pieces of carmel popcorn thrown into it, which gave the dessert, which would've otherwise been very smooth, an odd crunchy and weird texture/flavor.

The cocktails - gin martini and the Pomme Brune - were delicious, but they must've come from the bowels of the MGM as our Amuse Bouche came before the cocktails.  At least 10 minutes had elapsed.  When I made a comment to the server (supposedly the bartender himself) that we were "starving for alcohol", there was no reaction.  In fact, the waitstaff, all dressed in black, acted as if we were dining in an ER, where one should be quiet and reserved.  The service seemed oddly joyless as my food.  All of the staff were professional, especially our counter server.  We weren't looking for, "Are you done with that dessert, hon?  You want more water, sweety?" type of service, but the staff seemed a little on the cool side.  Another Yelper had commented that the kitchen staff working never spoke to each other (they do), but now I can understand what she was referring to.  

The highlights of the evening was the bread, which was delicious...and they give you unlimited bread...which we took, with wanton abandon.  I suppose the Sous Chef, a Frenchman, came around and gave us more mashed potato - which is more like melted butter with a bit of potato thrown in.  That, plus the bread and the slow-moving cocktails were what made the evening for me.  

My boyfriend (who did not pay for the meal) is more up in arms about the entire experience than I am.  (He asked for 3 baskets of bread, till I threatened to break up with him.)  We do not feel that the high prices were justified.  On the other hand, a couple next to us - a French couple - drove all the way from Scottsdale to the restaurant for the meal.  Of course, they ordered a la carte, and their food looked and smelled delicious.  Unfortunately, at the high price tag, I'll not be going back to try the restaurant anytime soon.
