mUdalYTuAtnZm2K9zoH27Q If you don't know about L'Atelier, it is important to do a little research about the place and about Chef Joel Robuchon.  Please don't be that couple that stumbles in drunk and has no idea what the space embodies.  Please don't expect a large selection of beer.  This place is owned by a French Master.  They drink wine not beer.  It is mind blowing how customers put so much blame on the fact that they don't have beer.  L'Atelier deserves the respect.  My husband is passionate about food, so we have watched several documentaries about or referring to Joel Robuchon.  This man is in his own class and is godly in the food realm.  I didn't realize this myself until I noticed the customer sitting next to my husband hailing Mary and gazing at his bowl of pasta with fresh shaved black truffles as if it were his last supper.  

The best seats are at the counter which is in the face of the kitchen.  The kitchen is beautifully decorated and impressively clean.  The black uniforms the chef wear give off a sleek and modern appeal, but also hides any stains. It was fascinating to watch each chef perform their specialty with passion and precision.  They used tweezers to delicately arrange the ingredients.  The kitchen is a harmonious performance.  Service was fantastic.  Everyone embodied confidence and were welcoming and attentive.  I definitely got the feeling that my food was just as or more important to the chefs as it was to me.   Most of the staff seemed to speak French.  Listening to them made me reminisce Paris. 

We ordered the Seasonal Discovery Menu which included 9 dishes.  The dishes that were prominent for me were the sea scallop, the foie gras tortellini, the quail, and the desserts.  The scallop was the best prepared scallop I've had.  It was my favorite dish because everything was perfect.  The scallop was not over cooked and the sauces did not take away from the scallop.  Everything about the dish was balanced and prepared well.  The foie gras tortellini was visually beautiful and full of flavor.  I enjoyed that the broth was very light to compliment the richness of the delicate tortellini.  The tortellini had a light buttery, but rich foie gras flavor.  The quail was also cooked perfectly.  It was stuffed with foie gras, but was not too rich and heavy.  Both of the desserts were very good.  After so many dishes I was full and didn't think I could finish the desserts, but they were too good to be left alone.  

The dish that I thought fell short was the shrimp carpaccio and the salad with the wasabi dressig and black truffles.  The shrimp carpaccio had too much salt.  I tasted the sweetness of the shrimp, but was distracted by the salt.  Some bites tasted of just salt.  I am not sure if this is how the dish was supposed to be eaten, and if it was merely a matter of preference.  The salad taste fine, but didn't have strong distinctive flavors that left an impression compared to the other.  I am thinking that due to the given price bracket the quality of the truffles used was not of high grade.  They were fresh truffles, but just didn't have a lot of flavor.  It makes sense to include a dish with truffles because truffles are "in style" and impressive in the food scene. 

To top this experience off, Joel Robuchon appeared in the kitchen.  He was visiting L'Atelier for 2 weeks.  This really made my husband's day.  Thank you for having the passion you do about food.   It is honorable to dine at your restaurant.  Next time if I have the courage to gamble away some money and possible win big, I will wonder next door to your other restaurant.  Merci Beaucoup!
