mUdalYTuAtnZm2K9zoH27Q I've never had a more amazing experience at a Michelin-star restaurant than here...well, maybe Joel Robuchon's other restaurant next door will beat my L'Atelier experience but I'm not going there until next month so I'm letting this sink in 'til then. I was supposed to take myself on a solo birthday dinner date back in August but they were completely booked.  When I remembered to make a reservation it was already weeks after my birthday and the soonest availability was end of September so I went ahead and got my spot...for my sister and I. Now, it all makes sense and I'm thankful the dining gods were with us tonight, we got to meet Joel Robuchon. I'm not a huge fan of celebrities or models and what not...I'm a fangirl of athletes and celebrity chefs! Meeting Joel Robuchon at L'Atelier was a 4/365 chance. Enough of my fangirl babbling.

We sat at the bar area to watch food being prepared - it was such a delight. Our server was Eddie and he has been working here since the day they opened. He took extremely good care of us. Best service I've had anywhere else. All requests granted. He made great recommendations and answered any questions we had about the menu. The manager chatted with us too. Extremely attentive. The sommelier let us try some wines before narrowing it down to what we really want. I got a Riesling and my sister got a Malbec...on top of the Veuve Clicquot we were already drinking.

Aside from the a la carte menu, they have 4 other menus: Menu A ($78: amuse-bouche, 2 appetizers, 1 entree and 1 dessert), Menu B ($105: amuse-bouche, 2 appetizers, 2 entrees and 1 dessert), Pre-Theatre served from 5-6:30pm ($45: amuse-bouche, 1 appetizer and roast of the day) and Seasonal Discovery (11-courses for under $200).

Amuse-Bouche:
Foie gras parfait with port wine reduction and parmesan emulsion. The port wine compliments the richness of the creamy foie gras and the parmesan emulsion adds lightness and saltiness. The Californians sitting next to us were jealous that we can eat foie gras in Nevada and that we have Joel Robuchon in Vegas - they should be. 5/5

Le Saumon:
Salmon carpaccio with fennel-mango salad and lemon essence. The mango they use are not the ripe ones so it's crisp and a bit tart (I love unripe/green mangoes). The salmon is fresh and works well with fennel. 5/5

Le Crabe Royal:
King crab with turnips and sweet and sour sauce. Thinly sliced turnip under and on top of the crab meat. Excellent flavors. 5/5

Les Calamars:
Sauteed calamari and vegetable medley in crustaceous vinaigrette. Lightly cooked calamari. There's olive oil with olive puree on the side of the plate. I'm allergic to olives and seafood/squid but I cleaned my plate - if I died because of this dish, it was worth it! 5/5

La Bisque de Homard:
Lobster bisque with morels and edamame. Lobster, mushrooms and edamame? Excellent! Great consistency and flavor. 5/5

Le Beuf:
Beef cheek with natural jus and vegetables. Super tender beef you can eat with just a fork. 5/5

Le Canard:
Duck with sweet and sour daikon and young leeks. I trust French chefs/restaurants to make a great duck dish...I've never been disappointed. Tender thinly sliced and well-seasoned duck that's perfectly cooked. You get 4 slices of daikon that tastes a bit smokey than sweet/sour. 5/5

Mashed Potatoes:
Very creamy potatoes...no lumps, imperfections whatsoever. Let's ignore the butter and fat content for one night...it's delicious! 5/5

Les Tartes:
Different kinds of tarts: raspberry tart, chocolate, caramel and peanut tart, orange tart, cinnamon tart and pistachio tart. Great sampling of different tarts. My faces were chocolate, caramel and peanut tart, and pistachio tart. 5/5

La Fraise:
Strawberry daiquiri with yogurt sorbet and pop rocks. I'm a 80's baby so I grew up eating pop rocks and I enjoy re-living my childhood. They're mixed in with the fresh strawberries and the sorbet...you can hear the fizz. The yogurt sorbet is so yummy...and at the bottom is a strawberry daiquiri jelly. 5/5

Le Chocolat:
Chocolate ice cream, cremeux, Araguani dark chocolate and Oreo cookie crumbs. Incredible dessert. Fine-quality chocolate with a good chocolate ice cream and crunch from Oreos. 5/5

I can try real hard to find a flaw but it's just not happening. I'm just laughing at the thought of forgetting whose birthday we were celebrating: mine (August) or my sister's (October). The highlight of the evening was meeting Joel Robuchon and chatting with him. C'es magnifique, Monsieur Robuchon!
