mUdalYTuAtnZm2K9zoH27Q Good, nice, but not worth the hype!

I've experienced some of the top restaurants of the world (Rockpool, Aria, Tetsuya's Sydney, Some in London, Rome and Croatia and hopefully El Bulli Spain soon) and unfortunately this one does not live up to the hype. This review is about the $75 tasting menu on the 9th of August 09. 

At $75 a pop, you would expect a fair menu served by attentive staff, who are not too over friendly and would be attentive enough to the point that your wine is always topped up. Well 5 stars for the wait staff. Excellent service.

Now on to the front of house/ maître d'. It was a Saturday night, busy as hell in the MGM and we walked right up expecting to be refused (but in these current economic times, Vegas is desperate for your money) and asked for a table for 2. It was 9:30 and we were told to come back at 10:15 and a table would be ready.
After popping down to Nobhill Tavern for a quick slurp on a cocktail, we moseyed on back to the restaurant at 10:15, and were told that patrons were difficult to move, and it would be another 10 minutes.  10 minutes passed and we were then told it would be another 15 minutes. My patience was beginning to wear, and although it was so late we could not go anywhere else, no kind gesture was offered by management as a way to say sorry ( a glass of house bubbly would have done the trick and softened us up) for the delays. 
At about 10:45 ( 30 minutes delay which is not heaps bad) we were sat at a table.

Now for the food.... Mediocre.
The vegetables in oil and balsamic reduction with aged mozzarella Di Bufala is a concoction I could easily make in the kitchen. 
Next course, the langoustine was no bigger than a small prawn cooked tempura style (I've had better at the local Sushi restaurant) The pork belly main was a definite WOW however! 
But the rest was... Meh...OK. Certainly not worth the $75 dollars, and certainly not worth the orgasms that most of the reviewers here have raved about. 
My opinion is that these guys probably mostly eat at 'Olive Garden' or 'Red Lobster' and that's gourmet to them, so this is amazing. NEWS FLASH. It's not. It's certainly good, amongst all the sh*t in Vegas (and believe you me, there is a lot of it in Sin city), but not entirely worth the $75 price tag.

Oh and by the side, the minimum price I saw for a bottle of red was about $50, and that was for an Australian wine I knew to retail for about $7.... Nice mark up Joel. I know restaurants to mark up wines, but this much is crazy. We opted for a $75 Oregon Pinot, which was fantastic, but still a little hefty in price. 

All in all a $230 (ex tip) price tag for a meal that left me feeling not much love. In fact I felt robbed. Thanks Joel, but I shouldn't have expected less in Vegas the city that wants all your cash.

Thanks, but for next time, no thanks...
