mVZoin0a8uTZgLsgJ9iNDQ The boy definitely pulled out the stops for us on date night. Suited, booted, armed with flowers and a reservation at The Grain Store. Yup, I got me a good one, I have to say. 

5 stars for decor, it's cosy, dark and perfect for a candlelight dinner for two (it was by candlelight, so done deal, really). We had: 

1) scallop ceviche with lime and coriander
2) poached lobster with tagliatelle and lobster bisque

followed by 

3) ravioli stuffed with fennel, aubergine and artichoke. 3 of my top 10 veggies, in one parcel? Amazing! Served with winter chanterelles and spinach... just sounded delicious
4) roasted mallard with plum tarte tatin and other stuff (I dunno, I was still distracted by the ravioli)

So, what went right? Scallop ceviche was a first for me - so succulent, limey and melt in the mouth - I was nervous about trying scallops, which are a hit and miss with me at times - but The Grain Store delivered 100% on this starter. The lobster was another masterpiece, sweet tasting bisque with none of that overtly fishy flavour that some dishes can impart. The boy did note that he found the tagliatelle a little dry, though. Beautifully presented, nonetheless. 

The boy also had the tarte tatin for dessert - with a 20 min wait, it was well worth it by the way it disappeared without giving me a single bite. He did allow me to try a small morsel of some fabulous vanilla ice cream though. 

What went wrong? Three attempts to find a wine in stock. Unfortunate, a little annoying, but we did end up with a nice Californian chardonnay as a result. 

The boy also found his main was cold on the edges. Mine was roasting hot, so suspect one had to wait for the other. Otherwise, he loved his main course - dramatic as beetroot smeared its way all over the plate - a foodie bloodbath!

Lastly, I had a panic over my main course. The first dud of the night was finding broccoli in the dish - it wasn't mentioned, it makes me throw up (literally, not a metaphor for 'I don't like it'), I don't like finding it in my meals and request it to not be when I am aware of it. But it was all through my garnish, as was beetroot and carrot (apparently it was an experiemnt). What made it worse, was biting into something that had the consistency and saltiness of bacon (turns out it was a crispy spinach which was the guilty party, hard to imagine, but true). In the romantic dim candlelight, it looked like there was ham or bacon in the dish (beetroot infused carrot, eh!). In my defence, the boy tested and agreed that it tasted like bacon. Anyhow, it was enough to ruin the enjoyment of my meal. As for the ravioli, despite the three (quite different) flavours, the ultime result was bland and disappointing. So overall, I regretted my choice of main. 

Finally - the cheese platter I ordered was a little less than spectacular. Not bad... just indifferent. But the oatcakes were fantastic! For a girl who avoided oat cakes like the plague until this year, I've come to appreciate a good, home made oatcake. Three types, with the middle one tasting like a savoury hob nob. That may not seem like the highest of compliments, but for me it is. 

Finally, before you cast The Grain Store aside, think on this: despite previous reviews noting poor service, we didn't have that experience. Our servers were cordial and ticked all the boxes. They placed us away from the family with a young kid to give us privacy & peace in our very own dining area, and chatted away (and also recommended other places to visit). When I complained about my main potentially being soured by meat, not only did they doublecheck with the kitchen, but came back with an explanation as well as noted that they had provided feedback to the chef in regards to ensuring no meat like flavours are imparted in a veggie dish, so this would be noted as part of the meal, also offering to replace if I so wanted. Prompt with each part of the meal as well as the cheque, I found it exemplary. 

As a date night, as I mentioned at the start of my review, it was a fantastic choice - if we found ourselves here again, I wouldn't be sad. I'd just be a little more judicious with my menu choices.
