mVZoin0a8uTZgLsgJ9iNDQ The Grain Store has to be one of my all time favourite Edinburgh restaurants.  Sometimes I wish I could pick it up and move it to Glasgow so I could go more often!

I discovered this little gem nestled on Victoria Street a few years ago when I went for dinner with my family.  At this point I was still a bit of a fussy eater, so I ordered the chicken dish and instantly regretted it when I saw the beautiful plates being placed around me.  I tried venison for the first time that night, and it is now one of my favourite meats because of the beautiful plate of venison my mum ordered.  She had to fight to keep her plate most of the evening!

From then on, it became a regular go-to restaurant when I was through in Edinburgh visiting friends or family, especially given their extremely good value lunch menu.  In the evening, most main courses are priced between £18 and £25, which is a lot, so the fact that they offer a lunch menu where you can get three courses for £15 is, to me, insane value for money.

On my most recent visit, I went with my mum and my gran for Mothers Day lunch, where we each had a starter and a main course for £12.50 each.  For starter I ordered Stornaway Black Pudding with Apple Puree, which I have had their before, and it was stunning.  The black pudding was crumbly, perfectly complimented with the apple.  For main I chose the Duck Confit with Haricot Bean Cassoulet.  Again, this was fab and really filling.  The duck skin was crisp, the meat tender and flavoursome, and the cassoulet really rich and warming.  We were also given some lovely freshly baked bread which had a perfectly crunchy crust, with a soft, yummy dough.

The manager of the restaurant is incredibly friendly and loves to check in making sure you have everything you need and that you are enjoying your meal, so the service is always impeccable.

On this occasion, for three people, our bill came to £66 - two courses each and a bottle of red wine.  The food is such a high quality and the staff are so friendly and attentive that The Grain Store is always a big hit with me, and I'll continue raving about it to anyone visiting Edinburgh!
