2QzGh0UPJVbjtRlujmBXpw Not my first (and certainly not my last) BYOB experience, Montreal's Le P'tit Plateau offers a casual fine dining experience, scandalously decadent dishes, and no corkage fee. You really can't go wrong.

At a first glance, the menu looks ridiculously expensive. $36 for Lamb Confit? Preposterous! What you quickly realize, though, is that you're paying for quality, for excellent service, for the fact that the restaurant doesn't serve drinks, and for a starter soup or salad and a meal-finishing coffee. So, even with dessert, your entire 3 course meal comes to just under $50 per person. Even with your pre-bought bottle of wine (if you're like me, it'll be around $15), that's pretty good for this level of quality.

You're probably wondering just what that $50 will get you. Well, amongst the six of us, we tried three items from the dinner menu, all of which were outstanding examples of perfectly cooked French cuisine.

The medallion of venison was cooked to medium and served with a semi-sweet barbecue sauce, crispy fried shallots, foie gras (to die for), scalloped potatoes and puréed turnip. This was, in fact, my first taste of foie gras and (despite the ethical implications, animal rights, and images of force-feeding flitting through my mind), I loved it. I know I shouldn't, but there's a reason why people are fighting so hard for the right to continue producing fatty duck/goose liver.

The lamb confit literally slid off the bone, exuding a tenderness that only comes from hours and hours of slow cookery. It was served with spices, almonds, zucchini, and lima beans.

The duck confit was juicy and flavourful, with a side of arugula, dried magret, a lone runner bean, and gizzards (which my friends tentatively nibbled on - I wasn't so adventurous).

For dessert, our table abounded with crème brûlées, fruit sorbets, and chocolate mousse cakes. After three courses and 5 bottles of wine (we couldn't quite make it to our 6th within the two hour time frame), I'd say that we were all pretty much sated. Glutted, even. It was great.

Le P'tit Plateau is well worth a visit, whether you live in Montreal or plan on being a Québécois tourist at some point in the near future.
