myJ6pgIhN42EQh2sAVXKoQ We are on the hunt for the BEST BURGER in Toronto! Stop #3: Toma Burger Addiction

Let me start by asking for a moment of silence to respect the experience that I was just gifted with... amen.
Look... Toma is boss, Toma is King, Toma is the Truth.

The restaurant itself looks more like a standard, proper restaurant than a burger joint. Nice booths, modern decor, blah blah blah, it looks great, on to these damn burgers!

I asked the waiter for the best burger that they had, to which he answered, with confidence, The Fabulous Las Vegas. Now when you order this bad boy reserve your judgement and don't you dare judge this book by its cover. You'll be served what appears to be a modest burger, with a politely round bun, a patty, some cheese melting down the side, and of course the iconic Toma "T" branding. But my friend, once you take a bite, this burger earns its price. The first thing you notice is this confusingly amazing bun. With the use of some sort of gypsy magic they've made it so that this light and slightly sweet bun holds up its shape and constitution not just while you're holding it, but even after you've taken a bite. (Respect that bun game.) Then you get hit with that Kobe Wagyu beef patty. I've never had Kobe beef before, so I have no other reference point, but let me advise you to believe the hype. It melts in your mouth and the texture is heavenly. The standard burger also features: truffle mayo, brie cheese, caramelized onions, sprouts, truffle oil, fleur de sel, and ground pepper, but sadly they messed up my order a smidge and gave me the toppings for their The Cheesy burger, which includes: truffle mayo, double cheddar, double swiss cheese, caramelized onions. Whatever, it was delicious.

I also had the truffle fries, which where pretty great. Not the best that I've ever had, but still great.

Lastly, I've got to speak to the service. My 4 friends and I came in right around when they were closing, but they were gracious enough to stay open, serve us up these killer sandwiches, and have some real, welcoming conversation with us. They make the buns daily in-house, and they get most of the meat daily as well. God bless them.

The burger hunt isn't over yet, but for now Toma is at the top of the list. Believe the hype!
