MZ4EEf4VtkeSJURIGgp2AQ Came here for dinner for my brother's birthday. A very cozy, relaxed yet classy setting. Not a very big place but tables were evenly spaced out so you could still dine comfortably. I assumed it was a family owned restaurant judging by the dynamic of the staff, there were only two staff working the tables and one cook. When I first sat down I was surprised by the handwritten menu. It was just one page so there weren't a lot of choices which can be a good thing if you're indecisive like me. We ordered the Cesar Salad, cold cod, and vegetable soup as appetizers. The vegetable soup was tomato based and very hearty as it had beans, chickpeas, etc... However, I found the soup to be just average similar to any other bean soup. But I was pleasantly surprised by the Cesar salad in particularly the dressing used. It's very different from other Cesar salads I had in the past, I couldn't quite identify what it was definitely savory without being overly creamy. The cold cod was quite nice with the citrus glaze, only complaint is the portion was too small. 

For entrees, we ordered the steak, salmon, pork belly, and the handmade pasta which was all the entree options they offered. The steak was cooked nicely and the texture wasn't too tough, one of the better ones I've had. I really like the potato skins that accompanied the steak, thought that was a nice change as opposed to the usual fries. The pork belly wasn't bad but I thought is could've been more tender. My favourite would have to be the salmon and the handmade chicken pasta. The salmon was perfectly cooked and I really like the texture of the pasta. There were also sun dried tomatoes in the pasta which I thought added a nice touch and the sauce to noodles ratio was just right. Definitely not too creamy or acidic so highly recommended! And at last for dessert, we tried the lemon dacquoise (totally embarrassed myself trying to pronounce it, it's french) and the warm banana cake. Both were good but I think the lemon dacquoise stood out to me more so if you're a fan of meringue you should definitely check it out. It is a pricey place, most of the entrees were between $20-30 and the steak was $34 if I remembered correctly. Overall, the food was great and the restaurant had a nice atmosphere with a slight uptown elegance.
