nk9lP-iXi7xklwN3VYf6Ew I went their with 5 other friends on the first day of winterlicious. I made the rsvp at 8:30pm. Although there were some of us who were a bit late, we didn't get to be seated until approx. 9:15pm!the wait was extremely long, especially considering that we've made a reservation. Not only was the wait for a table was long..the wait for the food between each course was annoying too. We officially got up and put on our jackets around 12 am! 

Now onto the food. It really annoyed me and my friends how one's dish can be so different in size when almost all of us ordered the same thing. 5/6 of us ordered the lobster tail as appetizer but mine was so tiny compared to my friend's. I understand that lobster don't all come in the same size...but the huge size difference really disappointed me. Then onto the main course, all of us got the lamb, which I really regret. Again, some of use got  more meat than the others. Two of us were done when the others have only ate half of their dish. The sizes of the desserts were pretty filling and finally more proportionate. 

In terms of the tastes of the food, the appetizer, lobster tail tasted nothing special. It did taste really fresh and great with the sauce it came with, but nothing surprising at all. As for the lamb, very disappointing. Our server told us that it can only be cooked to rare so there will be pink and blood, but that was hardly the case when we got it. If you blind-folded me I wouldn't even be able to tell it was lamb...it tasted like an ordinary piece of meat. The dessert I got was the pana cotta which was pretty good. It was my first time trying this dessert though, so don't got any previous experiences to compare to.

Oh, forgot to mention, my friend and I also ordered a cocktail. One called seduction and another called sinful. Both tasted really good but we didn't get them til our main course came! As for the service, not bad...but not exceptional either.

Overall, $45 for winterlicious...I totally don't think it' worth it! don't think I'll go again. If I ever do...probably just for the dessert or bar.
