nKeGPmH5dYNVL5AyAItuKg Had a great little dinner at this cute spot in Parkdale.

Ambiance/Decor: 
Really chill spot and looks like it's more suited towards a date spot or dinner with some friends, rather than a big group outing. We went there for a relatively early 6.30pm dinner on a Friday, so it wasn't too busy while we were there, and was just picking up as we left. They were playing the new Tame Impala record (at a reasonable volume, not unlike some other Parkdale restos I know!) so that was definitely a major bonus. Really nice decor all around and cool open kitchen concept. I loved the Chantecler sign and floor tiles too! 

Service: 
All around no complaints. The server was attentive, helpful and not pushy. 

Food:
The menu is small and focused on "shareables" so IMO best to come here with at least 1 other person, but not more than a group of 3 as some of the plates can be smallish (and because I'm selfish that way, haha). It's a fairly eclectic menu - popcorn shrimp definitely being the standout dish! It was a really good and tasty snack - the seasoning was on point. The beef tartare was very good - perhaps a tad too much wasabi as pointed out by other yelpers - but very tasty combo with the shrimp chips. The kale salad was just ok - a little uninspiring compared to some of the other offerings here, but maybe that's a good thing in the end. The hit was definitely the fish wraps. The haddock was perfectly battered and fried and the tartar sauce was oh so good. My gf had to order seconds. 

I would definitely go back but would try everything we missed next time around - so pork wraps, spicy wings, calamari and perhaps the lettuce meal - which sounds very tasty.

Cost: 
I don't always put this down on yelp, but our total was pretty easy to remember for this night ;) It was $100 on the nose with tip included. We had 3 fish wraps, beef tartare, kale salad, popcorn shrimp, 2 glasses of wine and a pint of the draft beer. Not too bad...

Overall, it's a great little spot if you are looking for a cozy, "sexy" vibe. Definitely a great date spot for the fellas if you are trying to impress your lady - but also a good spot to catch up with some close friends.
