nk9lP-iXi7xklwN3VYf6Ew (This is a review of Senses Cafe/Bakery in the Soho Hotel - not to be confused with the Senses Restaurant there.) This is my first review. I know nothing really of reviews and thought at first I best write a nasty review cause that is easier and people will accept it better. Then I was having a coffee yesterday at the cafe in the building I live in and I thought, "Oh right, duh!" So review this place. A place I know.

I've lived here for over three years. There's a resto a bar and a cafe/bakery. I do almost daily meetings in the cafe or on its mini-patio - six chairs sitting outside on the corner through the brief non-winter season here. 

The coffee is fine. $2.25. It never makes me feel good to watch an espresso have hot water poured over it in front of me - just reminds me of when Ive made instant coffee. But that's what an Americano is, so I just look away. The great pastries are all going stale after 2pm. But they mean for their pastries to be bought by 10am anyway. The service staff is geared to specific tasks, by management, that do not synch with reality so on weekends there may be only one person on the floor while table service goes to hell. This is not a reflection of lack of desire by the staff to serve you well. It is worth noting that they serve brunch and then breakfast and lunch and then will not serve food to you except for pre-made sandwiches after about 2pm and the kitchen opens again round 5pm and the cafe remains open til about 6pm.

One thing worth noting is that there is an all you can eat morning buffet breakfast that is about $20 I think. It is part self serve, part made to order in front of you. It has an excellent range of foods - the obvious - bacon/sausage, great home fries, but also fresh fruits and graved lax, muesli/granola/yoghurt, fresh made heavenly pancakes (they may get stupid and pretty them up with confectionary sugar - avoid it) with unlimited real maple syrup. There's all sorts of foods of course but for me the highlight is that, since the owner also owns Lai Wah Heen (a noted Chinese restaurant), there is also steamed dim sum which is succulent. I love it every time.  I once told the management at Senses that their price on their brunch is only a few dollars more than Cora's across the street - Cora's is about $16 for the Cora's Special with coffee and tip. At the time the Senses brunch was only $16 - they soon corrected for this since you do get much better than diner food, all you can eat of it, and no 30 minute line-up waiting outside in the cold. 

What's new for Senses? They removed both the "High Table", a communal table that was a great feel but had horrible trouble for sliding your highchair up to the table, and the casual lounge seating that was enjoyed by many. It just chills the place out a little reducing a nice warmth that I and many had enjoyed for years. It now looks all business, no charm. 

Okay, I'm new to writing this sort of thing and just decided to start writing anything here. I'll do better next time. Advice is welcomed.

Here's a great deal right now:
http://www.groupon.com/deals/senses-restaurant-and-bar-toronto?utm_campaign=senses-restaurant-and-bar-toronto&amp;utm_medium=email&amp;utm_source=newsletter&amp;c=btn&amp;addx=thefabulousmsjmc@yahoo.ca
