nKeGPmH5dYNVL5AyAItuKg I came here for a Sunday lunch with a few people.  Maybe other people come during dinner and maybe people are judging it as a tapas type place, but I'm evaluating it based on it being a lunch/full meal place.

Service: 1/5 While the waitress was friendly, she seemed quite forgetful.  In our group of 8 or so, we ordered various dishes such as congee, shrimp burger, turnip cake, fish wraps, etc.  It took probably close to an hour for all the food to come out and they even forgot one person's dish.  I realize they have a small kitchen, but you should still be able to serve all your customers within 20 minutes of ordering.  It shouldn't take an hour for all the food to arrive.  

It was also very awkward when you have your food in front of you and the other half doesn't, yet you are starving since you've been waiting for over 30 minutes yourself.   

In addition, one guy's dish didn't even show up and when he inquired with the waitress, she said it was too loud and couldn't hear him.  When you work as a server, you should be able to hear everyone.  And after we finished our meal, the guy asked about his dish and after he said  "no thanks, I'm in a rush", she then proceeded to give him a spoon and told the cooks to put a rush on it (which for them would be 15-20 minutes, too long to wait).  Not sure what was up with the server here.  While she was nice,  she was definitely not on the ball.  


Atmosphere: 5/5 - love the coziness of this place.

Food: 2.5/5 I had a fish wrap and turnip cake with XO sauce.  I think I paid around $10 total for them.  They were more dim sum sized than full plates.  I think the turnip cake was $6.50 or so.  While it tasted slightly different than the authentic stuff, it wasn't really better.  It wasn't worse either.  It was also a very small portion.  Fish wrap was okay, think it was $4.50. I think I finished it in two bites.  It was a fried fish fillet in lettuce.  While light, I would have preferred something with some carbs in it.   Or possibly charge a higher price and give bigger portions.  Value is lacking during their Sunday lunch.  

Verdict: Probably won't visit for Sunday lunch again, but maybe try some other dishes.  I didn't find the food that enjoyable and it just felt like myself cooking at home and experimenting and I don't really like my own food.  I was also very hungry afterwards, so two hours later, I ate an entire pizza in Yorkville.
