nKeGPmH5dYNVL5AyAItuKg Restaurant: Chantecler
Cuisine: Canadian
Location: Parkdale
Address: 1320 Queen St W
Price Range: $10~

1: Poor 2: OK 3: Good 4: Very Good 5: Excellent

Food: 4
Service: 4
Ambiance: 2
Overall: 3.5

Extra information:

* Open for dinner only
* Open for lunch on Sunday
* Takes reservation
* Drinks till late

Finally! the restaurant that everyone talks about.. the restaurant that all the food industry people go to late at night for drink.. I was there! I knew Chantecler was famous for their lettuce wraps for the longest time, and with me being Korean I always think lettuce wraps are so over-rated. I mean, I eat that stuff at home all the time.. what could be so special about it? Well, since there were just so many people talking about it non-stop, I decided to check it out, Horray!

It was on Monday when I called few hours before they opened and I was able to get a reservation for 2 without a problem.

We were seated along the bar where I know all the action happens and what not.. plus you get to talk to the bartenders and get the 'full dining experience'.. but it was just damn uncomfortable.

It's not just Chantecler, I just generally find bar seats to be really uncomfortable where I have to squish myself in and cross my legs in different directions. Also it didn't help that this stupid girl sitting next to me on an awkward date kept on elbowing me trying to flip her damn hair.

Stupid me for not asking if we could sit at a regular table.. well it was too late. 

Anyways, now on to more so important stuff, food. At Chantecler, everything they have on the menu is suppose to be sharing style, yes! my favorite style *smirks*

Ordered: Fancy Wings 4/5

Fried garlic and scallion for $10, this is one of their famous dishes. It was a cross between Chinese and Korean chicken wing in terms of flavor. Very heavy on vinegar yet tangy and sweet at same time. Wings were very crispy and delicious, a little hard to eat but who cares.

Ordered: Spicy Popcorn shrimp 4/5

Popcorn and Morita Pepper for $11, another dish people wouldn't shut up about. This popcorn shrimp actually has popcorn in the batter which makes it special. Since it is quite heavily seasoned, I thought this would be perfect with some ice cold beer. 

Ordered: Lettuce Meal 4/5

Braised beef, slow smoked pork shoulder, lettuce, steamed rice, house pickles and sauces for $21. Ta-Dah! finally the famous lettuce wrap! It was exactly what I expected except the sticky rice instead of regular white rice. I liked both the beef cheek and pork shoulder which was quite flavorful. However, it was also heavily seasoned so I didn't really need to use the spicy paste.

Ordered: Sundae

* Banana split cereal sundae for $10, my friend with the sweet tooth we couldn't say no to dessert and I was def glad we said yes! Topped off with cereal and caramelized banana on the side, this was so good! They did say it was a dessert for that night so I am not sure if this is a regular thing you can order.

Summary: Overall, I did enjoy the food at Chantecler- although I do wish I got to try more dishes other than those three. I heard their special menu that changes constantly are really good so I might have to go back for that. I did find all of their dishes to be overall bit too salty where I was constantly needing water. Other than that and my hatred for bar seats, I did enjoy overall experience at Chantecler.
