nKeGPmH5dYNVL5AyAItuKg VIBE 
I'm a big fan of simplicity and Chantecler does this in spades. I was surprised by how small the room was but it works with an intimate atmosphere. I sat at the bar and was immediately welcomed by their warm and friendly staff. Sipping on my Corpse Reviver 2 made being alone before my date arrived so much better. I loved the glossed, dark wooden bar. I also liked that there was plenty of light (big plus for someone who takes photos of her food - yes, I'm the annoying one). 

It's also the little touches - like those darling antique plates. I'm charmed! 

Just a note: they now have a tasting menu twice a week. Their site seems to be up to date with their changes. 

WE ATE/DRANK
The corpse reviver 2 was a perfectly boozy way to start our meal. Another note that the servers know the menu inside and out. It's impressive. We started with the oysters served with an asian sauce. They were fantastic - a light and refreshing appetizer. 

We continued with the calamari - grilled octopus topped with a tamarind, peanut sauce. I wish they served this in big ass containers to take home because I seriously could have eaten three plates of this on my own. DAMN! 

We continued some more with the pacific cod baja fish tacos, wrapped in lettuce, of course. They were perfectly fried but if you're getting the lettuce wraps, I'd hold off on this dish (unless you love fish tacos of any kind, like me). 

The Lettuce wraps are now offered nightly instead of on Sundays. Braised pork shoulder with its sauces dripping onto the plate? Um, YES PLEASE. Lots of little accoutrements accompany the wraps - from steamed rice to kimchi to a few Asian inspired sauces. The beef was so tender and flavourful that it didn't need much else. We tried the XO sauce and felt it took away from the beef's flavour. Not really my thing. That said, I loved breaking the shrimp chip on the beef - it added a great crunch! It's a fun dish that has you sharing. Love! 

The server recommended the Pierre Frick "Blanc de Noirs" white wine from Alsace, France. The dryness of the wine added a good kick to the lettuce wraps. Bravo! 

From there (yes, we had more...), we shared a "ghetto" sundae, topped with fruit loops, chocolate sauce, malteasers and more. The vanilla ice cream really hit the spot. The dessert wasn't a necessity but it was a nice touch. I was certainly full but not stuffed! 

The cherry on top? Just as we were leaving, co-owner Jacob ushered me over to do a shot on the house. Please. Talk about bourbon-infused service! 

OBLIGATORY CATCHY REMARK 
Carrie Ann Inaba: TEN! Perfection. My new fave in Toronto.
