nkHaix6KenApS8M-liZsCQ Just had the most amazing meal at Christopher's and had to write about it. Not only is the service exceptional, the food is extraordinary.  First off, the restaurant itself is beautiful inside.  Very elegant, modern and romantic.  There are several different private dining rooms as well as a more casual up-scale bar area that also offers outdoor patio seating.  Christopher's  is perfect for group happy hour, private group dining or a romantic dinner for two.  The wine list is extensive and the menu offers many choices from small plates to traditional multi-course dining options.  The cuisine is mostly French although I noticed wood oven pizza on the menu which would be perfect for the bar or for lunch.

The meal:  we enjoyed a few different appetizers to start including Christopher's House-Smoked Salmon served on an edible spoon ~ delish! Not to mention,  so much fun to eat!  We also ordered the 4 cheese plate with olives along with foie gras ~ all incredible! Christopher's house made bread complement these appetizers perfectly and is absolutely out of this world! 

For our main course, we ordered the Lamb Neck (serves two - we did not realize this until after the fact so there was more than enough, even for take home!) and the Duck Two Ways. The presentation of both was a work of art.   I had to take pause  just admire the food and take photos. Everything was just so exceptional!  

Christopher is known for his desserts so I could not wait to check out the dessert menu.  We enjoyed a completely edible crispy cinnamon bird's nest that included an edible candy coated egg  filled with chocolate mousse. It was absolutely delightful to break into the egg shell to discover the decadent  filling.  I loved the whimsical nature of this dessert and cannot wait to come back to check out the other desserts on the menu. 

Christopher is a remarkable and talented French Chef who is a legend in the Phoenix fine dining scene.  It is a worthwhile stop for any foodie, especially if you like French food.
