nkHaix6KenApS8M-liZsCQ So I've been to Christopher's at the Biltmore many times, and couldn't wait to check out the new space.   I'm a fan of the food - at least at the old space on the east end, upstairs, at the Biltmore shopping center.   This location.  Eh?   Very trendy... slick surfaces.  But - okay forgive me I just get SO DISTRACTED by bad architecture it impacts my restaurant reviews.   First, the HUMONGOUS door.   Um, has anyone heard that the latest trend in architecture is BEING GREEN?   So let's install a door where pretty much all the A/C (or heat in winter) can get sucked out of the room each time a new person walks in or out.   (So, right off the bat I subtract 1/2 star for the ridiculously ostentatious and eco-unfriendly door.)   Then, the layout.   Bar to the left, check.  Restaurant to the right - sorta.   A long thin line of tables around the open kitchen.  Awkward layout.  Minus a quarter star.    Service good.  Food good.   But that layout again... sitting there feeling like I'm under surveillance by the staff at all times, ugh.   And it's waaaay too cold in there - oh they must have to keep it colder so that when that big door opens and all the A/C goes outside it can recover quickly, oh yeah.    So then I need to go to the restroom after all that iced tea..... uh.... very fancy uni-stalls - can't blame them for the need to have these superlarge stalls I guess because it's required by the ADA.... but then how do they get away with the absurdly ridiculous unisex, out-in-public "SINK" - if it can be called a sink.   So you're done with your business and you are now out among the public to wash your hands and adjust your makeup - ladies, do we want to do that IN PUBLIC?   Methinks not either.  But at this trendy-gone-bad restaurant restroom, the ladies on one side of a big mirror wash their hands over some pebbles with an automatically-activated sprinkler system that serves up enough water for a lineup of maybe 6 or 8 people at a time.  Again, people - we live in the middle of a DESERT.   Water is precious.   And yet here at Christopher's it is triggered to run freely to wash my hands (again, IN PUBLIC) longer than I need and over about a 6 foot wide area.  I just measured my hands and they are only 8 inches wide.

People can disagree about the food - I find it delicious.  I particularly love the grilled salmon and I've had wonderful fresh soups at Christopher's.   At the old location I had many joyous meals and celebrations.  But this new location has just left me flat.   I won't be back unless dragged there by others.
