nkHaix6KenApS8M-liZsCQ Just like before they moved, great food, spotty service. 

For starters, I walked in alone and asked if my other party had arrived. She said 'No'. Ok....no problem. I immediately became distracted by a gal I knew that works there. We chatted for about 3-4 minutes. I said, hey, by the way, can you check to see if my party has arrived? She did a quick check on their  computer and said "oh yes, they're here". Wow!!! Quickly got over being annoyed and was directed to the table. 

Oh, my! I just love what you've done with the place!  The decor is funky and hip. Lots of clean lines and interesting textures.  

For appetizer, I got the assorted beet salad w/ goat cheese and roasted pistachios. The presentation alone made my mouth water. It could've been roasted shoestring and I would have eaten it! LOL! The plates are large, white  and square with contrasting angles. Makes any dish look 50% better. The app was great! The goat cheese melted in my mouth and the beets were perfectly sweet on their own. 

So I got the Friday special which is braised lamb shank w/ assorted root vegetables. To my surprise it was also garnished w/ wild mushrooms. This would have been nice to know... as so many folks don't like or are allergic to mushrooms. The lamb was fall off the bone tender and flavorful. The root veggies were amazing! 

Sidekicks: The side of steamed asparagus was over-done. The mac and cheese rivals City Hall's. I said RIVALS. Not beat. Rivals. You know how I adore my Mastro's City Hall Mac n Cheese!!! The creamy polenta was top notch! Last but not least, the sauteed spinach was yummy in the tummy also. 

Let's go back a bit. The 12oz filet was good. Not steakhouse good. But good. 

One more step back, the Pinot Noir the server suggested (from CA) was good. A little sweet for my taste, but good. I should have known better and trusted my own instincts b/c he didn't seem to know much about his wine list and the characteristics of each wine. Oh, and did I mention that he never came back to fill wine glasses!?! Geeze dude! I can't say he was new b/c I didn't ask. I just know that Christophers has NEVER been on my top list for great service. Just great food. 

Bon Appetite!
