nkHaix6KenApS8M-liZsCQ I really want to give Christopher's five stars because I have always had delicious food there, love the atmosphere's blend of fine dining and a hipper, more urban feel, and have nothing but high praise for their drinks, wine list, and the servers' and bartenders' aptitude to make wine pairing suggestions.  But there is just something a little off with the service here, which makes me hold back on that final star.  Don't get me wrong, I have never had anything but good service here, but it just doesn't hold up to the level that you'd expect from a restaurant that, at least by menu and price, purports to be a higher level establishment.  I've found my servers to be friendly and provide adequate and timely service consistently, but more often than not, they're also a bit too familiar, too casual, too disinterested, and bordering on, if not well into the realm of, flippant.  If I was dining at Oregano's, the Vig, or a Sam Fox restaurant, this might not seem odd to me.  But at Christopher's, with its white napkins and tablecloths, proper place settings, and elegant French menu, it just mars my experience a bit.

That being said, Christopher's and Crush Lounge are always one of my favorite spots for a long, indulgent lunch, a delicious French dinner, or a few bites at the bar.  They have a solid burger and fries (truffled fries are also on the menu!), a lovely cheese selection, delicious mussels served with slices of Spanish chorizo, well-prepared fois gras, and an unmissable tender and rich pig's foot (try it, you'll like it!).  They do a reasonably priced and never-disappointing 6-course tasting menu ($75) with wine pairings ($25).  Their drinks are fantastic and I always find a wine I love while dining there.  I'd steer clear of the escargot en croute - it's baked with a layer of puff pastry rather than served with crusty bread and the addition of tomatoes, to me, just detracts from the richness of the garlic butter I love to sop up after each little snail has been devoured.  But, truly, it's difficult to go wrong with anything on Christopher's/Crush Lounge's menu.
