nkHaix6KenApS8M-liZsCQ Christopher Crush brings french cuisine to the valley in a classy yet trendy atmosphere. I had the pleasure of finding this place through one of Arizona's many restaurant weeks.

Christopher Crush is located in the Northwest side of the mall and the easiest way to get in is through the parking garage. There is tons of ample parking and just a few steps away from parking your car.

The restaurant has a small patio area and when you enter, there is a giant glass door with decoration. To your left you can see the lounge which has a fun ambient atmosphere. There are a lot of reds tones, nice rose colored couches and fun pictures adorning the bar. We haven't tried the bar yet but next time we visit, we will make sure to enjoy the lounge.

The inside of the restaurant has a large kitchen which is open and clean. You can see the chefs at work and there is even sitting in front which is separated by a beautiful counter. There are several sitting sections for groups which helps to separate the noise in the restaurant. I appreciated this as it helped to make it feel more intimate. the wall was sleek, with sunflowers in small skinny tubes on the walls. 

Our waiter remembered us from our visit over a year ago. They give complimentary bread and butter to help draw you into the culinary experience. They have a giant wine list, if you want a mixed drink list, you need to ask for a menu. My husband ordered the Penicillin and I ordered the Sherry drink. The drinks were both fantastic and worth the price. 

We ordered our meals, I picked the foie gras, duck confit and the apple galette. First off the foie gras here is exquisite!! Literally if I had to describe it, it is similar to a butter consistency as it melts in your mouth. With a hint of a rich meaty taste. If you have not tried this, it is worth every morsel.

The duck confit as so scrumptious. The meat fell off the bone and the skin was so crispy. My husband ordered the hangar steak with Gruyere gratin potatoes. The potatoes were rich and the cheese was the perfect combination. The steak was cooked rare for my husband and the flavors were so bold. The meat was perfect and not chewy in the least bit.

Finally I had Apple Galette for dessert. The bottom was thinly sliced apple slices that formed a circle. The whole thing was caramelized with a light caramel sauce underneath. there was even caramelized sugar on top with vanilla ice cream. It was the perfect compliment to our meal.

Overall, I lover Christopher's and we will keep coming back. They also have daily brunch specials and pizzas. I haven't tried those yet but in the future, I will give it a bite. Great service, great cuisine and a passion that can be tasted and enjoyed through every step of the meal.
