nkHaix6KenApS8M-liZsCQ From the time you enter till the time you depart, Christopher's exudes a comfortable luxury. Sleek elegant lighting casts upon gorgeous wood and glass surfaces accented with pops of orange and brown. Deep overstuffed chairs that cradle and beckon you to stay a while longer. These elements combined with a James Beard award winning chef sets the stage for romance and sophistication.

Chef-owner Christopher Gross' latest restaurant is located in the updated Biltmore Fashion Park adjacent to Sak's Fifth Avenue. Main parking can be intolerable and downright frustrating, though if you enter towards the back, there is plenty of good parking in the structure. 

Beyond the warm greeting from the hosts, there are 2 distinct spaces in the restaurant; one side is Christopher's and the other Crush lounge. At Crush, have a seat in one of the cushy banquettes and enjoy a menu of small plates, pizzas and wine. On the other side, Christopher's is the more formal dining space and while sophisticated is by no means stuffy. 

Christopher's menu is mostly French inspired, though I think of it as well traveled with hints of Italian and Asian. Chef Gross' worldliness comes from positions in Paris, London and Normandy. With so much expertise, it's no wonder he has been awarded so many accolades, including afore mentioned James Beard award for Best Chef Southwest.

Ordering up some "First Plates" to share, Alsatian onion tart, ($14) a rectangle of flaky puff pastry adorned with sweet caramelized onions, bacon and a salad of frisée dressed with pungent vinaigrette will awaken your palette. I could have easily eaten the whole thing rather than just a few bites. 

Creamy Terrine of Hudson Valley Foie Gras ($24) was neatly placed along side a brandied date tart, points of toasted brioche and a drizzle of Pedro Ximénez wine reduction. This was slow eating at its finest as I built each component onto the end of my fork. 

A salad composed with delightfully salty Duck Confit ($16) mixed greens, Humboldt Fog cheese and Cognac infused cherries was a triumph. But the Butter Poached Lobster ($18) with fresh greens, pine nuts and roasted fennel vinaigrette was better and now my new favorite. 

How about a few suggestions for your main course? Definitely the smoked truffle infused Filet Mignon ($36), tender, earthy and ambrosial. We also enjoyed the 12 oz. New York Steak ($34), cast iron seared and pepper-crusted. Heightened with cracked pepper, the beef flavor was piquant and juicy.

Consider a few sides too, such as the Mac n'Cheese Au Gratin ($7) with velvety cream sauce spiked with ham or the additively smooth Gruyère Pommes Purée ($7). And maybe a vegetable, the Brussels Sprouts ($7) were a special that night, deliciously bitter and sweet.

While the fare was delightful and service professional, each course became more strained as the night wore on with our waiter disappearing for long periods of time. Finally having to ask for the check, we decided to skip the sweets, there simply wasn't room.

Chef Gross has it going on here, fantastic food, a great wine list and most of all my new favorite date spot.
