nkHaix6KenApS8M-liZsCQ Let me begin this review by apologizing in advance, to all I offend and the other previous yelpers who have reviewed this establishment with such high regards.

My companion and I were greeted by a warm welcome by hostess and immediately seated at our table.  My first impressions of the waiter was that he was both friendly and attentive, that would be the saving grace(if any) of this experience.  While there were many open booths and tables, we were seated in between two older couples in the back of the restaurant. It was so quiet, I asked our waiter if we were allowed to talk.  We ordered the bottled water service and received our menus.  Upon receipt of the menu, my eyes lit up.  There were so many dynamic choices and eye catching listings, that I was having trouble deciding upon both my appetizer and entree.

I ordered a dirty grey goose martini with extra olives and my companion a glass of Cabernet.  My martini was not dirty at all, which made it somewhat enjoyable as it was just chilled vodka,  but the blue cheese olives were abundant and phenomenal.   Our first course arrived and we had decided to share the sweetbreads and the vegetable risotto.  I was a few bites in when it dawned on me that I was about to have an "Avalon" moment.  An exhilarating menu with food that falls infallibly short.  The sweetbreads were covered in some charred type substance neither of us could make out. The sweetbreads were tough and had absolutely no seasoning. The lack of seasoning would become a trend of the entire evening.  The vegetable risotto is not listed or advertised correctly.  It is a small layer of sauce, a few kernels of arborio rice and a pile of vegetables.  I like vegetables as well, but when I am ordering risotto, I would actually like the starch as well.  The risotto needed more than a few pinches of salt and the sweetbreads were inedible.  

I thought at this point, that the entrees we had ordered would save the day.  I would be wrong.  My companion ordered the house specialty, the squab.  In my twenty five years of dining, I have never been so embarrassed for a kitchen, as i was for this kitchen, when the food was tasted.  The squab was supposed to be a two legs, confit style, and two breasts that were roasted.  Oh my.  How this dish was able to leave the kitchen I will never quite understand.  It was entirely undercooked, gamey, unseasoned, uncuttable and overall ghastly, just ghastly.  My scallops looked appealing, but for a thirty-two dollar price tag, I was hoping for a bit more than four scallops and a small stack of greens.  Nevertheless, i forged ahead and gave it a try.  The scallops were undercooked, underseasoned(see a trend here?), and utterly tasteless.  

My dining partner and I stared at each other for a few moments before we started laughing. One of the best parts about having a really bad meal is that you get to joke about it for a while and the bad meal repays itself in comedy.  That would not be the case here.  When the bill was brought to me and I opened to review, my mouth hit the floor.  Fifteen dollars for that crappy martini? Fourteen dollars in water? We figured that one out, that the waiter brought us a new bottle at the end of the meal, without us asking us and the bottle remained 95% full, but we were charged an additional seven dollars for it.  The bill of $154 dollars, was an outrage to say the least. The squab was inedible, the scallops a disaster, and the appetizers a joke.

Sorry for bursting the bubble for people on this one, but my recommendation is to PASS.
