nkHaix6KenApS8M-liZsCQ OK yelpers here goes..... I AM IN LOVE WITH CHRISTOPHERS! Delish~! 

I usually only eat at the high end froofy restaurants a couple times a year. 1 because prices are high and 2 the servings usually small and let us not forget the Ala cart menu's. Lets face it up scale dining has come to sauces as a side dish. Never the less I like to be adventurous and splurge now and then! 

I really like the decor the ginormous front door is cool and it opens to a very elegant, hip and trendy kind of suave atmosphere. I'm diggin the kitchen in the middle of the restaurant too. The funky board listing the specials and the almost unisex bathroom. Be careful here that you choose the correct side. The sink is fun except when you reach under the trickles of water and find yourself bumping your hand against someone on the other side. Yeah it happened to me :P 

I started with the Jasmin blackberry infused green tea. Yum! Mind you it is lunchtime so no liquor for me thanks. Although I maybe could have used just a sip or two today. I chose the butter poached lobster, arugula, pine nut and roasted fennel vinaigrette salad. WOW that was tasty and large enough to split with a friend so I did.

For the main course I selected the Smoked truffle infused filet Mignon! OH YEAH MOMMY LIKES~! OMG I know it is over used but OMG! This steak was so delectable I wanted another for desert. Is that wrong? It comes with your choice of 3 sauces to compliment it. I think a Bearnaise, I know a red wine reduction or a brandy peppercorn. I chose the brandy peppercorn, but this steak was so outstanding I didn't want to ruin it with my fork. Let alone a sauce. Do I ordered it on the side. I did try the sauce and it was heaven. So I used it to dip my veggie mix in. Heck ya I'm a little silly like that. 

Lets just say if this was a meal eaten at home the plate would have been licked clean! By far hands down the best filet I have eaten to date. I am from the Midwest and we ate steak at least once a week. This steak was amazing, delectable, outstanding, stupendous and did I say good? 

The service was spot on! Our server knew everything about the menu and described everything in great detail! Bravo!

Go now and eat it! Christopher I could kiss you! You get 10 steak knives up for that meal.  THANKS, your latest groupie~

PS. Diners leave your kids at home, this is no place for them ever! Go hire a sitter, if you can afford to eat here you can afford to pay someone to watch your screaming child so I don't have to. Cheesecake factory is around the corner and they love your kids. :)
