nkHaix6KenApS8M-liZsCQ I travel often and dine out every meal. I felt obligated to share an experience I had in Phoenix a couple of weeks ago.
I had a good day of business and wanted to treat myself. I searched for a French restaurant near and was given Christopher's as the nearest. I read the menu on line and decided to go but almost didn't go in after seeing the dirty windows and messy outside dining area. But I thought it was like that because of all the recent rains, so I went on inside.
Upon entering a dark haired gentleman at the host booth almost made me walk right back out. I was only one person and he seemed agitated about having to figure out where to seat me. He wasn't the host, but later I was able to deduce that he was a waiter with some authority. He was rude, hurried, messy looking and simply not friendly. He sat me near the front and said my waiter would be right here. He then walked over to another man, pointed at me, and walked around the restaurant in his hurried messy way.
My waiter walked over and introduced himself as Johnny and asked if I preferred bottled water. This waiter is the only reason I stayed to eat. He was well mannered, efficient. I asked a lot of questions about the menu and he answered them all effectively. He smiled a lot and was attentive to me, a single guy in this restaurant. I often have waiters ignore me because I'm alone but this gentleman was obviously a polished, experienced, professional waiter.
I asked about several items and decided on blood sausage for my first course and duck 2 ways second course. Johnny clarified with me on my order because I ordered 2 entrees. I thought that was amazing because most waiters would be thrilled with a bigger ticket. He did a perfect job all night in spite of being interrupted by the dark haired waiter. When I asked he suggested "an old world wine that would pair well with both dishes" and he was right again.
When the food arrived it was just like he said it was. Blood sausage circles is the easiest way to describe it. And the duck 2 ways was wonderful as well. After settling in to eat and bread delivered and the waiter calming me down I did notice a well run kitchen and nice fine dining set up on tables.
I would highly recommend this restaurant to anyone who enjoys wonderfully made French food. I would also suggest you ask for Johnny as your waiter. When I visit again in a couple weeks that is what I'm going to do.
