31KfCljxlb6zRS8r00lm2w I had two so much different experiences in a week time in Duc de Lorraine that I have the feeling I visited two different places. Well the location and personnel were the same. The host and waiting stuff are overall very accommodating, and the service is fine. What I had problems with is the croissant quality which was the main reason for my visit. 

Sunday #1. I have an important business in Côte des Neiges. It is a beautiful sunny fall day, somebody is craving croissant and Yelp told us Duc de Lorraine offers some of the best. It is indeed my first visit in this very popular French bakery. The place is packed with brunching customers, but we are seated shortly. The croissants and pain aux raisins are amazing. So good that we actually depart with two croissants for the next morning and even after almost 24 hours the croissants are as good. With the addition of two glasses of prosecco (yes, they have full bar) we definitely depart extremely happy.

Sunday #2. After a long and exhausting work week I'm craving the very same croissants. Why not have coffee and croissant at the same place? Duc de Lorraine is packed again. The wait is approximately 15 minutes, that allows me to look at the new batch of croissant that are just baked and arranged behind the counter glass. They somehow look strange, lack the usual brownish color. People who came after us are seated first, that little frustration is somehow resolved as at least we are getting the table we prefer. The croissants arrive and they are the worse I have ever had. May be that would be the way my first home made batch of croissants will be if I ever decide to make them myself, they lacked fluffiness and multiple layers, the bottom was under baked dough. I actually can get better croissants in Provigo. The cappuccino was only so so. We depart not so happy. 

I really like Duc de Lorraine, but they lack consistency and I have no interest to go back. You can't exist based on your previous fame, if you have produced crappy batch of croissants just don't offer them to your customers. I feel really bad writing a three star review, but this is the final math after summing up my experience from Sun #1 and #2.
