nWW6fBfBljiRFa4sG7TyxA 3.5stars that I'll bump to 4 for good potential... And giving them the benefit of the doubt with regard to the poor seasoning.

Came for dinner on a Sat night with my bf. There were a few other tables of guests, but no crowd and no wait. I tend to shy away from places without a crowd that clearly lives to eat there, but glad we tried it.

Food: I got the roasted duck and it was delicious. The bf doesn't usually like duck unless it's at a Chinese restaurant, but even he liked it. It came with a duck meatball that I couldn't eat because it was just too salty. We ended up eating it with his steak that must not have been seasoned at all. He got the Ohio Beef, which came with short rib and steak. The short rib was done perfectly!  It was seasoned well, tender, fall off the bone, melt in your mouth. The steak, on the other hand, tasted like nothing. Good thing we had the super salty duck meatball to eat it with. 

Service: the staff were friendly, attentive, and helpful. The food took way too long to come out. Good thing I had a good glass of wine to drink while I waited. But if I had known the food takes so long, I would have gotten an appetizer or a salad to hold me over.

We'll likely give them a second try and see if seasoning is better on another night with other choices from the menu. But if not, they likely will not ever get a 3rd try...  Great potential with a little more attention to detail. Taste your food for seasoning please!

-----------------------------------
Explanation of my rating system -
5*: Epitome of something, the best I've had, would LOVE to go back
4*: Great food and happy to go back regularly, but not the best of the category
3*: Food is fine.  I may spontaneously decide to go there based on convenience.  But no need to go back either.
2*: If you insist.  I guess I'll come along if someone wants to go. But I wouldn't have picked it.
1*: No plans to come back.  I'll try to talk companions out of going. If they insist, I may come and not eat, or may just see them some other time.
