nWW6fBfBljiRFa4sG7TyxA Remember when you went to a restaurant, spent $50 on a dinner and left it so hungry that devoured  stale  potato chips in the car on the way home? I bet that was fun.
That's exactly what happened to me at this very doubtful joint. Please do not get me wrong - I am very familiar with fancy meals and places, so familiar that fancy can be easily my middle name. But The Black Pig just did not measure up : it had the service of a regular Cleveland diner and prices of Meatpacking District.  My entree ( steak dinner and short rib) was a size of a fist and a price of an entire cow ( whooping $22!!). 
It did taste good though, all 3 bites of it. I immediately felt like a Gulliver when tried to pick up a fancy potato crisp that was artistically thrown on a my 2 oz slice of a steak. Orphans during Second World War had bigger portions, I swear.
Utterly confused by the sight of our entrees ( my friend had exactly 3 tiny bites of a duck), we had nothing to do but to have some wine and good thoughts for dinner being offered no bread or any additional sides. The waitress somehow managed to lose her interest in us ridiculously fast and when I asked her to come back with a dessert menu, she showed back up without such but with the checks. That was ok though - I already pictured how I would have been offered half of a fancy donut or chocolate chip cookie crumbles for additional $10. Again I am happy to reassure you - we are not some  hungry barbarians without class who wanted super-sized burgers. We were willing to pay extra to experience better things - being hungry is just not one of them. 
And are you about to tell me that we got ripped off like this because of the patio with a spectacular view?  I can tell you that next time I would like to see Cleveland skyline with its one skyscraper and red glowing Key Bank sign, I am jumping on the roof next to the Black Pig patio where some dishwashers from the restaurant near by were eating french fries and enjoying the view - completely free of charge. And something tells me that they left their roof  more satisfied and happy than we did.
My advise to you - eat before you go there, bring tons of cash, patience ( meals take forever) and a date with a history of gastric bypass suregry.
