O_C-2kZMHGnq3ZDL_OaG6Q Things you will NOT find at Morel's:

Fresh fruit
Seasonings
Pristine Service

Things you will find at Morel's:

Overpriced menu items for the quality being served
Odd, bumbled service
Under-seasoned food

My friend and I decided to do breakfast at Morel's. We have somewhat of a tradition going on of trying new places to eat at. Our most recent jaunts have been to French places. Morel's comes in at our number three experience at a French restaurant on the strip and it is dead last based on service and food.

The reason for two stars has to do with the food primarily. I can overlook poor service if the food is spectacular, but Morel's is putting out average food parading as fresh French cuisine. With so many other better options to eat at on the Strip Morel's should be ashamed at what they are plating.

To begin we ordered the fruit plate. An assortment of tragically cut mediocre fruit is what was served. Blueberries that were not fresh, but looked as though they had been frozen for days. ONE strawberry haphazardly cut, a measly portion of pineapples, cantaloupe and honeydew melon. I could have gotten this assortment of fruit at Denny's, in a bowl, as a side dish, without the $11 price tag. Truly a waste.

I had: Crab Eggs Benedict. While the presentation was perfect the execution was poor. It was plain and simple: BLAND. The crab was tasteless, the bread was decent, the entire dish - didn't seem to be seasoned at all! To add to this, there was no salt or pepper on the table. I realized I should have salted and peppered my dish about halfway through it and at that point I basically said screw it, I'm just going to finish it.

My friend had: Crab Omelet with a side of potatoes, mushrooms, and peppers. This was touted to be amazing by our server.... it was also bland, lacking any real depth or flavor. The dish sorely needed salt, just something to make the potatoes pop. I've had better breakfast potatoes at numerous establishments that could beat these by a long shot. My friend ordered a side of mustard just to give her meal a bit more kick to it.

Costa Rican Pressed Coffee - At $5 for the press this is a bit of a splurge, but honestly the coffee was the best part of my meal.

Service - Our server was nice, but the busser didn't bother to acknowledge our table's presence when we sat down. We were approached by a server who wanted to take our order AFTER we had already put in our order with another server. I mean, stuff like this I might dismiss at other restaurants, but not at a place where I'm paying $11 for a plate of fruit. STEP UP YO GAME MOREL'S.

Overall - I will not return here. There are numerous other places in Las Vegas to find a good breakfast. And honestly if they can't do breakfast right I have very low expectations of their dinner service and quality of steaks.
