O_C-2kZMHGnq3ZDL_OaG6Q Had a good but not great brunch at Morels on a Saturday.  We had a group of 9 and were seated at a large circular table near the window facing the Strip.  Service was very strong throughout the meal.  

You start with gratis toast, strawberry jam, and butter.  The jam is legit.  It's housemade and it was fantastic.  Were I to return I would definitely get a couple of slices of toast again.

I went with the chicken and waffles and also tried some scrambled eggs and potatoes off of another plate.  I also had a glass of orange juice which was very good.  Way better than I was expecting.  Clearly fresh squeezed and chilled.  Best OJ I've had in a long time.

The chicken and waffles comes with a lot of chicken.  I gave a couple of pieces away and still had plenty.  The waffle is nice and crispy but it's dry.  It sucked up the syrup like a sponge, I had to ask for another serving.  It's a good waffle, I had better on our trip, but it was good.  The chicken is crispy but needed seasoning.  I enjoyed this dish enough to order it again, but I imagine were I to return to Morels I would try something else, because the chicken and waffles weren't so good that I MUST get them again.

The eggs and potatoes were decent but had issues.  The eggs were scrambled too hard, they were fairly overcooked.  Also, my brother ordered the eggs with cheddar cheese, and all they did was lay a piece of cheddar on top rather than scrambling it with the cheese.  I am guessing this is why they were overcooked, they cooked the entire thing under the salamander to get the cheese melted after they had already scrambled the eggs.  The potatoes weren't seasoned in any way I could discern.  Once you added salt and pepper they were okay, but this was another disappointment.

We had a great lunch, I was catching up with old friends from my time living in Vegas.  They kept refilling our bottomless mimosas ($25) and did not rush us at all even though the meal had been over for around an hour.  Very hospitable.
