O_C-2kZMHGnq3ZDL_OaG6Q Never say never, apparently.  I'll put this back on a list of places I'll go again and a place that you should go.  Under new general management!!!

4ish stars for food/atmosphere/etc.
5 stars for service

Full disclosure: this was the "let us make it up to you meal."  Constantin, the new general manager, saw my review on Yelp and contacted me to apologize for my terrible experience (the first true apology I received, mind you) and wanted us to come back so he could make it up to us and show us how Morels has changed.  He seemed very earnest and I'm fairly open minded, so off to Morels we were!

Constantin came right over after we were seated to say hello and thank us for trying them out again.  He briefly explained the menu he had planned for us and introduced Matt, our server.  Honestly, Matt seemed a bit nervous at first; I think he was concerned that we were super snotty or something, but after we chatted him up, he calmed down quite a bit and opened up a lot.  He was a good server and a cool guy! 

On to the food:
Amuse Bouche: Fresh Crab Salad on a homemade truffle potato chip.  Crab was excellent and the mixes of textures and salty/savory was great!
Oysters: Yummy Kumamotos; super good, as would be expected.

(There are wine/champagne pairings in here, but I dont recall what they were; they matched wonderfully though!)

Appetizer: Chef's Prime Beef Tenderloin Tartar: omg so good!  The quail egg and truffle chips were an excellent complement to the quality beef. I normally wouldn't order beef tartar, but I would order this again!
Iron Cast Roasted Branzino: I was very impressed with this dish.  I'm not a huge cooked fish person, but I recently tried the branzino at Angelini Osteria in Los Angeles.  Angelini is a favorite of mine but I only tried the fish because Wolfgang Puck praised it on Best Thing I Ever Ate.  It was alright.  The branzino here at Morels was so good; cooked perfectly, nicely moist, and served with a nice beurre blanc.  
Petite Cut Filet: Pretty good.  I enjoyed the quality of the meat and the preparation.  There is an interesting cumin-based rub they use that might scare off some diners; I liked it but it did overpower some bites for sure.

Our favorite cheesemonger, Jake (who is now a server) came by to see if we had any preferences and proceeded to hook us up with some amazing cheese.  Matt then had the gall to bring us dessert!!! I can't recall the name but it had some fresh fruit and a meringue mixture.  I'm not doing it justice, but it was a nice bite or so. I was far too full!

Before he left for the night, Constantin came to check on us one more time.  He was the consummate gentleman and totally made up for our previous experience.  While I 100% stand by my previous review, I'm sorry that we experienced Morels at such a down point (with the previous manager) and thought so poorly of the restaurant for so long.  Thanks Matt for being a great server! And, thank you to Constantin for having faith in us as customers to know good service and food when we see it.  

We're very excited to go back!
