O_C-2kZMHGnq3ZDL_OaG6Q I woke up this morning, logged on to opentable.com and looked up reservation times of 12:30pm for 2.  Out of the list of places to eat, Morels stuck out to me.  I decided to make the online reservation and get ready for an adventure.

Palazzo is a beautiful hotel in the heart of the strip, and Morels is the perfect restaurant there.  Its decor is sexy and chique, using black and white with hints of wine, and very sexy paintings on the main wall.  As we entered the restaurant we were greeted by two lovely ladies who sat us indoors near the windows.  

Our server was more than helpful, and as usual I asked for suggestions for lunch.  He brought out the dinner menu because their steaks are always available, and I went with their 100% Kansas raised bone in new york, medium.  For starters we had a charcuterie of  proscuitto and salami, complimented with 3 types of cheeses: a blue cheese blend of goat and sheep milk, as well as a brie and capricorn.  It arrived with some walnut cake slices, fresh honey comb, walnut spread, as well as a mini baguette sliced to eat, grain mustard, mini pickles and pickled onions.  All of it was savory, beautiful, and incredibly wonderful to eat.  With the steaks we ordered mushrooms sauteed in truffle butter, along with pomme frites with an out of this world truffle mayonnaise made in house.

All of the food was heavenly.  First, the cured meat was freshly sliced nearby, and we watched the chef slice it deli thin along with the cheeses.  He was meticulous with the plating despite it being a casual appetizer.  The cheeses were fabulous.  I am not a blue cheese person, but I will eat that blue cheese we ordered every single day if I could afford it.  The honey comb along with the walnut cake was amazing, as was the other two cheeses we ordered.  

As for the steaks--I couldn't be happier.  The carry over made the steak the perfect medium that I desired.  With nothing but salt and black pepper to season, as well as a teaspoon of herb butter on top, it was thick, juicy, and worth every penny.  The side dishes weren't just side dishes--they were meals in themselves!  Mushrooms were just the right texture and seasoned well, and the pomme frites were the best I've had in Vegas.  I love a good fry, but when you add a dipping sauce like a truffle mayo that they make, it's to die for.  I wanted to smother it on everything.  I could taste the hint of lemon zest and black pepper as well.  It was fantastic.

We ended the lunch with their signature souffle.  I've had one before at Wolfgang Puck's, and it was fair. This, however, was incredible.  Soft, fluffy and light as it should be, the dessert itself wasn't overpowering and because they used premium cocoa, the sweetness was well balanced.  Their vanilla bean sauce was so good.  I wanted to lick the plate when I was done.

Overall, a great meal at under 200 dollars.  Well worth the price tag.  In Vegas, it's easy to spend a lot of money at a restaurant that serves mediocre food.  Morels, however, is worth every penny.

Make the trip.  It's worth the time.
