O_C-2kZMHGnq3ZDL_OaG6Q After wandering around the Palazzo looking at the menus of pretty much every restaurant there, my friend and I chose to settle in at Morels. Good choice!

It's a very classy place, with clean, classic decor, nice art on the walls, dim lighting. The modern glowing green Exit signs were the only thing that detracted from the very nice appearance of the place. Walking in you pass the fresh seafood on ice by the bar, and then their cheese area and charcuterie.

The cheese and wine menus are both extensive and both come from all over the world. I chose a glass of white wine to start. In order to save ourselves the trouble of picking out cheese, we just went with the cheese fondue (though they had a cheese expert that I'm sure would have been happy to help us with our cheese orders, had we asked). I'm quite happy with that choice, as the fondue was excellent.

The entrees were equally delicious. I had the brick chicken, which was incredibly tasty. It was probably the best meal I had on that trip to Vegas. My friend reported that his wet aged steak was very good as well. The frites with truffle mayonaisse were also good. If you are a steak connoisseur with money to burn, they have Japanese Wagyu steak for $185.

I was too stuffed for dessert so I didn't get to try that.

Despite having a 3-man team dedicated to serving us (and I counted 7 people that brought us food or interacted with us, excluding the hostess) the service wasn't quite as attentive as I would have expected. It wasn't bad by any means, but we had to wait a bit for someone to take our orders, and sometimes for water refills. It was certainly not enough to keep me from going back there.

Prices... well, it's Vegas, and a restaurant in a hotel on the strip. What do you expect? The prices were about on par with the location and the caliber of the restaurant.

One other thing, they have a nice patio area above the strip overlooking Treasure Island. Unfortunately it was a cool, extremely windy night so we didn't get to enjoy it.
