O_C-2kZMHGnq3ZDL_OaG6Q I came here Sunday 6/12 with a girlfriend for brunch during Restaurant Week. I love Restaurant Week because you get to enjoy good food and it's for a good cause. A portion of all proceeds goes to help the Three Square food bank in Southern Nevada. She made a reservation online using Open Table for 11am. Morels is located in the Grand Lobby at the Palazzo, right next to the hotel check in and Lavo. We arrived promptly for our reso and it was found right away. We asked to sit outside on the patio and we were seated at a table in the shade. 

The Restaurant Week menu included a 3 course meal of either breakfast or lunch. Dinner is also available later in the evening. My friend and I opted to do both breakfast and lunch and share everything. The first courses were seasonal fruit and yogurt and a Greek salad. We got to pick our mains and we chose steak frites and classic eggs benedict. And for dessert we got vanilla creme brulee and a strawberry crepe. I also ordered an orange juice, and she was supposed to receive French pressed coffee as it came with the breakfast, but it wasn't until we were well into our second course that we had to flag someone down to bring us the coffee. My friend also said she would have probably ordered a bloody mary from the cart they had, but was never offered. That is the only gripe I have to say about Morel's is the service was lacking. 

Food wise, everything was delicious. The seasonal fruit was fresh and paired nicely with the vanilla yogurt. The Greek salad was like a wedge salad with tons of olives, feta, and tomatoes dressed in a light vinaigrette. The steak frites was an 8oz piece of skirt steak and fries. The steak was cooked perfectly medium as we requested. The fries although plain were quite tasty. I dipped them in some ketchup. I enjoyed the classic benedict, which was 2 poached eggs, country ham and a generous amount of hollandaise atop a thick piece of brioche bread. Last but not least, dessert. The vanilla creme brulee was fantastic. I loved breaking into the sugary shell and indulging in the smooth vanilla egg custard underneath. I could have eaten the whole thing, but I had a delicious strawberry crepe waiting for me. The crepe was light and airy, filled with a lovely whipped cream and then topped with strawberries, bananas, and chocolate sauce. For both of us we spent around $32 with tax and tip which is not bad when brunching on the strip. We both agreed that we would definitely come back to Morel's.
