O_C-2kZMHGnq3ZDL_OaG6Q 5-star review for LUNCH ONLY!
I'm not a huge fan of their dinner, to be honest (mostly because there are so many other better options in this fabulous city).

My family and I make it a point to dine here for one of our lunches every time we travel to Vegas, which is luckily 5 or so times a year. They have a seasonal menu, but they generally keep their best-sellers. They also have a splendid brunch menu, and with this they serve mini donuts/beignets of a sort, rolled in sugar; when warm, these are like starting the meal with dessert (uh, who said that's a bad thing?)

So, without further ado, I have three extremely crucial words for you: GET.THE.QUICHE. This is like no other quiche I have had in my life (and I've had my share). It's like they imported it right out of France, because this is to a T exactly how they make it in le Paris. It isn't thick to where the egg takes control over your taste buds...it's so airy and fluffy, but still has the slightest crisp on the outside layer-- you essentially won't have to chew this dish because it's so creamy and fluffy. Embedded throughout this piece of absolute heaven is applewood smoked bacon (the thick cut kind!), perfectly carmelized onions, and a cheese, possibly Gruyere? Deceivingly light, this is one rich piece quiche. It comes with choice of pommes frites or salad, and the fries are on par with some of the better thin fries I've ever had. 

Now, for the other options (almost overshadowed by the masterpieceofquiche). The Croque Monsieur is also quite tasty and has just the right amount of ham-layering to cheese ratio. My dad frequently gets the omelets  and they are also worth ordering if you're looking for a more savory option. On normal days, they serve some bread (conjoined twin pieces) with a pesto-like dipping sauce (we also get butter with the Hawaiian sea salt sprinkled across the top as that's what they used to serve..you'll have to request it, probably). 

For dessert, you cannot steer wrong from the sorbet/ice cream selections. With a wiiiide array of flavors, you can get three scoops served in a cross-cookie type of concoction alongside a dollop of whipped cream and strawberry slices. Try the vanilla almond ice cream and the coconut sorbet...Mmmm, palate-cleansing after a flawless meal.  

Steve used to be their best waiter, but he no longer works there. Nevertheless, we've never had any issues with their lunchtime service. GOOO here!
