O_C-2kZMHGnq3ZDL_OaG6Q I started a new December tradition this year--having breakfast on Christmas Day and New Year's Day somewhere on the Las Vegas Strip preferably with a patio and hopefully no wind.

I've been going to try Morels during Restaurant Week but never got to it.  I called last week to check that the patio was open for breakfast and that it was heated.  The woman I spoke to said, "Oh yes!  It's very nice."

I was there close to opening time this morning.  When I went in, I asked the host if the patio was open.  He said, "Yes, but it's cold out."  I replied that I knew and I had dressed warmly.  I was shown to a table facing TI.  During the 45 or so minutes I was there, I had no company on the patio and the heaters were not on nor were any turned on for my benefit.

Having read the Yelp reviews and the menu online, I think I knew when I went I would be ordering the mascarpone stuffed French toast.  I also got the Kenya AA Oaklands Estate coffee that was done in a French press.  I got a glass of tomato juice and some tabasco to make my spicy breakfast drink.

The French toast was excellent.  When I ordered, my server, Carlos, asked if I wanted the syrup on the side which was my choice.  The French toast is a nice sized round of tasty bread filled with mascarpone and topped with fresh strawberries, bananas, and a few raspberries.  The cinnamon on the toast and some crunchy sugar on the berries added to the fine flavor.  The syrup was good, but I could use it sparingly the French toast was so good.

Carlos brought me a second pot of coffee and I enjoyed sitting there watching the workers do some painting of the walls.  I hadn't seen any graffiti from New Year's Eve partiers, but maybe they were just cleaning up some foot prints where people jumped the wall to get to the closed Boulevard.

I would have given Morels four stars but for the heaters.  When you call ahead and get a yes answer and then it's not true and no one offered to light the one right behind me, it's a service let down for me.  Carlos was a fine server and we talked about where he had parked NYE so he could get to work and back to his car with the street closures.  He gave me some tips I'll put to use next year when I do go to the Boulevard or close instead of watching on TV.
