O_C-2kZMHGnq3ZDL_OaG6Q I want to give this place a higher rating because their cheese and seafood selection is so good, but seeing as how they bill themselves as a steakhouse - I just can't.

With that said, the grass-fed Kansas NY strip steak was completely average. I ordered it medium-rare and it was cooked properly, even though they've been known to have a hard time cooking a steak to a diner specifications. I had wanted to order some asparagus but they were out, so I got artichokes instead - these were only okay. So yeah, the steaks?  A total miss.

The seafood on the other hand... we got the seafood platter and it. was. phenomenal! The shrimp cocktail (which is usually just average) was the best I've ever had. The texture of the shrimp were just perfect, the chilled crab delightful and the oysters were fresh! They shuck them to order, and have a varied selection of sizes that span the east and west coast. These fresh fruits from the sea were served over crushed ice (how else?) accompanied by fresh lemon, mignonette (no shallots or black pepper to be found though), cocktail sauce and a whole grain mustard mayo. Wonderful! 

They definitely boast the most fantastic cheese selection in Las Vegas. My only concern is that they do not seem busy enough to possibly sell enough cheese to be turning it over quickly. With cheese, as soon as you cut into a wheel, the quality of it begins to go down. However, everything I had was delicious, especially with the fresh baguette, house made date spread and honey comb.

The charcuterie platter was equally delicious and a fantastic savory compliment with whole grain mustard, cocktail onions and cornichons! Mmm. Cured meats are my kryptonite.

I was informed by a former manager of the restaurant that Morel's had the best French Onion soup in town.. I found this to not be so. It arrived at the table not quite hot enough, not enough cheese, although the broth was robust it still seemed to be lacking something. If you're there and it's what you're craving, then okay.. but definitely not worth going out of your way for.

The pistachio souffle with cherry ice cream was more than worth the wait and I'd highly recommend it! I'm a sucker for a good souffle, and Morel's can do theirs right.

The wine list is also worth a mention as it is varied and lengthy and well thought out with a lot of interesting bottles. If you find the list intimidating, their French sommelier Alex will be more than happy to help you find something you'll adore.
