O_C-2kZMHGnq3ZDL_OaG6Q Our group of 10 dined at Morels in August of 2014. We make a trip to Las Vegas every summer and typically eat at one fine dining restaurant a visit. I personally go to Las Vegas at least twice a year and try to average 1 - 2 fine dining meals a trip. Earlier this trip my fiancee and I ate at Barrymore and we both felt that the meal at Morels was significantly better.

The reasons our group enjoyed our meal at Morels:
Service: I was the last of the group to arrive, so I do not know how the host / hostess did with the initial greeting. I do know that our party was seated promptly and professionally. Our waiter (Jake, I think) did an excellent job of answering menu questions and making recommendations. We had one vegetarian in the group and the chef made her a special pasta dish that was not on the menu. The support staff, sommelier and management were all extremely friendly and attentive.

Food: The food was OUTSTANDING. We had 2 meat and cheese plates to start things off and they set the tone for the rest of the evening. Our group ordered oysters in the half shell (they had 4 varieties that evening) and those of us that ate them enjoyed them. Morels offers a Caesar salad for 2 that is prepared tableside and it is delicious. 80% of the group ordered steak, breaking down to 6 filets and 1 porterhouse that was split by 2 folks. I was one of the guys enjoying the porterhouse and it was fantastic. All steaks were cooked to proper temperature. In terms of side dishes, I had tastes of the asparagus, mac n' cheese and french fries. I felt the mac n' cheese was very good and the other 2 sides were solid. The french fries are skinny cut, not thick steak fries. We also ordered a few desserts, my personal favorite were the doughnuts with jam. The overall quality of the food was excellent.

Atmosphere: Our reservation was for 8pm on a Saturday night. The restaurant was not very crowded when we arrived, and the atmosphere was comfortable and enjoyable. There was one other large party at the restaurant when we were seated and their presence did not affect our service or enjoyment of the dining area. After our meal, we went out on the balcony, which overlooks The Strip, and enjoyed a few after dinner drinks. By the time we left, the dining room was significantly busier but not too loud. 

Like any good steak restaurant, your meal will not be inexpensive. The question is: Do you feel like you got your money's worth at the end of the evening? Our group's response to this question is an overwhelming "YES!". I would not hesitate to recommend this restaurant and plan on going back in October.
