O_C-2kZMHGnq3ZDL_OaG6Q This is a review for breakfast. We went this morning and I ordered the American breakfast, which comes with three organic eggs, which I ordered sunny side up, and potatoes and a choice of meat, so I picked bacon, all organic. It also comes with brioche, yet only one slice of brioche like one slice of bread, not the classic two slices that one expects with an American breakfast. French pressed coffee or orange juice are included, and I ordered french pressed coffee. 
The coffee is very good. The breakfast itself was just OK. I would not order it again. I did not like only one slice of bread being that I ordered my eggs sunny side up to dip the bread in them. I also think that if you are going to advertise American breakfast, make sure that it is by standards and everybody serves two slices of toast, not one. The bacon was thick and it was delicious so that was very good. My friend ordered a side of sausage links and they were OK. The potatoes were a huge disappointment for me. They were not spiced well and in fact tasted earthy. I had Ketchup to go with them but I would not want to order them again.
My friend ordered a free range egg crab omelette that came with a lovely side salad that looked really good and a slice of brioche toast. She said the omelette was not that great and it was quite large. The salad was just ok too. 
What I was not impressed with was that, at the beginning, they bring out these triangle like bread dumplings that are covered in sugar... One of my friends said it tasted like churros. I thought it tasted like pure sugar. All I know is that it was too sweet and that is not what one is served in Paris, as this restaurant is considered a French steakhouse. I would have rather had an extra slice of brioche with my breakfast then those bread dumplings.
The restaurant itself is lovely and the service is very friendly. Therefore, breakfast was just OK to not so great and it would not be my first choice in the future, although I would not ever order the American breakfast again and would not recommend it.
