O_C-2kZMHGnq3ZDL_OaG6Q I had not heard of Morels even though I had dined across the way at Lavo's. I ashamed to say it I had become a celebrity chef snob in this town.  It's easy to get wrapped up in all the hoop-la and forget what is at the core of eating out... the food.  I actually planned on having a rack of lamb at Delmonico's that night until I was convinced otherwise by my business associate. 

Morels may not have the celebrity chef attached to their name but they don't need the hype. If you are a true fan of the dining experience, do yourself a favor and come here. The star of this location is you and the food that is presented exquisitely. 

Maybe you're thinking I'm talking crazy bashing Ramsey, Emeril, Bobby Flay or any other of their likes. By all means that is not what I am doing because I enjoy eating in restaurants they attach their name and will continue to frequent their establishments. What I am saying is that Morels does it better in Vegas as far as I am concerned. Although who I am but a humble foodie who was privileged to meet executive chef Carrera who has been cooking for the owner for over a mere of oh 25 years. 

His attention to detail in his plating, seasoning and selection of prime cuts doesn't grant him a TV show but it should.  His humble nature as he explained he approach to cooking makes him even more remarkable. Why you may ask? Well I'll tell you... His focus is on his craft not on himself. He lets his dishes speak for himself and not the other way around. 

We were treated by the chef to a sample of Tuna Tartare, although it was only bite sized, it was a mouthful of delectable flavor. I knew this bite size treat was a good sign for things to come. 

The Grand Plateau DE Mer was presented to the table and sadly since I'm allergic to shellfish, I could only enjoyed watching my dinner guests satisfy their palettes. It looked fabulous and the attention to detail was duly noted in the lobster. They take the time to extract the tender meat from the claws and carefully fold them whole into each half. The sauces stacked on top were seasoned to compliment the snow crab, shrimp, lobster and oysters. At least this was explained to me by those enjoying this dish. This is one that should be shared because it would be a feat to finish alone. 

Although I was delighted to see how this dish was enjoyed by others my stomach began to be shellfish and grumble waiting for my entree. Yeah that was cheesy but at least I briefly laughed when I wrote it but I digress.  Finally my Colorado Rack of Lamb with a honey-mustard crust ordered medium rare arrived.  Ordered any other way would be a crime and a dishonor to this beautiful creature who sacrificed its life for my enjoyment.  

A moment of silence please... 

Ok moving on the lamb sit on top of a wine enriched rosemary bordelaise sauce that was not over-powering or too sweet.  Every bite was tender and it balanced well with the bread crust which drove the flavor home.  This is now the best lamb I have had in Vegas and my only regret is not trying it sooner than I did.

I paired this with potato dauphinois which is similar to scalloped potatoes just on a whole different level. The potatoes had this crusted on the outside from being in the oven and the center was soft from the creamy consistency of the sauce. All in all it was amazing and the portions were reasonable, I had room for desert.

I had, from what I remember because I was in a midst of a foodie comatose, the chocolate dome.  It was an amazing finish to a great meal.  If you can look past the hoop-la of the celebrity chefs, do yourself a favor and focus on what matters the most... the food.  Morels is sure to satisfy your every craving and then some. 

By the way, if you were wondering my lamb was better than what I normally have in town at near by Delmonico's.
