O_C-2kZMHGnq3ZDL_OaG6Q Well, we should've gone to Bouchon. 

I met up with a friend at Morels for breakfast. Lately, we've been on a French food kick and have been breakfasting at various French restaurants; Morels was next on our list. Essentially, it's a 2-Star dining establishment that can be ranked alongside Denny's and Ihop. I'm not insulting those establishments, but why would anyone pay good money for that kind of food? If I wanted Denny's, I would've gone there. The food was definitely not worth the caloric intake and the cash withdrawal from my wallet, but at least Morels will never receive business from me again.

Market Fresh Seasonal Fruit ($11): "Market Fresh", yeah right, far from it. The plate consisted of a mix of melons, several pineapple slices, a SINGLE strawberry that was sliced up for us to share, and some random blueberries for "garnish." In the center of the plate was a bowl of plain yogurt. We also received some honeycomb that was less than a teaspoon.

Free Range Egg Crab Omelette ($19): I chose this over the Croque Madame, which I originally wanted to try; however, I can't say if sticking to my original decision would've changed my experience. The omelette comes with a choice of either a house salad or Country Breakfast Potatoes. I'm not exaggerating when I say that my entire meal was bland. I even had my friend try some of my food to make sure my taste buds were functioning. Both my potatoes and omelette desperately needed seasoning. I don't like adding salt and pepper to the food that I order, but this could've been the first restaurant meal where I was about to do so, except we didn't have any salt and pepper on our table. I did request some Dijon mustard. That somewhat added some life to my meal, but Dijon wasn't suited for it. On a positive note: there was real crab meat in my omelette. 

Crab Eggs Benedict ($20) This was what my friend ordered. The presentation of her dish almost made me regret having ordered my omelette, but it was all looks. Her order was also flavorless and lacked seasoning. 

Costa Rican Pressed Coffee ($5): Decent for being a $5 cup 'o joe. It's robust and had more flavor than what I ate.

The service is in need of improvement, and it isn't up to the quality I'd expect from a dining establishment at The Palazzo. We should've considered the chair with the hole in its back, and the awkwardness of the service staff -- specifically, the busser, who lurked around our table.

Lastly, if you make an Open Table reservation, double check that you're awarded your dining points. Morels failed to add 100 points to my account. 

I said it in the beginning of this review, and I'll say it again: We should've gone to Bouchon.
