O_C-2kZMHGnq3ZDL_OaG6Q What a miserable overpriced experience. We should have known when we were able to get last minute reservations on a Saturday night. I have had lunch here before and do not remember the service being so sub par.
Overall the food was adequate. Nothing special, and certainly not worth the price, even for Vegas. There are so many other better steakhouses within walking distance.
It was the service, and how we were treated by the manager that capped off a miserable night. As we were being seated, I noticed a couple leaving without having ordered, that was the first clue. First, everything  was brought out at the same time. I kid you not. Appetizer, salad, soup, sides, and steak. I wonder if they would have brought out coffee and desert had we put that order in also. I really am not exaggerating. They all came out at the same time without any explanation. However, the person ordering the soup was not given a spoon. After dropping off the food, no one came back by to check on us. We flagged down a busboy after 5 minutes and he went to get a spoon. He must have been distracted as he did not come back, but a few minutes later he dropped off two spoons to the couple next to us who had just ordered. I got up, found our waiter and had a spoon brought over, almost ten minutes after the food was brought out.
With the waiter now at our table, we ordered a second round of drinks, only to have a lemon drop spilled on the poor woman who had been forced to wait on the spoon.  After that, the next server who came by was a good 20 minutes clearing our plates. At this time I asked for the manager. One would think he would come over on his own, but then again.
After explaining the situation, he said he would "tap dance on our bill," and commented on "how nice and easygoing we were with the situation." when the doused patron mentioned that her satin blouse was likely ruined, his reply "send me dry-cleaning bill."  Wow. I was little surprised at how flippant he was. Maybe he made the assumption we could be blown off easily as we where so laid back about it.
Here's the kicker, he took the spilled drink, the cold soup, and $25 off the bill. A cab back to our hotel to change before going out was more than that.
Things happen, but what a miserable experience, and any respectable owner would have handled the situation with better care.
