O_C-2kZMHGnq3ZDL_OaG6Q Terrible. Food and service.

I have been to just about every strip steak place and this is hands down my least favorite. And not just by a little bit, by a rather large margin.I love steak and I love French so this should have been a match made in heaven, perhaps how much I looked forward to going here tainted my view but it was so bad it can't all have been my bias. Just look at my review record- I have enver given 1 star to anything else- I am a pretty soft judge


First- my reception.

I had just spent an inordinate amount of time playing poker at the Venetian. As such I was not dressed super formally- khaki shorts, polo shirt, tennis shoes- more than acceptable for vegas lunch. This is on a Weds about 230pm. The host ( a dude) ignores me for about 5 minutes while he is on the phone than finally, reluctantly, brings me to a table. It is then about 20 minutes before I see my waiter. During this wait I am drinking some water and happen to empty my glass. The water guy comes up and starts pouring the water before the pitcher is over the glass and misses the glass for a solid 3 seconds soaking the entire table and myself before he notices. I ask to move to a dry table. He tells me "maybe". At this point I look around, I am one of 6 people in the entire place. Eventually I get moved.

My Order
I try to get the exact same thing my first time at every steak house here for comparison- bone in ribeye, potato side, tartare. The waiter comes up to my table and I try and get my order in as quickly as possible since I have already been waiting. 

me: "Tenderloin Tartare, Bone in ribeye medium rare, potato dauphinois"
him: would you like to hear about our specials
me: no
him: well then what would you like
me: Tenderloin Tartare, Bone in ribeye medium rare, potato dauphinois
him: im not sure we have that
me: which part
him: uh... the potato

it only went downhill from there. He didn't write anything down, came back twice to ask to clarify, and then brought tuna tartare. The tuna was actually the highlight of the day.

The Steak
I like steam rare to medium rare. That being said, I will eat just about anything. The steak that was brought to me was not even grey, it was so dark grey throughout I doubted if it was actual meat. It looked like an overcooked mcdonalds hamburger inside. I first cut a piece off the end and decided to give them the benefit of the doubt- maybe it wasn't like that in the middle. It was. 

Now, a quick note about me. I don't really ever send food back. I'm a gambler and I think ordering food is sort of a gamble- in this case I gambled and lost. Also, if a kitchen has already screwed something up I don't have much faith in them fixing it so generally I just let it go.

And that is what I planned to do here. So my waiter comes back and says "how is everything". The following conversation ensues

me: The steak is way overcooked, its inedible, can I get my check
him: It looks fine to me

Ok, thats annoying. Still, never argue with stupid people right...

me: just the check please
him: I'll bring that right out

15 minutes later the waiter comes back with another waiter

New waiter- I'm sorry sir, we cannot send that back, it looks medium rare to me. 

At this point I am flabbergasted. Was I getting punked? Could I actually be eating in a professional restaurant? Let alone a nice one in Las Vegas? Could anyone working in a steakhouse for longer than 3's of minutes think this was medium rare?

me: I'm not trying to send it back, I just want my check

Another 10ish minutes go by and I get my check. I choose to pay by way of the credit card. I put it in the little wallet thing and stand it up so all can see the card sticking out of it. At this point I look at my watch and think to myself "how long could this take". Turns out quite a while. After another 10 minutes I look around and I can't see any other customers in the place. I take my check and walk to the front where the host and 3-4 waiters are sitting in the bar area. I ask my waiter to run my card which he sighs and then does. Also, they charged me for the tenderloin tartare which is 1 dollar more than the Tuna....

I then walked outside across the street and ate at stripburger.

In closing, Carne Vino greater than Morels
