33Tr0eRki1Yamzleu4GMdw About time I reviewed this place since I come here every week after work in the morning. And oh, hey! Duchess of this place after a few rounds of check-ins isn't bad either. Sweeeet. 

Arriving at the Rainbow Boulevard and Patrick Lane intersection at a small unsuspecting plaza next to Jabburitos is a quaint french brunch cafe called Rosallie. Upon entering, a look on your right and you'll see an array of shapely wooden and white marble tables. To your left are the baristas, dessert displays, tea leaves, and cursive scribbles from their chalk board wall menu. There you have it: a comfortably simple, Southern French atmosphere. Almost nine times out of ten I am greeted by a friendly barista. After placing an order, towards the back you'll notice a small sitting area with couches, more marble round tables, a charge station, and a large shelf of books for you to immerse yourself in. There is also a small see through wine cabinet called La Cave for the wine lovers out there who want their daily fix.

I always drop by for their 'Nord' in salad form instead of sandwich, sans the sweet red onions. You get a mix of the usual spring veggies, spinach, capers, sliced baby tomatoes, mandoline sliced cucumbers, carrots, topped with smoked salmon. The dressing they have on it can sometimes be salty (and somewhat sweet/citrusy?) so a request for them to keep it on the low is highly recommended if its too strong for your tastebuds. 

Oh and let's not forget their creme brûlée latte here. I quite like it; the aroma after a having a whiff of the whip always makes me happy because I honestly believe I'm sniffing a confectionary. I take a few sips of it, and the flavor is smooth, creamy, and slightly buttery but satisfying. Call me ridiculous but if they ever add strawberry or blueberry fruits next to it (or even in it), my insides would leap with joy. 

Their charcuterie isn't bad, but neither is it overtly delicious. The prosciutto was a bit dry and some cold cut meats were either salty or too chewy. A suggestion would be to add an array of cheese that best compliments the meats. Other than that I wouldn't really bat an eyelash for this and settle for a pastry instead. 

I'm a bit taken aback that I have yet to try their soups, teas, and desserts (I have a guilty sweet tooth, oh dear...), but I'll try them eventually! Apart from that, whenever I just can't be bothered to make my own, Rosallie tops for my early morning salad cravings.
