O3OH5IEFMPtz7mPKakPZ3Q Due to my favorite sushi spot being closed early on Sunday's.

I took it up to Yelp to help with our sushi or sashimi cravings. I've been wanting to try Japaneiro out for awhile since they appeared to have good reviews and their pictures of their food got my attention. However; My husband, daughter and I had high expectations and we came out disappointed. 

At about midnight there were only 2 tables that were dining so we were seated inside right away. They had specials written on a chalk board. The restaurant isn't big, they have openings for seating outside or inside. It was a little hard to the server's his attention first since he appeared to have a table of frequent diners. They seemed to know each other, talking and laughing luridly but once we got his attention, he was helpful and answered all my questions since we mentioned that we were first timers. 

We ordered pretty much everything on the Happy Hour Menu. Their main menu only had 2 pages, there weren't many options and little description. My husband ordered a NY Steak as his main dish.

A. For presentation. The pictures are deceiving, the portions sizes are definitely small.

C. They were a bit bland. 

A. For service. There 

A. For having a Happy Hour menu.

I think Japaneiros is pretty much a tapas place so I could understand the portions. However, for my husbands NY steak, we were a little confused if his plate was already brought out or if it were the beef from the Happy Hour or his main course due to the portion lacking in size. I asked the server and he said he already had brought out the NY steak. My husband and I just looked at each other in shock disbelief. My favorite dishes was the scallops and the rock shrimp were my husband and daughters favorite.

With the amount we paid, we walked out content and headed to the gas station for some snacks. We could have spent the same amount elsewhere and walk out with full bellys. My husband and I try to live a healthy lifestyle but we also believe in treating ourselves once in awhile. I'm sorry to say that we won't be returning, but please don't let my review discourage you from eating here.
