O3OH5IEFMPtz7mPKakPZ3Q This place is so good and legit that I have to write a review for: definitely 5+ for the amazing food and attentive service!!
Chef Kevin Chong is from Nobu which I dine in a lot due to my work. My clients from San Diego even emailed me to recommend Japaneiro after they tried it! 
I walked in with really high expectations, and Japaneiro put smiles on all of us, party of 4! Everyone is satisfied, and each dish we had is never a disappointment. 

TRUFFLE EDAMAME: freshly made, not the frozen ones, you can taste the truffle sauce, simple and tasty to open your taste buds.

RAW OYSTERS: certainly high quality that it will be a waste if they were cooked.

BONE MARROW: rich, creamy, and full of flavors, comes with chips.

SEAFOOD UNDON SOUP: the chef told me that he doesn't have the special broth for undon soup tonight, but he can stir fried the undon for me! Hell I am determined and shameless to ask him to put undon in miso soup as I am craving for hot soup in this drizzling weather. The flavor is not the main concern. But the chef surprised us with this amazing undon soup with great broth and fresh assorted shrimps, sea bass, scallops and vegetables! Thumbs up to Chef Kevin's flexibility and cooking skills!

DRY-AGED STEAK: even it's not Wagyu beef, but it's a wonderful piece of perfectly cooked steak. We order medium well, and it's still tender and juicy! I love the two types of sauces on the side: mustard and the truffle oil is awesome!

FRIED RICE: the simplest dish is how you can see the skill of a chef. This fried rice made by teppanyaki is so tasty with beef, shrimp, chicken, and crunchy sesame. Best fried rice in town!

FOIE GRAS: I love foie gras, and yes, order it. 

DEEP FRIED BANANA WITH GREEEN TEA ICE CREAM: the ice cream is special, not the typically biter green tea taste but fresh and with the touch of sesame, we all love it. 

SCALLOPS: after I "FORCED" (lol) the chef to make the undon SOUP, my bestie shows him the picture she saw on line and asked the chef to make something "Scallops". And what the chef presents us is the HEAVEN of scallops!!! These SWEETEST Scallops with jalapeños create a happy universe in your mouth. It's that good that after the dessert, my bestie has to order it again before we end this happy meal!!!! 

This place is hidden, the menu is simple, but the food quality is to die for. The chef told us, he can make almost everything, just name it, and everything on the menu is great!

Again, I eat at Nobu a lot, and I love SOHO, but Japaneiro beats them both!!!!
