O3OH5IEFMPtz7mPKakPZ3Q So this is my 2nd time here and this place always has a good amount of top quality items on their menu. We couldn't decide on anything so we decided to go with the 7-Course Chef's Tasting Menu ($118 for 2 PEOPLE) which is a steal.

Items that came with it:

Teramoto Scallop - My first thought was fuckkkk I hate scallops and the times I had scallop they were cooked. The plate came out and they were raw scallops...tried it with the ponzu sauce and god damn it tasted like any other sashimi...this was a great start

Scottish Salmon Ceviche - Came with what I believe is wonton chips....very flavorful however a little bit too salty and sour...

Kumamoto Oyster Uni Foie Gras - This dish was fire. Sad it was only one oyster per person but this shit was fire. You can taste the sea in the uni and oyster and the foie gras brought out this buttery goodness. The butter of the sea with the butter of the land aka butter of the world. One of the highlights.

French Escargot - Never had this in my life and was slightly intimidated, just like eating them crickets at El Dorado. Did not know what to expect but it tasted earthy as fuck. I thought I was eating spinach gum. That's my way of describing it.

Nigerian Prawn - Great dish and the meat closest to the head was juicy. Flavorful and juicy. Great light transition into the....

Truffle Marrow Filet w/ Foie Gras - This shit was overkill in a good way. Like you playing Madden and you 21 skunk somebody but they still wanna play so you blow them out 56-0. First there is a bone marrow and then they stacked with medium rare filet then on top of that you can put foie gras. This was pure goodness for any meat lover and was the excalmation point to the meal. Must get if you go here for sure (will cost you around $50 w/ foie gras...)

Last thing was the desert. 

Banana Harmaki w/ Milk Tea Ice Cream - Nice way to finish off the meal with something that is light but flavorful. The milk tea ice cream was crazy...don't really fuck with that boba shit but this really did taste like milk tea....

Overall excellent experience with the chef hailing from Nobu but with a fraction of  the price of what they would be charging there.
