O3OH5IEFMPtz7mPKakPZ3Q I came here to celebrate graduation with my family and it was the first time I got to enjoy Japanese-Brazilian style food. The restaurant itself is nestled in a sleepy little plaza just off the highway to the southwest, so it had a rather humble appearance from the outside. The prices were amazing for the quality of food that we were getting, something that I became keenly aware of by the time the main entrees began to roll out.

My table ordered a whole collection of dishes that I had trouble recollecting all of them: lamb chops, sashimi plates, oysters, seaweed/house salads, fried rices, and yakisobas, I believe. They were all quite pleasant, and I had no complaints of their flavors (well, the lamb was a tiny bit dry), but I wanted to zoom in on two dishes that really "did it" for me.

I ordered the Alaskan black cod and it was my first time ordering this particular fish. It was a perfectly-cooked strip of fish served with a lotus chip, a nice little leaf garnish underneath, and a mizo glaze. When I took a bite, the meat was so delicate that it practically melted on my tongue and released all of the sweet, savory, almost buttery flavors of the miso it was cooked in. I ate the skin separately and it was even better, as it concentrated all of that sauce under a lightly crisped exterior.

At the end of our dinner, we were served a set of desserts, mostly different ice creams, and this curious yuzu-coconut mochi served on a little mound of green tea ice cream in a goblet-sized wooden spoon that, for whatever reason, absolutely amused my entire table; some of my family requested the owner's permission to take the spoons home (I don't get it either). The mochi was decidedly refreshing and, for me, a nice change of pace from the standard green tea and red bean mochis served at many Japanese-themed restaurants.

The real kicker had to be the tiramisu. I was not ready for it. I didn't realize that I've been having garbage tiramisu until this point. First off, the plating was charming. The tiramisu was a square-cut piece of heaven, with a little pink flower and a leaf cutting on an angle into the cake adding a nice touch of aesthetic. I casually removed the aesthetics and took a bite. The cream was rich and wholesome, pleasant in the way it coats your mouth, but not in such a way that was overwhelming. I could catch the sponginess of the underlying biscuit and the coffee was "just" right, strong enough to wake you up like it was morning again, but not enough to overpower all the other flavors present in the dish. I don't care if I sound like I'm overselling this thing, it was freakin' delicious. I wanted seconds and thirds, my wallet be damned.

The owner was extremely attentive and accommodating to our table. Orders came out in a timely fashion and he had the kind of attitude that made it really easy for my table to engage him in conversation as the last bits of sunlight were going back behind the mountains. Initially, my dad had been wary about going to restaurants that serve food in this style, but I'm very happy with the earnest and welcoming attitude of the owner as he conversed with him. The owner even went out of his way to provide us sample plates of some of his dishes to try out, such as these cuts of seared NY strip that were tender and downright juicy. Throughout the dinner, I felt quite welcome and comfortable thanks in major part to the owner, and for that, I appreciate that he put such a good impression forward that made my dad warm up to this style of eating.

If I had any nitpick about the restaurant overall in this review, it was that my family and I expressed some discomfort over the broken A/C unit, which made our dining experience a bit warmer than we would prefer. This might be problematic for any future diners coming in about a month from this review. However, this was a minor problem at best in early May.

To the owner, thank you for making my graduation dinner such a pleasant experience for both my family, friends, and I. I look forward to my next visit.
