O66Zy8Y13VBm72ZDhS4fIg My boyfriend and I visited Sassafraz this past weekend, and we used a Groupon. Although we dine frequently in Yorkville, Sassafraz used to be our special occasion type of dinner, so when we found a Groupon that seemed like a great deal, we purchased it. Our first visit here, was fantastic, impeccable service, beautiful fine dining experience, and it used to be my favourite restaurant in Toronto. 

This past weekend however, felt much different as overall the entire feel of the restaurant has downgraded very much over the years. The atmosphere has overall become a very casual, and loud restaurant. We were seated in the dining area, right in front of the door, which opens about 20 times in the span of two hours, with basically wind blowing in your face, and loud music from the bar/lounge. I decided I wouldn't let this bother me, and that it was alright. However, the service was absolutely terrible, our waiter was rude and basically uninterested in our table. He barely checked up on us, did not ask us whether we wanted more wine, and I was basically without water after the first course. 
Fortunately for the restaurant, their food quality has not changed, and their meals were wonderful. I had the arugula and grapefruit salad which was lovely, and the striploin, as well as the rhubarb cheesecake for dessert. Everything was delicious, but my striploin was a little cold, however the cut, size, and way it was cooked was delicious, so I did not mind. I did however notice that the potatoes it came with, were not fully cooked. 
Overall, I am super disappointed and sad that one of our favourite restaurants has gone downhill. I think the overall ambience and atmosphere has completely changed, and although the food was overall good, people do not only go to fine dining restaurants solely for the food. We do fine dining for an experience, and for service food, combined with excellent service. For the price you pay at Sassafraz, there are so many better choices in the city that are so much more worth it, and there are so many better restaurants in the Yorkville area that are a lot cheaper, and much better overall.
