O66Zy8Y13VBm72ZDhS4fIg I had always been fond of Winterlicious but never went for Summerlicious. Perhaps there's not much better to do during Winter than to fill my stomach up:P

Sassafraz is the first restaurant I've tried for Summerlicious accompanied with two other friends. I heard good things about this restaurant and being pretty posh in Yorkville, so I've decided to give them a visit for dinner!

The restaurant has a lounge and drinks seating, separated from its dining area with two glass doors. Its interior is decorated very well and modern with a waterfall wall sided with greens like a rainforest. Their tables are also half sofa couches, super comfy.

Per usual dining, each customer can select an appetizer, entree, and dessert for their special menu choices. You can always find those items on their standard menus too. Being friends and alike, we all chose the exact same combination (dinner at $45): Ontario Beef Tartare, Ontario Artisan Beef Striploin, and Strawberry Rhubarb Cheesecake for dessert.

The tartare tasted really great! It was seasoned well yet still has its original beef flavour. The sour dip on the side spiced up my taste buds - compensated for the raw beef texture.

As the the striploin, I was quite disappointed. All three of us asked for medium rare steaks. What was brought to our table was three medium steaks. Mine pretty much was the only one that had slight blood oozing out when sliced. It was only little bit pink inside and when I ate further from the middle, the more overcooked it was. Not sure if this was their standard or just because of their chefs being overwhelmed due to Summerlicious.

The cheesecake was interesting. It was decent but nothing very special. The texture was quite soft and mousse-like in comparison to New York cheesecakes which has a thicker and stiff texture. The raspberry sauce was alright.

Service overall was good except for just one tick off. Two of my friends had finished their plates and I was still eating the last bites but paused to talk and had my fork/knife placed in the "I'm not finished yet" position. However, the server wanted to take my plate away too and hesitated right next to me. I had to resume my eating and movement to make him stop.

Overall, I think Sassafraz is a nice restaurant but not sure if it's entree is the best. It's more of a 3.5/5 rating.
