33Tr0eRki1Yamzleu4GMdw Many visits later, Rosallie is one of my favorite places in town!

My favorite eats:
+ Nord Sandwich with smoked salmon, red onion, tomato, cucumber, capers, mixed greens, and housemade shallot spread on toasted Petite Tourte.
+ Tartine L'Americaine with hardwood smoked honey-cured bacon, cheese, and egg yolk; served with marinated cherry tomatoes.
+ Tartine L'espagnole with housemade tomato sauce, rotisserie chipotle chicken, red onion, and mozzarella.
+ Tartine La Reine with dried paris ham, mushroom, and cheese.
+ Quiche Veggie with roasted zucchini, sautéed mushroom, and sautéed onion; served with side salad.
+ Croque Rosallie: Paris ham, sweet onion béchamel, and mozzarella on croissant.

Basically all the Tartines are phenomenal; I love the flaky pastry crust and the combinations are amazing. The quiches are equally delicious and I've enjoyed all of them as well. I've just begun to venture into the sandwich offerings, but I was blown away by the Nord! The housemade shallot spread is insanely flavorful and works so well with the salmon and fresh vegetables. I love ordering a couple entrees along with a couple pastries to share with a friend or even to enjoy on my own and taking the rest home.

Favorite beverages:
+ Latte Provence (lavender and honey)
+ Crème Brûlée Latte
+ White Chocolate Coconut Latte
+ Kir Royale

All of the special latte flavors are tasty and fun. I've really taken to the Latte Provence with its perfect balance of sweet and just a tad floral. With their new wine offerings, I've had the chance to try the Kir Royale and it is wonderful!

Favorite pastries:
+ Palmier
+ Almond Croissant
+ Croissant
+ Fruit Tart
+ Macarons

The desserts are fantastic, but I'm really a fan of the breads and pastries offered. The palmiers are fantastically crispy and buttery. Also, you can't go wrong with their croissants. The macarons are great, too and I had the absolute pleasure of their delicious Pistachio and Vanilla Macarons as party favors for my last birthday.

The location is convenient, easy to access, and the space is lovely. I love bringing friends or just enjoying a treat by myself. Jonathan is brilliant and very kind; it is a great joy to have him and the Rosallie family in our community!
