O66Zy8Y13VBm72ZDhS4fIg Walking around Yorkville, I decided to grab dinner at this Swanky place, Been here before several times and was always happy. (Pro TIP, If you are on a cozy date, sit on the lounge side on the couches. together) Was seated and given menus and drink options.  I decided on A Hendricks Martini with a twist of lemon (i hate the taste of olives) Of course, the Martini came back with 3 olives and made with the rail beefeater gin. I guess we Asians don't know the difference? So i sent it back. Then it came back with a twist but the wrong gin (look i know people are asking what the problem gin is gin. Yes but if i you order a Rib eye and they bring you a flank steak it still a steak right? No.. You pay for a $18 dollar martini you should get what you ordered. ) Anyway, I was not impressed with the waiter's attitude because my dinner companion didn't order an alcoholic drink but did order one of their expensive fruit juice mixes. He was going to take our menus away until i informed him that i was going to order some food as well, Maybe He assumed that we were just wasting his time and having a drink only. (apparently this is a thing that happens there all the time and he wanted to get to the table of well dressed people next to us)) His attitude changed however when we ordered the Ontario artisan beef tartare and the French Kiss oysters in the half shell. Well, the Food more than made up for the rudeness of the service. The Tartare was well prepared with a quail egg and served with Taro Root chips. Very good mix of flavour. The oysters were good and chilled nicely, served with the usual accoutrements of Horse radish, lemon.Ect.
Next I Ordered the Ontario bone-in veal chop, while my Companion ordered the Quebec magret duck breast. The Veal was nice and tender and was cooked to ordered. Rare.. But the best dish of the Night was the Duck Breast cooked Medium, just a little bit of Pink.  Nice and tender and not dry at all. 

Overall, it was a OK experience. The food quality was good (it saved this review because the service was not good at all) We had to keep waving the waiter over to get water, drinks ect. Oh and they made us use the same cutlery ,as in they didn't change the cutlery form apps to main.  I think Sasafraz needs to look at themselves and make improvements in the customer service side of things, There are up and coming restaurants in Toronto that are giving the customer the experience that they pay for. These days, you can't just rely on you past. ...
