O66Zy8Y13VBm72ZDhS4fIg We visited Sassafraz for my wife's birthday dinner a few nights ago. The ambience, the food and the service was all perfect and we had one of the best dining experiences in a long time. The food is a little pricey but you'll cherish the taste and experience for a long time; so in my opinion it's still a very good deal. The flip-side is that they spoiled the average french fare for me for I'll remember the taste and compare it with Sassafraz. 

Food - We had Nova Scotia Lobster bites and red oak and radicchio salad to start. The lobster bites were nice and the red oak and radicchio salad was okay. 
For mains, we had a Quebec magret duck breast and a thai Coconut red curry on server's recommendation. We were slightly hesitant ordering the thai curry at a french restaurant but it was the best thai curry we ever had in our life. It was so much flavorful that it was divine. The Quebec magret duck breast was very good too. We thoroughly enjoyed both of them.
For dessert, we had a flourless chocolate cake and a banana custard tartlet. Both were very good. I personally liked the chocolate cake a little bit more.

Service - The service was very warm, friendly and professional. Our server Melissa treated us very well and was very much competent. Even the other servers didn't mind checking on each other's tables to see if any patron needed something which was a nice touch too.
We were served a basket of freshly baked warm bread with olive oil/balsamic vinegar and warm butter along(complementary) with wine. The bread basket was replaced with a fresh one as soon as we were done with our bread.

Price - We had a groupon which had a three course meal for two for 70$. We paid about 55-60$ extra for wine, taxes and tip. It was a very good dining experience for 130$. 

Ambiance - The restaurant has a very classy and upmarket feel to it. It is very well suited for a date night or an occasion. I wouldn't go here regularly as it's too pricey for that. But they will be one of our top choices in Toronto for dining out of special occasions.
