ohMpNug5zWNxOlL6ShG7Ig Being huge fans of Binkley's, our curiosity piqued at the idea of a more casual fare version close-by. Living in the far northwest valley, the idea of driving to Cafe Bink was more enticing than trekking all the way to Old Scottsdale where most of the new and upcoming restaurants feel "safe" to demo their breakthrough culinary techniques.

Casual, the restaurant stands. You walk in and the hostess desk is right at the entryway. There's barely room for people to wait unlike the living room style sitting area at Binkley's. Bar or table? A grand scale bar in rich woods claims the left side while  a narrow row of tables hugs the right side. 

No cocktail list. I felt like a baby bird first being shown how to fly. I had to order cocktails on my own volition without any written guidance of what words sounded the most tantalizing for some bartender's new take on a classic. This restaurant keeps it simple. I ordered my favorite "go-to," an Old Fashioned and loved it so much that I ordered a few. My hubby ordered a beer, but I can't remember what it was. What a girl I am, because I can only recall that it was served in a beer glass that was adorned with the name "Bink's" in a whimsical font.

Calamari. Flavorful and seasoned lightly with no frills. Batter light and flaky but hardly messy. Tender, not chewy.

Pulled to Order Mozzerella - served with a trio of dips. Red onion marmalade sounds crazy, but it actually worked. The red onion did not counter the sweetness of the marmalade at all. The pesto was very familiar in taste and good. The tomato jam was tart and sweet and also produced an interesting likable flavor with the cheese. 

Trout Meunière -Served with haricots verts (French green beans), toasted almonds, lemon brown butter. Meunière simply refers to the fish being lightly floured and then sautéed. The taste is light, inviting, and savory. I often seen green beans paired with buttery trout and if you eaten both together, you'd know why, because they compliment each other well!

Bacon burger - Although burgers seem foolproof, I've had some pretty interesting ones to put it nicely. However, the bacon burger here is as expected, cooked to perfection (well at least the one I tried that my hubby ordered). Juicy and flavorful and not overdone. My hubby always goes for the road less traveled when it comes to food, but for this dinner, he was craving a burger. Whether you're more food adventurous or like to keep food simple, this burger will more then satisfy that craving!

If you see something on the menu that is "out of the ordinary" then I suggest you try it, because chances are it'll be more interesting to let your taste buds take a tour rather than feeding them a monotony of the same foods over and over again. Cafe Bink is a fun place to try!
