ohMpNug5zWNxOlL6ShG7Ig I really wanted to like this place!  I even gave it a second AND a third chance!

First let me say the place is adorable and quaint.  They have GREAT outdoor seating with a beautiful view.  The staff has always been superb and the place has a great feel to it.  I always end up talking to random people around me and it really is a friendly crowd.

Now for the food....

The first time my friend and I went we shared the mozzarella for an app and it was a great start!  My friend had the bacon-wrapped shrimp for her entree and I had the porchetta........boooooring.  I was really underwhelmed by the entrees and it was almost tasteless.  Since we didn't eat much of our entrees we figured we would try something for dessert.  We tried the donuts and they were bland, dry, and tasteless.  Again, another miss.

I thought this place was so adorable though that I wanted to give it another chance.  Maybe I just ordered the wrong thing last time?  I went with the same friend as before since she lives up in Cave Creek.  The place was packed but we were able to secure seats at the bar.  The app special that night was mussels with chorizo, fennel, tomato, beer broth and garlic toast.  HOT DAMN!!!  I could of had this as my entree!  It was so flavorful, the mussels were perfectly cooked and plump and I kept asking for more garlic toast to soak up the broth.  Fabulous dish!!  We both ordered something different for dinner since our previous choices were disappointing last time.  I got the trout meunière and my friend got the bucatini.  The bucatini had a spicy sausage that perfectly complemented the sweetness of the sauce.  The pasta was cooked perfectly also.  My friend loved her entree and with the few bites I tasted, I was sold.  My trout however, was not as spectacular.  The trout was obviously butterflied but then served folded over itself with the skin up.  When I opened it the fish was really pink and almost medium rare.  I figured maybe this is the way they serve it?  I had about two bites and said forget it.  It was flavorless and kind of chewy (guess it was a little undercooked?).  I told the waiter who immediately apologized and asked if I would like something else.  My second choice was the beef tips so I ordered that.  The beef tips were cooked perfectly, I asked for medium rare.  The horseradish-parmesan mousse added a great flavor to the dish!  The vegetables were cooked perfectly and I loved that this dish wasn't huge and was the perfect amount of food. 

I guess you can say our second visit was a success so we decided to try it again.  This time we knew we were getting the mussels (they actually added it to their regular menu) and we both decided on the bucatini.  The mussels came and it was nothing like we remembered.  The mussels were fishy, never a good sign, and chewy.  Even the broth was just okay this time.  What the????????  The dish was so great before I was telling everyone about it!!  We let the waitress know and she apologized and said she would take the dish off our check.  The bucatini came and again......tasted completely different from last time!  The sausage didn't taste right and it was dry.  The sauce just didn't have that amazing sweet flavor from before.  The combo of the spicy sausage and sweet tomatoes is what made it last time.  We were both totally bummed.

I think three chances is more than enough.  It's too bad because this place is adorable and in a quaint setting with great staff.

Cafe Bink I REALLY wanted to like you but your food is just too inconsistent.  

Just a note - I did give Bink's Midtown a try and they had some great dishes.  i wrote a review for them also.
