oJZNHz5UUVUgrZwVBVlpYw We arrived in Vegas around 2:00 p.m. on Friday - just in time to enjoy the afternoon tea at the Petrossian Bar at the Bellagio. This is a tiny little place that we've all walked past without giving it a second thought. The front of the bar has a piano and people sitting at tables drinking. But INSIDE the bar is a little house of treasures. They host tea service from 2-5 p.m.  You pay a flat fee (I think it was $35) and you get 4 sandwiches, scones, a variety of desserts and a tea. 

But make it clear to the hostess that you want tea service. Otherwise she will sit you in the bar area and give you a regular bar menu while you think "WTF is this bullshit?" When you explain what you really came for, there seems to be major confusion, 2 workers have to discuss what to do for several minutes and then you get moved to the back of the restaurant/bar. 

The food comes on a 3 tiered stand: sandwiches on the bottom, desserts in the middle and scones on top. We had such a nice variety of mini-sandwiches: smoked salmon with caviar (the best one), cucumber/watercress/cream cheese, turkey salad, chicken salad, egg salad, ham/cheese, chickpea, crab meat and 2 more that I just can't remember. We didn't eat the scones because neither of us like sweets very much. Like all scones, they seemed dry. I'm not sure if there is any other kind.  The desserts were very good but we left two chocolate layered things that looked too sweet. I would have rather had 3 layers of sandwiches.  

The tea choices were marginal. Considering this is a tea house, there should have been more options. I think there were 3-4 Earl Greys. (YAWN A RAMA!) Although I do acknowledge that tea service is a British thing, they got it from India and China where tea comes in so many varieties.  I would have liked a little more imagination with the choices: some white teas, yellow tea, more fruity teas and at least 1 tisane.  It is funny how refreshing hot tea can taste on a hot day. This is a mystery that the African and Middle Eastern cultures figured out long ago. 

I will definitely come again but next time, I'll find out if I can trade the scones or desserts for anything.

There is a piano player for the people sitting at the bar area. You can barely hear it where the tea service is served. Because of the location, if someone is smoking at the bar part, it drifts to the afternoon tea area which is pretty gross. I read that reservations were required but when I called, they said to just walk in.
