OkC86YtZ0Nm19my5F4GGrQ Tucked away in a little row of shops in Rocky River, Tartine is a cozy dimly lit eatery. The decor and ambiance is of a romantic cafe. With a large bar that is over sized in proportion to the overall space, leads to closely grouped tables and some leaving barely elbow room between dining patrons. The staff are friendly and are always around when needed. 

Tartine has a limited menu that offers a good variety of starters, salads, and a rotating set of entrees. The menu seem to cater to both meat and non-meat eaters. They also offer a good listing of wines by the bottles and glass. During my last visit I started with a crisp oaky Chardonnay and their beet salad. The salad had a combination of two types of perfectly roasted beet with winter greens, crumbled goat cheese and a slight drizzle of and balanced portion of honey vinaigrette dressing.  My entree was the lamb stew that came in a side dish sized bowl and prepared  with a medley of vegetables and a sweet aromatic sauce. I found the lamb overlooked in the stew to the point that it had lost its lamb taste. The meat could have very well have been pulled pork or steak. The dish was far too sweet as if it has been cooked far too long. In addition, the served portion to the price of the dish is very disproportionate. The other entree - Coq Au Vin was at best standard and again of small portion compared to the price point. Let me summarize that after spending $75+ for two glasses of wine, two salads, and two entrees; we both walked out feeling very hungry. Our Tartine experience was overcast by the poor quality of the entree and the disproportionate pricing of these items. 

The salad, drinks were good and I've heard their pizza are good but without trying them I can't really vouch for their quality. My suggestion is that you visit Tartine knowing that the pricing is high compared to the food served that are OK. The ambiance is good for some drinks or light food to have while enjoying good conversation over a bottle of wine.
