OkC86YtZ0Nm19my5F4GGrQ FULL DISCLOSURE:  The chef is the son of one of my coworkers.

Despite its address on Detroit, this fantastic little place is actually on Old Detroit nestled in the Old River Shopping Area.  From the outside, it looks like what I would imagine a street side bistro in Paris looking like.  Inside, a somewhat modern take on an elegant intimate dinner-spot.  Unfortunately, with all of the hard surfaces (hardwood floors, exposed brick walls, and tin ceiling) the sound bounces around, and when full, it can be rather noisy.

The cocktail and wine menu was simple, but with choices for varied tastes.  The wife and MIL shared a bottle of Pinot Noir, while the FIL had a vodka martini, and I had a (delicious) Ommegang Rare Vos.

We started with a selection of three cheeses from the cheese board, served with crackers, fig spread, and honey.  The MIL had a roasted beet salad that she seemed rather pleased with, while the wife, the FIL, and myself reveled in the onion soup gratinée.  The soup was rich, and the cheese was delectable.

For mains, MIL had the Lamb Stew, which she kept commenting over and over on how good it was.  The FIL ordered the Beef Brisket tartine, and though he was well satisfied with the taste, ended up taking more than half of his entrée home.  The wife ordered the Duck Confit tartine, and though the presentation was beautiful, sadly the duck was over cooked (cooked, shredded, and cooked again on the sandwich) and sadly was WAY over salted.  My Filet, medium-rare, was delicious, and practically cut itself.

We were all too full, and sadly disappointed with the options, to try desert, and sat comfortably while we finished our drinks.

All-in-all, I did enjoy the experience.  Though pricey, the meal was very enjoyable.  The chef clearly has skill (his background is as an "opener" for high-end steak joints, and was evident in his preparation of my filet) though I feel that he is hamstrung by the "French"-ish cuisine on the menu.  A solid 4 stars, 4.5 if you order strategically playing to the chef's strength on the grill.
