or4UVDjXEEjze3wNPjoAZA We came here during Restaurant Week and were not disappointed! We liked it so much, we came back another day for lunch and can't wait to come back again! For Restaurant Week, we made reservations at 6:30pm. We made the mistake of thinking Zinc was inside the Scottsdale Quarter, not Kierland Commons. However, it was a short walk over and it was nice to see the different shopping areas. Upon our arrival, it wasn't necessary for a reservation, as the place wasn't too busy. They had seating both inside and out - we chose outside since it was still cool enough to enjoy the weather. 

We were brought water and bread with butter. Our waitress showed up next and she was super nice and helpful. We placed our orders - I chose the onion soup, medium rare flat iron steak, and chocolate soufflé with Valrhona chocolate sauce. My husband ordered the pork torchon with grilled Brussels sprouts, grilled swordfish, and chocolate soufflé with Gran Mariner chocolate sauce. 

Our first course arrived shortly and it was fantastic. I loved my soup - with the crisp and goey cheese on top and warm oniony goodness below. I didn't want to share. My husband's pork torchon was good, but not my favorite. (It was like a pate - he liked it but said he'd order something different next time.) Then came our entrees. My steak looked and tasted amazing. It had a peppery sauce on it and it melted in my mouth. It came with pomme frites - which my husband liked more than me. My husband's swordfish presentation was beautiful and just as tasty. The swordfish was like a steak in itself - sort of like a tuna steak. It wasn't a flaky fish at all. Then the cous-cous that came with it was delicious with tiny bits of pork in it. Both entrees were delicious. Finally, dessert. Oh man. I poured all the chocolate sauce on my soufflé and dug it - it was so warm and delicious. My husband's Gran Mariner sauce was just as delicious but not as thick as mine. Overall, it was a great experience.

Our next lunch date here was just as good but definitely not as decadent. I ordered the omelet with ham and gruyere cheese. This came with a side stack of potatoes au gratin. My husband ordered the seafood bouillabaisse which I thought was tasty. 

We will definitely be back for dinner again soon. I can already taste the steak and soufflé!
