or4UVDjXEEjze3wNPjoAZA Dined here for dinner. November, 2017.

Food was good, service was sub par.

Fresh oysters to start - pleased to have a couple of Kumamoto oysters. Really good with the mignonette.
Main - Salmon was cooked perfectly; I didn't get to taste the gazpacho, but the socca cake was soft and flavorful.
Main - Scallops were cooked nicely as well. Corn and chorizo risotto was very savory and a really good balance of flavors (sweetness of corn and saltiness of chorizo) as well as texture (risotto vs chorizo). Plating was nice.
Dessert - Chocolate souffle. This is a must (and should be ordered ahead of time as it takes 20-30 mins to make). Opted for plain chocolate and it was perfect. Not sweet at all, which made us appreciate it more so.

As for the service...let me enumerate:
1. After letting our server know that we needed a few minutes to go over the menu (and drink choices), we were given more than a few. Without waters. Tables were seated and cleared around us before the server came back with the comment, "Oh they haven't brought you water." As if to shift the blame to others. Asked us if we'd prefer they get us waters before getting our orders. That should not have been a question at all. I said yes, water was delivered, orders were taken, which brings me to...
2. No draft beer. This should have been communicated beforehand.
3. This is minor and doesn't really matter as much: no white wine glasses. My sancerre was served in a red wine glass. Again, no big deal. I just found that curious.
4. Our oysters came without that small bottle of tabasco and without a spoon for the mignonette. The server came and commented that it should have arrived with the tabasco and motioned to grab it. Before they left, I mentioned the mignonette spoon as well. The server came back with the spoon. No tabasco. And asked if we wanted it. At that point, we were already staring at the oysters for a bit. So eff it, I said "No," and went without.
5. Our side dish never came. We ordered the peewee potatoes. As we tucked into our salmon and scallops, we noticed that the potatoes never came. After waiting for our water, finding out they didn't have draft beer, and no tabasco, we thought, for the second time: Eff it. And kept going. The main dishes were solid and filling that we opted to just let it go. This would have been a bigger issue if it was on the bill (it wasn't).

Thankfully, no issues with the dessert.

So there you go. I had been wanting to try this place for quite some time, unfortunately, the experience did not really live up to my expectation. Food was the saving grace.
