ovtlrcsVRlgZZQUlHs_ovw I really want to love this place but right now its only at the like stage. I want to give it more stars and hope to in the future.

Knowing this I will begin with the positives.  Service was excellent.  Our waitress was helpful, informative, and attentive.  Our water glasses never became empty. the food was overall very good.  The vouge burger was rated very good by the hubby except it was more cooked than he ordered.  The side salad on my plate was excellent.  The dressing was tangy and sweet, a very unexpected splash of flavor.  The sweet potato fries were crunchy and soft in the center, just about perfect in my book. even my eggplant parmesan was decent. Even the other patrons were friendly.  The atmosphere was great.

The creme brule gets its own paragraph! Perfect in every respect.  You could see the real vanilla seeds floating in the cold custard.  The first bite was and amazing combination of warm, recently melted sugar crust and cool custard. I would go here just to have this again!

Now for the negatives, the dinner rolls - only by request and thats cool by me but they were dry dry dry. Not like dry crusty artesian bread, but more like sat in the arizona sun for a day in June. No bueno!  The mac and cheese tasted excellent but was overcooked and the pasta was too soft.  The eggplant parmesan had an excellent flavor but there was a puff pastry topping that seemed overworked.  It was not light and crispy like a puff pastry should be.  Instead it was dense and doughy.  My husband even noted that everything seemed a little overcooked for his taste.

One last negative, the price.  I understand the chef is a well known Le cordon bleu chef from Paris, France who has worked at the 4 seasons, and worked in Scottsdale but the restaurant is at the 303 and Wadell.  Its in Surprise but has North Scottsdale pricing.  I'm not saying to cut the prices by half, but a dollar or two less per entrée would make this a place I would go to over driving to central Phx or Scottsdale, which I do on a weekly basis for meals.


Yes there were several negatives to our first meal but this wont stop me from going back.  I am hoping that the next time will be even better and I can up my stars.  I want to give this place a 5 star rating, I really do, but they are just not there yet. I hope the pricing improves, but if it doesn't I will still go there but it will be more of a treat than place I go to regularly.

I say try this place in a heart beat, you will enjoy it.  The food is good!
