ovtlrcsVRlgZZQUlHs_ovw I've been to this restaurant twice so far, once for my birthday with my coworkers back in December 2011 and in January 2012, I returned so I could let my husband try their food. I'll admit that I recognized the restaurant when flipping through Phoenix magazine, and I thought, "Finally, a nicer bistro type restaurant on the west side of the valley!"
When I came with my coworkers in December, we came during lunch hour and we called ahead so that they could save a table for 6-7 of us. The restaurant was set up with a more modern take on a bistro. The booths are black and there are chandeliers hanging from the ceiling with trendy wallpaper. The atmosphere is lively and there's a flat panel tv behind the bar in case you want to catch the game (for the husbands who are dragged there by their wives). The crowd is mixed. There are some young couples, some business men on their lunch break, and women enjoying some time with their friends away from home and sipping wine together. 
You need to come prepared to spend at least a little over an hour there and it says this right on the menu. Most of their entrees take alot of time and preparation. All we could think was, "This better be worth it," and thankfully it was!
The Vogue mac and cheese has truffles and pancetta and it just makes it so rich and flavorful! Surprisingly, we also shared the plantains which didn't really make sense to me on the menu since it was not the same "type" of food you'd think would be there, but they were yummy regardless.
The Vogue burger is huge, so one of my friends and I split one. It was also very, very good! The waitress was so nice! Since it was my birthday, she gave our table free sweet potato fries with the maple dressing and she also gave me box with a sampling of a variety of homemade chocolates and fudge. The service and the food definitely won me over! That's why I had to drag my husband back there a month later!
My husband and I came for dinner. This time we sat outside on the patio. Since it was January, it was still cooler outside, but they had heaters outside above to keep people comfortable. The restaurant is definitely capable of fitting bigger groups out on the patio. This time I enjoyed the duck confit while my husband tried the rabbit civet. He loved his dish! The rabbit did not taste too gamey. The stew had alot of flavors that complimented one another so the meat was just right and not overpowering. My duck's flavoring was very good, but some parts of the meat were on the drier side. For dessert, I had the pinapple tatin. It's basically their take on a pineapple upside down cake. It was pretty good and on the extra sweet side. 
This is not someplace I'd go all the time, since it can be on the more expensive side, especially at dinner, but I will definitely return again though, because I enjoy how different it is from the usual fare that you find in Surprise.
