37kk0IW6jL7ZlxZF6k2QBg I was so excited to come to Edulis because of its reviews and ratings. Sadly, this restaurant was so bad that I honestly don't feel like adventuring out again. It was absolutely terrible. Outside of the staff, who were very attentive and detail oriented, this place did not work at all. 

We started with the hedhog mushrooms cooked in duck fat. This was good but nothing amazing. However, at this point it was a starter so I wasn't expecting amazing. It was good but nothing I can't do at home. 

Next came the sweetbreads over polenta. I tried the polenta plain, and it was the worst polenta I have had in my life. This is saying something since I eat out excessively. The polenta was bland...it tasted as if it was boiled in plain water with nothing else. The sweetbreads were overcooked, too crispy and had a terrible after taste. It was awful...truly truly bad. I eat a lot of sweetbreads so I am well versed in how they should be prepared and how they should taste. 

Next was the duck. The duck was overcooked, it was medium well done. Duck is always supposed to be medium rare. If people dont like it that way, you ask them, you dont change the dish. The duck was a little chewy but it was ok. The citrus on the duck was nice. They also put whole beans in the sauce, which were undercooked and had a very bland after taste. So basically there was an overcooked duck on top of a sauce with undercooked beans...I can't say this was terrible like the sweetbreads but it wasn't good. It was ok. 

The final piece was the pulled halibut cheek with truffles. The truffles overpowered the fish and the fish seemed a little overcooked...it was slightly on the rubbery/chewy side...thirty seconds more on the stove and it probably would have been ruined. The truffles completely overpowered everything, the waitress said that was the center piece of the dish...I disagree with this. Truffles are an enhancer, they enhance flavor and bring the dish up...they aren't supposed to overpower the dish so you can only taste truffles. 

Overall this was awful. I don't understand why this place is booked solid. The only thing good about this place was the staff.
