ovtlrcsVRlgZZQUlHs_ovw A new slice of gastronomic heaven has opened in the northwest valley. Vogue Bistro and Bar, located in Marley Park at 15411 W. Waddell Rd. in Surprise is pleased to bring Cordon Bleu Culinary School trained Chef Aurore de Beauduy, most recently the former Chef at the Silverleaf Country Club located in DC Ranch in Scottsdale, to create contemporary American cuisine with a French bistro influence.  Now you can fulfill those gourmet desires Tuesday through Saturday,11:00 AM - Midnight or at Sunday Brunch from 10:00 AM - 2:00 PM. They are closed Mondays. 
 The ambiance is contemporary upscale with a crisp clean black and white décor. Located in the Bashas Shopping center on the far west end of the center, it's not at all what you would expect for a neighborhood bistro in Surprise. They have brought class to the area, with style and service you would expect in the finest cities of the world. But then many of the residents in Surprise and Sun City are world travelers who will return frequently for the more sophisticated dining experience near home. 
 Our server, a delightful young lady, recommended a bottle of wine, Barro Rose Pinot Grigio from Italy (www.bacchannalwines.com) glass $9/ bottle $32 from the extensive wine list. Most of their wines are imported. We were pleased with her suggestion and the opportunity to taste two of her recommendations.  
 Vogue owner Roman Yasinsky suggested Frito Misto $4 the tempura-fried calamari, seasonal vegetables, ginger bits, with a light aioli dip. He brought us an extra spicy dip to try as well. The presentation is delightful with swirled crisps piled high. Both dips and the calamari were very nice.  
Additional "Starters" on the menu include Bruschetta $3 with Chef Aurore's daily topping selection; Escargot $7 a delicate escargot sauteed in herb infused garlic butter and baked in a puff pastry; Smoked Salmon $9 luxurious house-smoked salmon, crème fraîche, pickled caperberries, red onion, artisan toast points. The smoked salmon is also available whole, for take out orders; Olives $7 house-marinated premium Mediterranean olives; Artisan Cuts $9 country-style pâte, assorted artisan sausages, salami and cured meats, olives, toasted almonds, Dijon mustard and warm handcrafted bread; Skewer $7 a daily selection of skewer grilled savory meats or seafood served with local seasonal greens and shaved Parmesan; Cheese $7 fine artisan cheeses from the world's best producers. 
 Next chef sent us a delicious Burotta Cheese Caprese $8. The creamy cheese from Italy is a special appetizer/salad not on the menu, and a unique twist on the traditional Caprese. Fresh basil and tomato accented with an Italian balsamic and this heavenly cheese that melts in your mouth instantly, lighter and sweeter than a traditional mozzarella. It was very much a pleasant surprise to experience something new and so delicious. 
 The Vogue Salad $8 with frisee, arugula, gorgonzola blue cheese, dried cranberries, pecans, pumpkin seeds and bits of applewood-smoked bacon tossed in warm sherry vinaigrette can be a meal in itself when topped with steak $4, chicken $4 or fish $4. The flavors of each unique ingredient combine to a flavor explosion so wonderful and satisfying.  
In addition to the wonderful list of basics on the menu everyday, Chef Aurore prepares specials and I was luck enough to experience her Duck seared breast confit paired with red cabbage in a fig emulsion $28. Tender and flavorful, the duck had a fig emulsion sauce that complemented the red cabbage perfectly. It was accompanied by a butternut squash soufflé that was more like a dessert with its naturally sweet light as air texture. 
 My dining companion enjoyed a Chilean Sea Bass $17 with endive and burotta cheese, basil and vinaigrette. Extremely light with a mild flavor, the bass is a good choice for warm summer dinners.   
 Other entrees on the menu include Steak Frites $15, all natural, prime grade Black Angus onglet steak prepared "medium rare" with brandied peppercorn sauce and served with Vogue Fries; Roasted Chicken $15, half chicken slowly roasted to perfection in herb-garlic jus, and served with Yukon Gold potatoes and roasted carrots; Fish $15, daily seasonal fish served with roasted sweet potatoes, local greens and warm citrus. She'll also be doing daily specials like osso buco, daurade, foie gras, cassoulet and duck confit. 
 Under the category of "Accessories" you will find some unusual but exciting offerings. Vogue Fries $3 are incredible according to several sources. Crisp and delicious, they are a perfect accompaniment to any sandwich or entrees and are served with a savory dipping sauce. I can't wait to return to try the Sweet Potato Fries $3 described as luscious and healthy on the menu, but "orgasmic" by a fellow diner. Vanilla Butternut Squash $3 is local organic butternut squash with vanilla beans, and Georgia pecans caramelized in maple syrup. too long again azphm .com for more... I have more pics too!
