OYHpqY6-3C-wXR-uPbHhwA I live close by so I've been watching closely to see when this place opened to give it a try. I walked in and I have to admit I was impressed as I was not expecting things like gellato/ice cream, and cupcakes to tempt me on my way in... . I just got off work so I planned to grab a menu on my way home, but I actually decided to have an early dinner.

I ordered to go and got one of their burgers. I was a little skeptical of the price till I realized they were half pound burgers. When I got home I saw the container not only with the massive burger, but it was filled to the brim with fries. Given that other places skimp on sides it was a very pleasant surprise. They were decent fries, nothing to write home about, but a good enough fry to go with a burger. I also got a side of onion rings as well since the price was right, and they were huge! Definitely tasted good, but I almost couldn't fit the food in my mouth! (I have a small mouth...thanks genetics), however even with it not quite fitting well in my mouth, I definitely look forward to trying Honey Cakes again, I had a feeling that their burgers weren't their specialty (or they're still trying to find their groove), and I hope that maybe a quarter/third pound might hit their menu in the future, as honestly a half pound with all the food they offer is too much food even for a fatty like me.

This place doesn't have everything, but has a lot of forays into various areas and plan to bring some of family to try them. My girlfriend loves crepes, My mom likes red velvet pancakes, and my dad could probably be swayed to the jerk chicken. I tried to avoid the desserts as I really didn't want to break my diet so I can't really speak on those.

As far as rating's, they still have a little bit of growing pains. They're brand new (at the time of writing) and it is obvious (As it is with any restaurant) that they are, but it is not their fault in the slightest. The food has generous portions, friendly staff, and I feel that once some of the wrinkles are ironed out it will be a solid addition to my food rotation. That being said, there's no wait on the food being good (I am very happy full after just having eaten there) and a solid 3.5-4 stars :)

P.S. My burger was NOT raw even when I ordered it Medium.
