37kk0IW6jL7ZlxZF6k2QBg Toronto's chowhounds formulated a list of their top tables recently, and Edulis, who I'd previously never heard of, was very near the top. I was in town looking for one "big" meal, and Momofuku Shoto was the other finalist. The fact that it was 3 times the price ($150, vs $50 for the Edulis 5-course "carte Blanche") made it a pretty easy decision. I wasn't disappointed. 

I arrived way too early because I was determined to leave ample time to find parking, and with good cause (residential permitting and a crowded area make parking a real challenge). When incredible luck served me up a front row parking spot, it resulted in being 50 minutes early for a 7pm reservation.  If you can find it, the parking is (amazingly) free.  

The venue is intimate, explaining why reservations are essential (weeks in advance would be wise, if not months). Tables had good spacing and this was a rare occasion where I never overheard another table's conversations (or maybe Canadians are just quieter). 

Meals are not listed on a menu, or even printed each evening, because it may change patron to patron, not just night to night. Our 5 course Canadian-focused menu included 1: sashimi-fresh tuna from Nova Scotia, 2: wild Salmon from British Columbia (both beautifully presented with lots of greens), 3: an undefinable dish with a foundation of asparagus, foie gras (yes!) on toast, arugula and sliced ham, 4: quail with morels (yes!, again), and 5: a dessert with fresh berries, their juice, and a pistachio meringue (I'm more of a chocolate lover, so this was the weakest link for me, but an understandable choice given the seasonality of fresh berries). 

Each dish was explained eloquently, but my memory isn't up to doing justice to the complexity of each course. The summary is: fresh and fantastic, and the price is right. I'd love to come back for the 7-course version (said to be equal in quantity of food, but more variety), and for the Sunday lunch (wines half price would be a pretty great deal, though pretty early to have a $50 Rioja, even for $25). 

I'll conclude with a small example of what makes Edulis special: the bread and butter were so fantastic, I had to ask if there was cheese in either - it just tasted so rich and different from anything I'd had before. I was told that the butter was the reason; I think it may be locally sourced, cultured, and very fresh. It's just an example of how even the simplest things get full attention throughout the entire experience. 

Highly recommended.
