OYHpqY6-3C-wXR-uPbHhwA I know, the reviews on the place look stunning, however my experience was the furthest from it. A few things happened that made this review of mine peak at 2 stars. 
Being new to North Las Vegas, my family and I were in the midst of unpacking the mountains of boxes in the house and we were all hungry for breakfast. Seeing as the kitchen was still cluttered with unopened boxes and having not come across all the tools needed to make a delicious breakfast myself, we looked at our options. 
Honey Cakes came up and with the massive amounts of good reviews, we said "Let's do this". We reviewed the menu and I called in the order. This is what we decided on:
Egg breakfast with potatoes and brisket.
Build your own omelette with Brisket, Cheese and Mushroom.
Red Velvet Pigs in a Blanket.
Red Velvet Pancakes.
Regular Pancakes.
I drove down (conveniently located about 4 miles from me), and my order was ready.
I'll be honest, as I was driving home, the smells were amazing coming from the two bags on the seat next to me. I unpacked those boxes and handed the kids theirs first. As I opened my container and Kisha's, I noticed something missing...the toast from both of our orders. One order of wheat, one order of white. I looked in the bags again to see if I had missed it....nope!! Not a good way to start off Honey Cakes. It wasn't very busy and I would expect that even if it was that the order was checked and double checked. But, I understand...things happen. I called and made sure they knew that I had been short changed so I could get my toast next time. 
Unfortunately, this isn't where the disappointment ends. As Kisha and I dove into our food, we both kinda looked at each other, perplexed. Kisha's brisket came served in a BBQ sauce, mine was without since it was in an omelette. It made no difference. The brisket was dry. I mean stuck in the middle of the Sahara with no water and only sand to drink dry. Not only was my brisket dry, but the entire omelette was dry. It was way over cooked. The accompanying potatoes had suffered the same fate. The majority of them were dried out. I like my potatoes to be a little crispy on the outside, and soft and tasty on the inside. Kisha had the same concerns. Over cooked scrambled eggs, dry brisket, and over cooked potatoes. We shared the original pancakes and those weren't that great either.  
The kids did enjoy their food, so at least they walked away happy.
I'm on the fence now, as to whether I'll give them another chance. 
If I do, I'll be sure to dine in.
