OYHpqY6-3C-wXR-uPbHhwA Swoon. I love the set up of this intimate cafe. It doesn't look like much from outside, but once you step inside it feels like you've been whisked away from Las Vegas. The café is colorful and aesthetically well put together.  There's an inviting gelato bar, croissants lined up on top, and an attractive chocolate and pastry lay out.  Like I said, swoon.

I ordered the veggie wrap ($6) and the mac 'n cheese ($6.95). After requesting the onions and avocado be withheld, I was presented with a wrap containing only lettuce, tomato, and cheese. Needless to say, this wasn't much of a wrap. There was a bunch of ingredients below the veggie wrap menu description I assumed were going to be thrown in. Now I know for next time I specifically need to ask for these extra ingredients. The mac 'n cheese wasn't my cup of tea (it's baked with onions that leave a distinct taste), but I have to admit it was still tasty.

My husband ordered the brisket BBQ plate ($12.95) and a side of onion rings  ($2.50). The plate came with green beans and white rice. I sampled the rice and the green beans, which were awesome. The rice was nice and sticky and the green beans tasted super fresh. My husband pretty much licked the plate clean. He even ate the fat off the brisket! Which he never EVER does. On top of that, he was praising the rice. That man doesn't even like rice. My husband asked our waitress to pass on compliments to the chef, who responded with a wide grin and said "That's how we do, man!". 

To finish off, we had some gelato. I tried the chocolate and my partner, the pistachio. We got the smallest size ($3), but it was plenty filling. 

We'll definitely be back. I'm looking forward to trying out their breakfast menu next time.

TIP: You order and pay at the counter, and there's a section for a tip. It kind of threw us off at first because we didn't know if we would have a waitress or if it would be more self-service. The waitress, if that's the proper title, brought the food to our table and checked if we needed refills. However, she never cleared any of our plates.

Update: Honey Cakes offers a 10% military discount!
P.S. There's a restaurant.com certificate available for Honey Cakes! It's kind of pricey here so it definitely helps to have one handy.  

YELP 100 CHALLENGE 2015: #02
