OYHpqY6-3C-wXR-uPbHhwA Tried this new restaurant in our neighborhood.  My husband ordered the Beef Sliders and gave it 2 thumbs up!  It was delicious...hot, freshly made, roasted peppers, fresh ingredients; a winner!  I ordered the Chicken Alfredo Crepe.  I was a bit disappointed to see the crepe was pre-made and they warmed it on the crepe maker.  It takes less than a minute to make a crepe with premade batter. That struck me as odd.  ~  Aside from that, issue with the chicken distribution (chicken all in the center, and 3-4" of empty crepe).  However, all was not lost.... the sauce was fresh, tasty, light and seasoned well.  Lastly, and the real bummer, was that the meal was luke warm; sat too long? Put on a cold plate? Maybe crepe wasn't heated through completely?  Perhaps because it was a chilly day, I was yearning for something piping hot.  Still, I'd file this under "Minor Infraction; the food wasn't cold.  It was delicious in spite of the temperature. 

I LOVE that this café uses REAL plates and flatware! This might not be a big deal for some, but it is for me. When I pay $11 for a meal, I don't want to eat it with a plastic fork.  (Major Cool Points)   Staff was friendly, albeit a bit more chatty than deemed necessary, but they were young so we made concessions.    

Ordered a few pastries and they were nothing short of SUBLIME!  Husband got some heavenly apple creme filled pastry (he let me have one bite). I ordered a raspberry macaroon (Just as though you can measure a good chef by their ability to can make a perfect egg, you can judge a good pastry chef by their ability to make the perfect macaroon) Let's just say that if I rated this restaurant by the 2 bites of the macaroon, I would have given it 5 stars!  It was probably one of the best I've eaten. 

So I'm giving Honey Cakes a 3 Star rating (A-OK), but I think they have a good foundation to build a great customer base. We will definitely go back to try other foods on the menu. Hate to rate a person, place or thing on just one experience.  If they can work out a few minor kinks, I think this restaurant has massive potential for growth!
