37kk0IW6jL7ZlxZF6k2QBg ....The flavours were discernible by the menu descriptions, and nothing came off as pretentious or over-reaching.   Hearing that the Carte Blache (their 5 or 7 course tasting  menus) was comprised primarily of menu items, we decided that we would prefer to choose our dishes to ensure that we got our must-have dishes (hello, foie gras, I'm talking about you). This is what we had:

 
Bread Basket
Simple and delicious with a fluffy rich white bun and a heartier whole grain selection.
 
Mixed Wild Mushrooms with Spanish Fried Egg and Brioche Toast
The flavours here were flawless.  The mushrooms were cooked and seasoned perfectly, a celebration of earthy deep flavours.  Cut by a bright parsley garlic olive oil, the egg and brioche brought a rich, decadent element that did not overpower the mushrooms.  I had only wished that the egg had been cooked a little less (the yolk did not run as I'd hope), and the brioche had been toasted or seared well enough that it maintained some of its integrity rather than becoming an indiscernible disk of soggy carbs at the bottom of the bowl.  My other criticism was that the dish was served luke warm.  Unfortunately, this was actually true for every dish we had at Edulis.

 
Fresh Istrian White Truffle with Soft Eggs and Onion Puree
Probably the best truffle dish I have ever tasted.  The onion puree had a sweet, slightly smokey flavour, with a pleasant mild acidic note.  The eggs had a really comforting texture, gingerly speckled with fresh herbs to cut the richness.  And thank you, Edulis, for doing truffle right.  A delicate shaving of white truffles adorned the eggs so that the umami-rich flavour was distinguished, but not overwhelming.

 
Poached Foie Gras "Facon Michel Guerard" Du Puy Lentils, Smoked Apple Puree For someone who ordinarily is not a huge fan of De Puy Lentils, this was a stellar dish, and worth holding out on the Carte Blanche for (or ordering it in addition to the tasting). The foie itself was generously portioned and incredibly buttery, contrasted with the supple pop of the lentils beneath.  I appreciated the sweet and acidic note of the apple, and the salty crunch of the chicken skin. Way to make a girl love lentils.

Glazed Beef Cheek with Black Trumpets, Parsley Root Puree, Sunchokes, Herbs
The beef cheek was meltingly tender, and its deep rich flavour was complemented beautifully with the trumpet mushrooms.  Both of these elements worked well with the nutty, sweet sunchokes and lustrously smooth puree.

 
Kale and Duck Leg Meat Ball with Stewed Potatoes and Hazelnuts
This was probably our least favourite dish, but by no means and failure.  The meat ball lacked the moisture and the sumptuous mouthfeel I would expect from anything made of duck legs.  The stewed potatoes and hazelnuts, however, were a dream.  The potatoes were tender and beautifully seasoned, while the hazelnuts lent a contrasting crunch and nutty aroma. This would make for a beautiful holiday side.

 
Vin Santo Roasted Pear, Walnut Toffee Cream, Salted Caramel
Sitting before us looking like a Bon Appetit magazine cover, this was a light, yet indulgent and elegant dessert.  The pear had slightly caramelized exterior, that when plunged into the caramel and cream below yielded a perfect bite of sweet, salty and richness.  As someone who has poached many-a-pears, I found the roasting technique easier to eat (with a bit of care, you could cut it easily with a spoon), but a little bit more grainy in texture. Regardless, I literally ate everything in the bowl except the stem.

Spiced Apple Sorbet
Another light and refreshing end to a meat-heavy meal.  The sorbet had all of those memory-evoking holiday spices, and without the weight an ice cream, I could actually appreciate the bright acidic apple flavour.  A rendition of this may make an appearance in my freezer sometime soon.


So, for 5 savoury dishes, 2 sweet, 3 cocktails, 1 glass of wine, sparkling water and a cappuccino, the bill came to $250, a bit more than we normally spend, but the quality was testimony to its worth.  I will definitely come for a return visit, and when I do, I'll plan for an all-nighter, tuck into a 7-course Carte Blanch, and try to spend some time chatting it up with Tobey.  Congratulations Edulis on your recent success and accolades.  There is definitely good reason why you've been voted number one!
