OYHpqY6-3C-wXR-uPbHhwA After doing some shopping in the same parking lot as Honey Cakes Cafe, I decided to stop by and pick up some lunch to-go. I noticed some tasty looking desserts in the front glass case, so I decided to pick out some of those along with my lunch order. I was greeted by the owner Anthony, who says he brings 20 years of experience working on the Strip here to his baby, Honey Cakes Cafe. He said that he experienced a few kinks after first opening, but feels he has things smoothed out now. 

The Corner Salad ($9.95) - Lettuce, tomatoes, red onions, bacon, avocado and jerk grilled chicken with jerk honey home dressing. The salad also had a couple large croutons on the top of the salad that I broke up and sprinkled over the top. The lettuce was crisp and the veggies were very fresh. I also enjoyed the dressing. The bacon had great flavor. When it came to the chicken I was disappointed. It just tasted like grilled chicken with salt and pepper which isn't bad, but nothing special. I hoped with "jerk" being in the name and seeing the pictures of the chicken they had on the menu, that it would have had more flavor. The salad was still very good and the portion was big. 

Potato Leek Soup ($5.50) - I really liked this soup and could have just eaten the soup and a piece of bread as a meal since it was a good portion. The soup held up well during the car ride and was still nice and when I had it after tackling my salad. 

Veggie Quiche - My order was taking longer than I expected. One employee stopped at the table I was sitting at and let me know it was taking some time because they were making it fresh. A moment later, Anthony brought me over a veggie quiche that he said just came out of the oven and wanted me to try it. I explained that I needed room for my salad and soup, but he insisted. I really enjoyed the quiche and would eat one again. I also enjoyed the genuine passion and pride that Anthony clearly has in the type of food he puts out. The smile on his face when I took the first bite of the quiche said it all. 

Butterscotch Muffin ($3.99) After all the food I consumed, I had forgotten about the few goodies I picked out. The butterscotch muffin was heated up and packaged nicely. I was impressed with how warm and fresh the muffin still was just like the soup. I could only eat half, but it was worth every penny. 

Chocolate Mousse Cake ($4.50) - I shared this with hubby later for desert and we both really liked it. The chocolate flavor tasted excellent! I think some people who like chocolate, but don't love it will want to try something else because the chocolate really stands out in this one which I personally like, but others might find too rich. 

When I first walked inside, I noticed how it wasn't too spacious, but more narrow. They have tables inside where you can eat, but it can get tight on space if it's busy. I'd recommend dining out on the more spacious patio if you aren't getting your food to-go. The tables outside are a decent size and the tables that are in direct sunlight have large umbrellas over them providing good shade. Even though the chicken was simple the salad was so fresh and tasted great, the soup was comforting and going to become my best friend in Fall, the baked goods tasted excellent and my to-go order was packaged well and still hot. I'd recommend calling your order in if you want your food to-go as it will help cut down on your wait time if you are on a timed lunch break.
