OZC42gnhlJ_auXduDRfMoQ I hate writing bad reviews. I hate it hate it hate it. But I really have only one good thing to say about this place. 
Its in a great location and the patio will be awesome in the cooler weather. 
As for the rest of the experience it was simply awful. 
Before I start on the food, I have to complain about the service. All the servers help out with all the tables which usually works out but in this case it just meant that no one owned any table and everyone was left to languish. It took 40 minutes for our food to come. Our drinks were empty for 10 minutes at a time, several times. The coup de grace came while I was already getting irritated and the waiter walked to the end of the table while we were eating, exclaimed "pardon my reach" leaned in and reached past two of us to the opposite end of the table to pick up a napkin ring. When I said 'really/" he said "I SAID pardon my reach!". Classless. Walk around to the other end of the table. Its not that far. 
Three of us dined and ordered different items. 
A companion ordered the breakfast sandwich which is served on a croissant but since they were out of croissants they had to substitute a very bready mealy bread. Its a french cafe and they were out of croissants. Let that roll around in your head awhile. He didnt finish it. it was awful. 
I ordered the Eggs Benedict. It was served on toasted baguette. Toasted so hard that if I wasnt so strong I wouldn't have been able to cut it. Chewing it was another problem altogether. I found it greasy and flavorless. The potatoes that came with it were of the crispy chunky frozen food variety. 
Our third companion ordered the savory crepes with goat cheese and ham. This comes with a side salad. A side salad. Really. He enjoyed the crepes but was left hungry. 

The quote that sums up the experience came on the way to the car "The best thing about that restaurant is the food is so bad we can now go get frozen yogurt!". 

My advice, train your staff or hire new ones. Have more than two cooks on a Sunday Brunch. Order enough food so that you don't run out of the staples. Re-evaluate your menu and dishes. 

Best of luck, I hope you make some changes and can pull this off.
