OZC42gnhlJ_auXduDRfMoQ Wow!  Just happened upon this place this afternoon, and am more than a little bit surprised at what a great experience we had here today.  The ambiance is brilliant--very open and minimalist, with music at a pleasant, unobtrusive volume.  The weather today was gorgeous, and they had the door open to allow in the cool breeze.  At least three waitstaff approached my girlfriend and I, checking in with us regarding what we would like off of the menu.  We ordered two sandwiches, the Salmon on the baguette (delicious homemade, flaky bread!) and the Seared Tuna and Avocado on the Ezekiel bread; both came with side salads.  The sandwiches were delicious, albeit the Salmon was light on the actual salmon, which I was a bit disappointed by.  In all, though, the ingredients were fresh and not too heavy. I got a refreshing iced coffee for $2.50 with free(!) refills. 
      A man who I believe to be the owner hung out with us and talked to us about his time in France, and gave us some madeleines on the house, which are made fresh here--they were delicious...a hint of lemon or citrus zest!  He also encouraged us to try the Lucky Buddah beer, infused with essence of violet and light blackberry flavoring--it was awesome! The additives did not sweeten the beer, merely augmented it.  Finally, as we transitioned into some Sunday work on the wifi, we tried some of the pastries for dessert....I had the hazlenut/milk chocolate/ganache dome pastry, and my girlfriend had the blackberry tart with a rum base.  Utterly delicious--the dome tastes like a larger, lighter version of a Ferrero Roche.  To top it all off, contrary to their website's posted hours, they are open until 10 pm on a Sunday!!  AWESOME.
     Suffice it to say we had a beautiful, romantic Sunday afternoon and evening here, absolutely enhanced by the attentive and congenial staff. I've seen some comments about previous experiences from others who have visited Scratch that mentioned a "chaotic," or "disorganized," staff--I do notice that they are less conventional in that so many waitstaff approached our table to check on us, which I find to be different from what I am used to, but pleasant nevertheless!  To me it shows that they are collectively invested in ensuring that their customers are being attended to.  I am so excited to see Scratch as an addition to the Downtown Phoenix restaurant and bar scene; definitely one of my favorites thus far!!
