oZHbPhIj01_31jqD053a_Q Except 200-220$ (tip included) for the 

Previous Commentary by Christopher M.,  but I must add some notes. First of all the French Toast with Foie Gras and berry with reduces Chicoutai was Extraordinary. I think I'd have that everyday. The Princess scallops with porcini cream was really good: The texture - almost crispy-ish of the scalopp with the creamy taste was a nice blend in mouth .It is some New French Cuisine with some extreme talent. As for the Service, I'm French I know it was relaxed and absolutely professional and since there as no english-speaker client around our table, I must say that I don't know if they might be a language barriage of not.  The Service was fast and you could feel the kitchen staff was drilled and professionnal; The talent was constant. I took the Menu Degustation Signature" with the accompanying wine pairing (5 glasses of wine) (too)).  Wine were approx. some 20-50$ wine so somehow some decent quality wine. 

As for the CO2 ceasar salad, it is presented as an experience therefore I could not agree on the taste. Personally I thought i was special but not in the bad way. Good mixed taste with the Parmeggiano but I would have found the taste a little bit more fun if the porcetta was cut in small bites and pour into the «Salad Mousse». 

All the portion were really by the book of French Cuisine standard full 7 courses meal ; approx from 40 to 100g per course (2 to 4 onces) and the main course was 150g (4.5-5 onces). The Cheese course was really well presented and all cheesed were tempered so the flavours were enhanced and tastier. As an ex-cheese-seller I can definately assure you the selection is good. 
The presentation and the freshness and taste of desert were incredible. 

Again, another point where I would disagree with the previous post is the price which is justifiable because you have some extremly high quality products that are fresh and  as an Ex-Chef I can tell that the cost of the products that are served in your dishes easiely cost 30$- 40$. So basically if you go there and have some training in the food business, trust me, you'll be AMAZED by the technics they're employing for the menu. I think the same Restaurant in New York City would cost approximatively 300-400$ per person. Such products are really hard to find and not foundable in a near area.
