oZHbPhIj01_31jqD053a_Q I am not in the habit of leaving internet reviews, but I feel that the world needs to be warned about this restaurant: it is a gimmicky, gaudy, over-priced tourist trap.  As a preface, my girlfriend and I didn't actually end up eating very much food there - we actually just chose to leave after our drinks/appetizers and before paying several hundred dollars for what we surmised would be a horrible meal.  So, it is possible that the entrees at Europea are in fact very good, but I doubt it, and even if that is the case, the place is pretty tacky and dingy.  To put the review in context, my girlfriend and I are mid-20s Americans with what I'd call reasonably smart tastes in food and culture - we are not foodies etc., but I'd say we know bad food and a bad restaurant when we see it.

We booked a reservation here after arranging a last minute trip to Montreal and were looking for a traditionally upscale French dinner to cap off our long weekend in the city.  Europea had great reviews on yelp and opentable, the menu looked good, it is run by a celebrity chef, we were staying a few blocks nearby and appeared to be in a location where you'd find good restaurants, so it seemed like an obvious choice.  Our first concerns emerged as we saw the neighborhood, which is the type of downtown area filled with taco bells, souvenir shops, strip clubs and, of course, tourist trap restaurants.  We decided to google image Europea to see what the inside looked like - judging from the photos online, it appeared to be a tacky restaurant, but we placed some trust in the glowing reviews on yelp and decided to show up for the reservation anyways.  

We walked in to find the restaurant exactly as portrayed in the images - it looks like it was styled in the early 1990s and hasn't been renovated since.  Picture fake plastic neon colored plants, neon fluorescent lights on the bar, some 90s Euro techno music as light background music, dingy carpets, worn silverware and waiters in ill-fitting tuxedos.  Things didn't look good, but we still gave them the benefit of the doubt, and were seated by the hostess and ordered two martinis.  Our table was next to the staircase in the center of the restaurant and everything on it shook any time someone walked up or down the stairs. 

The martinis came as the host brought out some complementary appetizers: a small dried "meat strip" hanging on a tiny clothes hanger, garlic-olive bread sticks, some kind of pesto "lollipop" and truffle-cheese popcorn (I think?).  Each food item came with a little story about its preparation.  We took a sip of the martinis, which were gin and vodka respectively...they must have been 50% water, and to boot, were served in metal martini glasses with a comically large stick of olives across the top, so large in fact that we couldn't get the olives in the drink.  We then tried some of the small appetizers and it was impressively bad: the meat strip was glorified beef jerky, the lollipop was horribly according to my gf and the popcorn/breadsticks were not only disgusting, but seemed like they had been left out for several days...just musty, stale and soggy all at once.  The waitress then came by and offered us a hot towel, which she prepared by pouring hot water on a compressed roll of cotton with a teapot, which then expended into a soggy, lukewarm paper towel.

Our waitress then came to the table with a wooden box, opened it and offered us two "cheese cigars" (a direct quote)...the cheese cigars were, predictably, your standard microwavable fried mozzarella sticks, but I can't even say they tasted as good as something you might buy in a freezer aisle.  That was the end for us - it's not a cheap restaurant, and we weren't going to risk a few hundred dollars on their food.  So, we got up and left, got a take-out margherita pizza from a place up the street, watched a movie in our apartment and made a toast to not wasting our money on bad food.

Long story short, this place is a tourist trap built to take the money of people that don't know any better.  It is well-reviewed, which I can only presume means that many people on Yelp don't have the most sophisticated of tastes.  But, if you are looking for type of experience described in those reviews, I'd suggest looking in a different neighborhood.  We wish we had booked something in Plateau or one of the other more interesting, cultured neighborhoods.
