oZHbPhIj01_31jqD053a_Q Let me preface this with my boo thang and I arrived late (around 9:30pm) for our 9pm reservation. As such, our meal was very rushed and the food tasted stale and reheated. 

We were rushed to our seats and promptly began our meal with the amuse-bouche appetizers (which was our favorite part of the meal). The beef jerky, truffle popcorn, and cheddar crisps were delicious. 

Seconds after, we were served stale, reheated bread with hard butter fresh from the fridge. 

Cheddar cigars were then brought to our table, along with risotto balls (also very delicious, but so is anything stuffed with hot cheese). 

After the onslaught of finger food, we finally ordered. 

The lobster cappuccino was good, but it was more of a lobster bisque in a cup. You couldn't really taste the truffle - wasn't anything particularly extraordinary. 

We were then served "a big book, but a short story" which was full of maple smoke (surprising and very entertaining) and a small smoked salmon tart. 

After, we received our appetizers - calamari noodles with (what seemed like) Alfredo sauce and fish eggs, while my Prince Charming's was scallops with lobster beet ravioli. I preferred my lover's dish, he preferred mine. 

We then received a very odd palette cleanser - Yuzu sorbet with cucumber and a very bitter citrusy foam. Not to our liking, the bitterness and chunky texture of minced cucumber with the sorbet was off-putting.

The entrees were pretty good, but again - nothing too extraordinary. My honey-boo-boo noted that it was nothing he couldn't discern from his own cooking. 

The pre-desert was overwhelming and contained a plethora of sweets - from cotton candy to macarons and white chocolate madeleines. Then we received the actual desert, at which point I had already contracted diabetes. It was a raspberry sorbet on top of a fresh cream on top of a blueberry cobbler (for the love of God, do not mix this together). My boyfriend and I felt like toddlers on a sugar-high before nap-time - slightly nauseous and not likely to sleep anytime soon.

Overall the meal was good, but nothing as amazing as the presentation of the food would lead you to believe. Atmosphere of the restaurant was slightly confusing as it was a French/Japanese fusion (the change back and forth between upbeat French cafe tunes and zen garden music was a journey in itself).

Good, but not good enough to come back. I think this is largely to do with our running late and the restaurant attempting to close on time - our dining experience was slighted as a result.
