37kk0IW6jL7ZlxZF6k2QBg Rating: 4.5 stars
Overall: Lovely, delicious food with a good price-to-quality ratio with European-style, gentle service and cozy space reflective of the co-owners' personalities. Would go again.

Food: Seven-course tasting menu with additional courses of truffled egg with maple cream and cheese tasting plate. Only two "eh, could be better" dishes in terms of execution/combination of flavours and the rest were very solid to excellent. Dessert was unique, incredibly delicious, and memorable -- rhubarb in a bruleed blood orange sabayon with star anise meringue. Whoever is their saucier should be applauded. Even when the sauces weren't paired well, they were always superb -- silky smooth, coated the palate well, and an excellent balance of flavours. Their cheese selection is wonderful and currently they have an American Artisan cheese special going on.

Drink: We brought our own wine, but they serve Q water. Coffee needs improvement -- no crema on my espresso, bitter, one-note, and way too many grinds leftover at the end. 

Service: The service is more European, i.e., a beat or two slower and mild, gentle, and soothing. It almost verges on languid. Our nine-course meal took four hours, sometimes with more than a few overly lengthy waits for food. We thought they forgot our dessert at one point. People looking for lengthier explanations of where the food comes should temper their expectations, especially going to a place touted for its local sourcing of ingredients. We had to pour our own water many times and we got a bit thirsty when they took the pitchers away and forgot to return them filled. However, they kept the bread coming, which came in very handy to mop up those delicious sauces.

Atmosphere/Space: Cozy, almost verging on cramped, but it's almost like you're having a dinner party at your friend's house, so you wouldn't mind as much. The chairs get hard after 4 hours of sitting. Casual and it feels like those many BYOW (which you can do!) restos in Montreal littered across residential neighbourhoods.

Price: $90 for 7 courses with additional supplements for other courses. Very reasonable for the quality of food you're getting.
