p2OvNFiFKnRoWSRON4-lcA I was directed here by some recommendations on a Facebook group that I'm a part of. The reviews were so positive I just had to come and check it out for myself. I called Thursday afternoon for a reservation that evening as suggested by the website. I got right in and arrived right when they opened for dinner at 5pm. The restaurant itself was an adorable little house set back from Columbia Rd. I could hardly believe that it was a restaurant at first! 

I was greeted by a lovely French gentleman, the owner (George) as I later learned, and was seated in the dining room all by myself. George was wonderfully helpful with the menu and drinks, recommending wines to go with each dish. Throughout my meal he made sure that everything was to my liking and, as I was alone, took the time to chat with me about food, France, travel, and the restaurant business. I felt incredibly welcomed and was thrilled to have such a kind and knowledgeable person to talk to while I ate.

As for my meal, I started with the soup of the day- mushroom and cream soup with herb oil. It was more of a mushroom puree because there was very little cream taste and the mushrooms were certainly the star of the soup. Very delicious!

My second course was the escargot with a little salad. The escargot was presented very different than I'm used to! It was served in little puff pastry triangles! I must say, it was DELICIOUS! Far better than I'd even had in France. The escargot were very tender, the portion was generous, and the taste was well balanced. The flakiness of the pastry really added a nice textural difference to the soft escargot, not to mention the pastry were flaky, buttery, and delicious on their own!

My next course was the signature dish of the restaurant- the skate wing. I was skeptical because skate is a VERY tough fish to both cook and get fresh. There's a LOT that can go wrong!! Again, the skate had been recommended so I wanted to try it. I was definitely NOT disappointed! The fish was tender, juicy, and so fresh! The taste of the fish itself is like scallop meets shrimp meets halibut. It's mild but sweet and very meaty. The sauce base was horseradish and mustard but wasn't overpowering at all (like one would think of horseradish). It was served with rice and perfectly julienned veggies. 

My next course was the cheese plate. Four very different French cheeses with varying intensities. All very delicious!

My final course was peach clafoutis. I love fruity desserts and this one was a pleasure. It was not overly sweet, which is what I prefer, and was a very delicate finale!

The wines were all French in origin and the two I had paired perfectly with my meal and were recommended by George himself. 

All in all an extremely pleasant meal with wonderful company. I will return to this restaurant over and over and will happily recommend it to anyone looking for a great place to eat!
