P6O50VeFlBIJpP0QPYsXbQ Restaurant Guy Savoy: I saved my dinner at Restaurant Guy Savoy for my last dinner in LV since I knew I would be so full I wouldn't need food the next day on my flight back to NYC (I did have the wonderful lobster omelette at Cafe Bellagio for breakfast).

Dinner at Guy Savoy is serious business. Do not dine here if you have a show to catch. Do dine here if you want dinner to be the main event. Do plan to spend a good 3 hours at one of the most exquisite dinners anywhere.

Service is friendly, attentive and very polished. Tables are well spaced. Service was paced well. Wine list is physically huge so a special stand is brought to the table. I had a lovely table overlooking the strip with a perfect view of the Eiffel Tower at the Paris Hotel. Almost made me believe I was in Paris. I've dined at Guy Savoy in Paris, and prefer Guy Savoy LV.

I selected the Innovation Menu.

The dinner began with a few delicious little bites: Foie gras and toast on a skewer; Parmesan tart; and burger canapé on a skewer.

The humongous bread cart was wheeled over, and I chose 5 breads: Parmesan, mustard seed and milk rolls; and slices of lemon, and carmelized onion bread.

The menu was:

Caviar, frozen cauliflower mousse
Langoustine tartare, heirloom carrot petals, poached-fried quail egg
Salmon iceberg (Chef prepares this tableside)
Line caught sea bass, crispy scales, sauerkraut and kusshi oyster 
Foie gras, pickled turnip, Bellota ham-quince infusion 
Pumpkin soup, poached egg and Alba white truffles (a requested substitution from the white truffle menu since I've had the artichoke soup with black truffles twice before)
Pan seared quail, stuffed baby turnip and smoked sabayon (the sabayon is cooked in the egg shell and cracked tableside)
Japanese wagyu, sesame seed and tarragon crust, artichoke salad and barigoule, sponge cake
White truffle cromesqui (one bite)
Brie white truffle 
Pear textures
Mont Blanc 
Frozen lava cake

I've had the Innovation menu twice, and highly recommend it to serious diners. Definitely will return to Restaurant Guy Savoy!
