P6O50VeFlBIJpP0QPYsXbQ We had an exchange student from France at our high school whose favorite top compliment was "formidable!"  You'd have to hear her say this with her delightful accent.  For my meal at Guy Savoy, I often thought of Christelle and silently said "formidable!"

I got the Signature Menu, a multi-course meal of wonderfully prepared and plated food.  Dinner started with what could be called 3 amuse-bouches although only one was called the amuse-bouche.  Shortly after getting comfortable, a server brings you a metal skewer of foie-gras with black truffle.  In a bit, you're brought another morsel, a 2 piece waffle with parmesan cheese.  Then the "official" amuse-bouche arrives.  It's a small cup of zucchini soup with some pine nuts.  You brush the nuts into the soup.  My server, Kriste, suggested I check under the cup when I was done for something else.  Sure enough, there was a small piece of pork belly to enjoy when the main part was finished.

The first course was the chestnut course.  There was chestnut purée, small whole chestnuts, sliced mushrooms, and chestnut soup.  It was marvelous.  I haven't eaten chestnuts since I was a teen.  

The second course was called the Colors of Caviar--layers of caviar in different forms topped by a layer of caviar sabayon.  A server suggested inserting the flat spoon all the way down and getting some of each layer.  Very nice!

During this time, I had one piece of lemon bread from the bread cart.  You're automatically brought two pieces of bread after being seated and I didn't want to fill up on bread.  I have to go again and try the sea weed bread.  They had a very nice selection.

Course three was whole stuffed red mullet.  The head of the fish was discretely covered by a leaf of cooked spinach. The fish was stuffed with very thinly sliced mushrooms and spinach.  It was extraordinary!

Course four was Foie-gras with a bitter infusion.  They bring a glass tea pot with a candle to your table.  In the tea pot, green tea is placed and consomée is added.  The foie-gras is prepared in the kitchen as the infusion heats.  Then the foie-gras arrives and the infusion is poured around the dish.  You're all given a small glass of the infusion to enjoy after each bite.  The foie-gras was perfectly seared on top.

Course five was artichoke and black truffle soup served with a toasted mushroom brioche with black truffle butter.  The soup is completely water based--no cream or stock.  It's amazing how much flavor comes from the ingredients with just water!

Course six was beef tenderloin (with bone marrow on top)--done according to your wishes when you order your meal--with a carrot paleron cannelloni.  The beef was so tender and flavorful. The carrot cannelloni was quite tasty and a very clever concept.

Course seven was the cheese course.  There were many options on the cheese cart.  The cheeses were described very thoroughly.  I chose roquefort, a milder cheese from the Savoie region of France, and a more liquid, more full flavored cheese from the Loire Valley.  The plating is done in a way that the cheeses go from mildest to strongest or the other way around depending on where you start.  There's more bread here.  I got two slices, one of a fruit bread and one a nut bread.

Then came a palate cleanser of chopped blackberry with fresh apple pieces and a small spoon of cinnamon crumb cubes.

Course eight was the first dessert--Coconut six ways.  I can't remember all the ways but there was coconut soup, coconut granité, coconut soup, coconut tapioca, fresh coconut slices and one I don't remember.  Delightful!

Course nine was the second dessert--chocolate fondant, crunchy praline, and a chicory cream.  Rich chocolate, a tasty cream to dip your fondant in, and the crunchy praline was superb!  A great ending--almost.

Then the mignardises trolley was wheeled to the table.  There was such a large selection.  I made five choices, a stuffed grape, some jasmine marshmallow, a wonderful petit cheesecake, caramelized banana, and one other I don't remember.  I was on a food high!

Service was extraordinary!  Kriste, the main server, was always attentive and there were two others.  Between the three, there was always an eye on my table to make sure I had anything I needed.  Near the end of the meal, Chef Chartron stopped by my table and introduced himself and asked about how the meal was.  This is always a nice touch.  

Prior to dinner, Kriste gave me a tour of the restaurant including the Krug Room, one of only five in the world.  After dinner, she took me to the kitchen to speak with Chef Chartron and see the kitchen area.  Chef Chartron was working on a new menu and his chef's table had his papers on which he was writing his plans.  I found out there was a sub-kitchen two floors below and this is the finishing kitchen.  

In summary, this was the most enjoyable meal I've had in Las Vegas.  Everything was exceptional--food, service, and surroundings!  This really deserves all five stars!
