P6O50VeFlBIJpP0QPYsXbQ Guy Savoy is a 2 Michelin star restaurant that is located inside Caesars Palace on the 2nd floor.  Making reservations was fairly easy.  I just logged into my Open Table account.  This restaurant does require that you make a deposit so for those flakers out there, there are consequences if you decide to not show up.

On the night of the reservation, I had high expectations, but I did not expect to be treated like a queen for the night.  I think they definitely deserve their third star.  My bf and I had reservations for 1915.  We were immediately seated inside a room that was fairly private without having to request for it.  Outside our window, we could see the Eiffel tower of the Paris hotel right across the street which made it feel like we were really dining in Europe.

Next, a woman offered to check my coat in and she even brought out a little stool for me to place my purse on so that my purse would not be touching the ground.  What?!?  That's cray cray!

Our waiters were amazing.  Our glasses were never empty.  They kept coming by and filling up our glasses.  You could also tell that everyone was on the same page and worked well as a team because it didn't matter which table you were responsible for.  Everyone took care of everyone's customers.

I went with the prix fixe Innovation-Inspiration Menu which was $375 per person is a 14 course meal that lasts anywhere from 3-4 hours.  If you plan on dining here, make sure you empty out your bowels and don't plan on attending any shows afterwards otherwise I can guarantee that you will miss them.

After the 1st course, the waiter rolled this humongous bread cart!  This bread cart had the most unusual breads on it.  It had bread that had bacon on the inside, bread that had lemon flavors to it, and etc.  Our knowledgeable waiter, Adrien, was able to recommend which breads went best with which courses.  I've heard of pairing wines with your meals, but never pairing bread with your meals!  Don't get too greedy, save room for the rest of the courses.  Trust me, you will be super stuffed!

Having a meal with this many courses can get exhausting.  I needed a bathroom break and I asked Adrien for directions to the bathroom.  He didn't verbally tell me where it was.  Instead, he said, "Right this way" and escorted me there personally!  WTH?!?  Am I being punk'd?  He took me to a room that had a glass door and opened it for me.  I stepped inside this room that had two sinks in there.  I'm thinking, um... seriously, I have to pee and there is no toilet in sight.  Where is it?  Two sinks is not going to solve the problem.  This was when I noticed a "secret" door that pretty much blended in with the wall.  I walked in there and that was when I saw the toilet.  Phew!  Thank God I didn't have to take drastic measures.  The bathroom was super clean and there were no paper towels in sight.  There was a basket to the side of the sink with real towels to dry off my hands.  After I was done, I started heading back to my seat.  I am a speed walker, but before I could make it all the way, I swear, a random waiter saw me coming out of the bathroom and dashed out of nowhere to escort me back to my seat.  He pulled out my chair for me and placed the napkin on my lap.  Damn!  I like how you guys roll, Guy Savoy!  A girl could totally get used to this! :)

Savoy's Innovation-Inspiration Menu was basically like eating art.  Each dish was beautifully presented using unique/exotic ingredients, and tasted amazing!  By the time we were done with our 14 courses, we were stuffed, but the chef kept bringing out more samples for us.  Then as we were leaving the restaurant, we were given to-go boxes that contained a small size baked good on the inside.  Damn.  I'm hella stuffed, I don't need that.  Thanks though.

Yes, Michelin star restaurants are expensive so save up!  However, it is a once in a lifetime experience so if you get the chance to go to one, I highly recommend it!  You'll be so spoiled and feel so special that you'll never see eating out the same way again.  Guy Savoy is a great place to make reservations to for special occasions!
