P6O50VeFlBIJpP0QPYsXbQ I dislike this place and will never recommend it to anyone. Fine dining to me involves 1) Unique wonderful food 2) Immaculate service - this is why you pay so much more, which is why it's called fine dining.

If you look, I usually like to only review places I LIKE. So people will go there. Why waste time to help advertise places I do not like. This is an exception.

Here is the gist, my friend had left because she was hung over. She had ordered bread from the cart, prior to leaving. I did not. So she got her food in a box and left, while myself and 4 other friends stayed for the rest of the dinner. While we were enjoying our entrees I was eating HER bread. The bread was wheat bread, and I admit, was delicious. So the waiter (whom french accent sounded super unauthentic) seeing that she left, comes over to clean up and remove her place setting - which is normal. He reaches over and grabs the plate with the bread on it, which was next to me. I tell him "No no leave the bread, I am eating it". Now, what is the common sense  thing to do, if you were the waiter?

Think about it... Common sense?!?!

Answer: You put the plate down!!! walk away and let the customer enjoy the bread! 

Right????

You do not even need to say anything, but of course, instead of doing this, he spoke back in condescending tone "But monsieur, that is the ladies bread" as if I broke some sort of natural law- Is it really unacceptable for me to eat someone else bread?If the same situation occurs at any other restaurant, I can *almost* guarantee you they will put the plate down and would probably even be glad to do so. 

So he grabs the plate (with my hand on the plate as well!) and said "I will bring you another bread". I totally recall thinking... Why is he arguing with me? So he takes off with the plate and this was when I was not too happy. He did come back with bread, but it was NOT the same type!! Obviously, I am not going to make call him out because it is not the same kind of bread but this added to my fury!!!!

Alright, because this happen with bread, you may say "it's only bread" Well, lets substitute this situation with say.. soup. Your friend leaves so you are enjoying their clam chowder which was ordered. The waiter comes over to deny you of it, even though you ask to leave it there. He brings you a new bowl of soup, however when it arrives, its some cream of broccoli. 

I know most of you would say something about the soup!

Anyways the food.. I ordered the Kobe Beef. I had six ounces of it, its sold by the ounce. It was not good. The above incident occurred during the main course, so I stopped eating. Left a couple ounces on the plate and did not allow anyone to touch it. 

Another one of my friend saw I was upset and so she said something to the manager (or owner, not sure) and he provided complementary glass of wine to everyone. I made sure nobody drank the wine they gave me. 
I do not need this crap and you do not either, hundred of places in Vegas to have a great dining experience. I walked out upset. 

it maybe a funny story with my friends and I now but at the moment, I was Pissssssed.


Never again!


Breakdown: 1-star for the manger who did something. 0 star of everything else.
