P6O50VeFlBIJpP0QPYsXbQ Wow I'd have to say this dining experience was such a roller coaster! I'll preface this review with the fact that we did not do the full tasting menu but went with simple 2 course along with the requisite courses of amuse bouche. 
When I walked in, I was immediately impressed with a beautiful wine rack leading into an impressively tall dining space.  As I sat down though, the place didn't feel like a comfortable space to eat. It could have been a great art gallery as the walls and center divider impose a very understated but imposing feel. The bread and dessert carts looked almost too industrial. I know they went for minimalist but wow... 
OK; set that stuff aside and think about the food... Amuse Bouche... the first spear of toast with foie gras torchon was tasty... it lead on to a potato soup with a dollop of minced maguro; a light choice. Everything pleasant, nothing controversial. 
For starters we went for a lobster salad... it came beautifully presented in layers of lobster and delicately julienned greens and a crisp lobster cracker, and more lobster... topped with a sauce of lobster reduction. MMMMMM...
Great bread filled in the spaces.
Then came our main which we went with roasted veal chop for two. First bite of the meat was just a touch disappointing. The meat was tender, the chop perfectly pink... it just didn't have anything remarkable to it. The veal reduction sauce was very classic but again, not remarkable. At that point we were running the numbers on our bill and asking if the 4 $ signs were worth it? Well then the potato puree that accompanied the dish brought the impression roaring back to a strong rating. Black truffle infused potato pure garnished with a thin slice of truffle on top and rich truffle foam... I had 2 plates and they just kept offering us more... What a delight! 
For dessert I chose the apple... a confluence of apple flavors and textures... very... apple-y. and interesting from a taste standpoint. But, the coconut dessert amuse bouche stole the show for me. WOW. 
Then the finale... dessert cart. the industrial minimalist cart... bearing bite after bite of dessert wonderfulness... Chocolate mousse was rich and satisfying. brown butter tart - memorable, many of the other mini-desserts.. just were all deserving of praise. 
Last comment is on service. Our waitress was very personable and thoughtful.
