P6O50VeFlBIJpP0QPYsXbQ We were under a time constraint the night we ate here and I had no time to go back to our hotel to change into something that would be more fitting for a fancy dinner.  This means I showed up dressed in a cable knit sweater, distressed jeans and my Hunter wellingtons.  Yes indeed, I looked as if I was ready to shovel ankle-level piles of horse manure; I did not look like I was ready to eat at a fancy schmancy restaurant.

This is not a new thing for me, as I have been caught dining at Michael Mina wearing a baseball cap and puma sneakers. It's my ironic way of saying "f*ck the establishment" while inhaling mini spoons of caviar, basking in the hypocrisy of my so-called "principles". I kid. I kid.

The wonderful thing is that despite my shoddy appearance that night, the service we were provided with at Guy Savoy was no less than perfect.  There is much to be said about a group of servers who treat you like you are the Queen of England herself despite it all. 

We were scheduled to watch a show following dinner, and the server who greeted us at the table made sure to be mindful of the time.  He disappeared and appeared again with a silver plate carrying what looked like two bite-sized waffle pieces.  

"The second amuse for tonight, Mademoiselle,"  he said, quite pleased with himself.  The first amuse-bouche had been some toast that was spread over with foie-gras au torchon which had more of the consistency of liver pate.  

I picked up one of the bite-sized items and looked at it. I was right, it was literally a piece of waffle with parmesan cheese on top, being served on a silver plate no less.  I almost busted out laughing.  

My boyfriend and I had the veal chop with the truffle-infused mashed potatoes.  I do realize that this is a French restaurant and that portions are small; I accept and understand this fact.  There was however a point during our meal when the server came back to our table with a small skillet and asked if we wanted some more veal.  Of course we took him up on the offer since we both spent a good amount of time trying to find the veal on our plate beneath a small lump of baby carrots and a lone scallion.  So the server picks up his miniature tongs  and reveals a piece of meat that looked like a flesh colored piece of trident gum.  I am not making this up.  Not that I was not grateful to get more food, but I was more thinking to myself, "What was the point?"

The entire dinner bordered on comical, though it is not in the least terrible.  However, I would probably recommend eating at Picasso, which is comparable to most things at Guy Savoy (in my opinion) at a fraction of the price.  Or save your money and splurge on Robuchon.  But if you want a good honest laugh, I would recommend Guy Savoy.
