P6O50VeFlBIJpP0QPYsXbQ We (part of 7) dined at Guy  Savoy on June 4th, 2016.

Fine dining has not been my thing as most of the times I'd walk out of the restaurant at the end of the night thinking after spending all that money, the overall experience was just "meh, the food is decent, service isn't bad, but not something I'd crave for or think it's worth every dime I spent for".  Guy Savoy definitely broke that routine and impressed me far beyond.

Given it's a 2 Michelin Star restaurant, I'm not going to praise about the excellence of food, I'd like to share my actual dining experience with the group of people whom served us that night.

Must say, the overall dining experience started not so great.  When we arrived at the restaurant around 6:20 for our 6:30 reservation, we were politely welcomed by the lady up front. While she's smiling and nice, impression we got from her was "cold" - it was a very robotic smile and welcome. After we were seated (we were one of the first few tables to arrive), we quickly got water and another nice/polite yet cold/robotic welcome from the person who recommends champagne for tasting.  After glancing at the menu, instead of getting the pre fixe menu, we decided to (pretty  much) order one of everything from the regular menu figuring the cost will almost be the same and yet we will be able to try a variety of things. Appetizers and small tasting items were quickly served after we ordered.  The service was still perfect yet "cold", the group of us were also getting a little uncomfortable at how uptight the atmosphere is so we decided to change our own attitude a little. We chatted a tiny bit louder (we were literally whispering to each other since it was so quiet in the restaurant), cracked jokes among ourselves and got overly excited when the huge bread selections showed up.  This was when something unexpected happened - it appeared the group of servers decided to "get the hint" / "adjusted to accommodate our style" by changing their approach with us a little - they became more personable, warmer and happier (i.e. cracking jokes, making fun of our random comments...etc). After dinner, we were also invited to meet the amazing group of chefs in the back, along with the executive chief himself. Everyone we met in the kitchen were very easygoing and personable.  

My point is that the team who worked there that night didn't have to do what they did for us - there was nothing wrong with how they initially served us and maybe that's how things should be at a super fine dining restaurant that everyone should be on their best behaviors and act "elegantly" - by adjusting their approach to how their diners find it comfortable is what I call nailing the dining service down to the T.  They really made our dining experience from another "meh" to "it was amazing!"  

We will definitely look to go back again in the near future.
