P6O50VeFlBIJpP0QPYsXbQ Let me set some disclaimers before I get lampooned for my comments.  I enjoy hole in the walls over fine dining any day, but at the same time, I can be won over by fantastic flavors and textures nonetheless.  So, if you're not of the same mindset as me, prolly skip this review all together.

Guy Savoy has been on my radar for the last years for it's glowing reviews, so being that it was our first time here, we went for the motherlode, the 10-course Menu Prestige.  From our experience with previous tasting menus, we knew that we were in for a marathon of eating, so readied our stomachs.  (I apologize in advance for my sub par illustrations of each elegant dish, but that's all my food vocabulary can do.  No fancy culinary terms here.)

Pre-meal bonus!
- Foie gras with a teeny tiny piece of toast - teeny tiny toast but with a big burst of fattyliciousness.  
- Waffle with melty Parmesan Reggiano Cheese - savory but light and fluffy
- Cream of..... - There were so many cream of somethings, I forgot what this was, but the surprise mini crabcake hiding underneath was fantastic!  Crabby seafood essence with just the right seasoning.

10-course Menu Prestige
1.  "Eggs All Truffle" - Creamy decadence. First of the theme of Black Truffle.  Thin slices of toast buttered with black truffle butter were paired so that we could dunk the tastiness into the yolky tastiness of the quail egg.
2.  Langoustines in "Cold Steam"  (Tuna Carpaccio) - This was more visually appealing than delicious.  The cold steam was very amazing, but I'm not sure I appreciated the full flavors of the dish.
3.  Crispy Sea Bass with Delicate Spices - call me a biased but this one did not impress me probably because it was more dry than delicate.
4.  "Colors of Caviar" - oh so rich!  It was only the 4th course in and I was already full!      
5.  Foie-Gras "en Papillotte" and Radish Bouillon - The 4" mound of fat they call Foie-gras picked my appetite back up.  Can never have too much of foie gras.  It was juicy and oozed with fat.  Beware, not for the weak of heart and those who fear fat.
6.  Artichoke and Black Truffle Soup - a puree of artichoke with thin shavings of black truffle and parmesan reggiano, paired with....
7.  Toasted Mushroom Brioche, and Black Truffle Butter - This was fantastic!  The brioche was flaky and buttery and when you add some black truffle butter on it, you can beat the texturegasmic experience.
8.  Roasted Poussin (Chicken), Black Truffle Potato Puree, Seasonal Vegetables Braised in Poussin Jus - The black truffle potoato puree was super creamy and of course, black truffle made it exponentially delicious.  Is it blasphemous of me to say that costco whole roasted chicken was juicier and more succulent?  gasp!
9.  Seasonal Vegetables Braised in Veal Jus - Of all the dishes, this was probably the most disappointing.  The vegetables were too salty and limp.
10. Fine Cheeses - Almost done!  The cheeses are very full of flavor and quite enjoyable.  It's too bad we were filled to the brim!
11.  Apple - Our pre-dessert palate cleanser of apple sorbet and another with apple "caviar" and foam.  Again, I'm not usually a fan of fruity desserts, so could not enjoy to the fullest.
12.  Chocolate Fondant, Crunchy Praline and Chicory Cream - There's always room for dessert, and for a dessert as fine as this, I was in chocolate heaven.  I love how the creamy chocolate fondant paired so well with the crunchy praline layer.

Conclusion:  I think our stomachs lost the battle of gluttony in the end, but in a good way.  Filled to the brim with quality ingredients and exceptional service.  (We definitely had a laugh at our own etiquette mistakes and one waiter's inability to disguise his disgust at us commoners for those mistakes)  Excellent fine dining.  Sure beat my Joel Robuchon experience!  Is it worth one visit?  Yes.  Is it worth going back?  Meh, I rather have my hole in the wall or go to the more "casual" French dining with Le Atelier de Joel Robuchon.
