pdxD8dFqMImWmeBMU42wmg This is a 3.5 star review. (the 0.5 extra star is because i really appreciate atmosphere which this place had). This place used to be in yorkville, though this is the first time eating with them. The place is beautiful - an impressive place to bring people to - it has a formal look with comfortable feel to it.. with a heavy background noise from chatter at peak dinnertime. Crowd mostly older canadians, dressed to impress. Servers are dressed professionally, tablecloths are white, decor/design is impressive for such a small and intimate space. You can see the whole restaurant from most seats. Menu is varied and interesting enough. Service was friendly and responsive. Kitchen was super slow (took long to receive entrees but food was hot). I got hangry between apps and entrees. Duck confit meat was dry, meat was left on the plate. Truffle mash tasted like a few drops of truffle oil (did not see any bits of truffle) were mixed into a too-large serving of mash and the flavour was sporadic and faint (incomparison to regular mash that I also tasted). Truffle honey was nice.. if you take the truffle bits and specifically place them on whatever youre eating, you taste a nice strong flavour. But overall these 2 truffle items were underwhelming.. the truffle taste and the super sweet honey taste wasn't my fav. The truffle aioli on the other hand tasted delish (came on the side with the steak tartare). Steak tartare was nice and oniony, really good flavour - came with some hard (too thick imo) pieces of bread and some chips and the aioli). The quail egg yolk was very free of any white. Fried chicken skin wasn't crispy enough.. when you touch it with your fork the skin kinda folds/breaks/slides off the meat. The chiliean bass was very salty though the skin was beautifully crisp and texture of the meat done just right. The greens for our entrees were not creative in flavouring nor variety. Reminded me of classic asian veges because they were all done with garlic and so that the texture was soft. Lattes are yummy with much froth and a nice tall glass. There was the biggest inorganic strawberry on our cheese plate. Cheese selection was a total of 4 varieties. Dining experience was fine, but would not return nor recommend particularly.
