pKiSzUlBBRNEdTML24piXA 12/30/10 
My mom was in town and as my birthday drew near she asked where I would like to go to dinner. I had 2 area restaurants I had not tried on my list and Centurion was one of them. 
We bundled up and walked over. The cold weather was not conducive to patio dining, even with heaters, so we choose to eat in. They had a 9 top in the corner and an incoming reservation of 4 so we sat at the counter. I usually enjoy this anyway because I love watching the chef(s) do their thing. Of course in here it is so small it doesn't matter where you sit, you have a front row seat to the action. The chef was working sans sous chef and was hustling as were his waitress and dish washer. 
As we were getting settled in and reviewing the menu, which changes seasonally (as do the wines), the 9-top was receiving their appetizers, stuffed mushrooms wrapped in prosciutto served with a taragon cheddar sauce.  Mmmm.....we had been looking at the Mushroom, goat cheese and spinach strudle, but this helped us decide.  
As soon as I saw lamb on the menu my decision was made for me.  My mom was torn between a few dishes but decided on the taglioilini with pulled duck.  The dishes were great!  The pesto risotto that filled the mushrooms was cooked to perfection with excellent texture.  The wood oven imparted a wonderful richness to the already rich dishes we ordered.  
I would have to agree with Dante's review about the pasta dish, a thicker noodle would have really made the dish stellar as the thin pasta was overwhelmed by the sauce.  It was also quite "oily" and was evident when we attempted to reheat the leftovers (removed several tablespoons after reheating).  Not a "diet" dish that's for sure.  

My lamb was tender and not over done, although I prefer it more on the medium rare side. The dijon herb crust and the chorizo in the risotto played off each other well.  The savory crispy yet fluffy herb and cheese waffles which accompanied the lamb were also a pleasant surprise.  Taking a piece of waffle and a bite of the risotto with the lamb was a wonderful rich taste treat. 
The chef made great wine recommendations to accompany our dishes. 
We were too full for desert...next time I guess....

So why 4 stars and not 5?  The ventalation was poor.  We left smelling of all the food being cooked there that night and even had to go home and change our clothes and freshen up  before we went out again.   Otherwise it was a wonderful evening and a great meal.
