pKiSzUlBBRNEdTML24piXA I am still reeling a little trying to figure out how lunch for two wound up costing $74 (before tip). Between us, we had baked brie, split a salad and our entrees were: mussels and  chorizo manchego risotto. Granted we DID have wine and dessert and dessert liqeur-a flight of it, so I GUESS I understand. Just a bit of a shocker.
However, everything was freshly made and delicious. 
The Blackberry Spinach salad was AWESOME and while I'm not a huge fan of feta cheese, it PERFECTLY balanced the sweetness of the blackberry vinaigrette dressing so well done on that!
I'm not a huge fan of brie either and while I didn't go nuts over the baked brie with raspberry sauce, again the perfect balance of sweet and savoury in a light pastry was a pleasant surprise.
The mussels were good size and the portion was generous. I enjoyed my risotto thoroughly. I was expecting the chorizo to be a traditional Spanish sausage and not the kind you scramble in with eggs to help cure a hangover. While I was not hungover the latter form of chorizo was a pleasant surprise and of high quality which made this dish thoroughly enjoyable.
We followed this off by an enjoyable cream cheese strawberry pastry with chocolate chile sauce. Again, light and enjoyable. Their wine offerings are VERY unique and your server will be very helpful in determining the right pairing for you.
The place is VERY tiny and outdoor dining should be taken advantage of in good weather. It reminds me of one of those tiny little cafes in Manhattan that can barely hold ten people. The inside however is cozy and inviting.
In re-reading this review, my initial comment about the price doesn't in any way reflect poor value. Quite the opposite in that fresh, quality ingredients are used and a lot of thought has gone into creating the dishes on the menu. The results are some unique dishes that reflect a deep understanding of food and how to combine the right ingredients to yield a complex, sophisticated creation worthy of a discerning palate. I guess I'm just not used to paying that much for lunch........I guess I'll just have to come back for dinner because in the end, it really is worth the cost.
