pKiSzUlBBRNEdTML24piXA We purchased a groupon for the seven (7) course tasting dinner.  We frequent downtown and like to try different restaurants.  We were excited about the  restaurant and this tasting menu as we have done them at a few restaurants including Christopher's,  which is excellent! What we were served could not even qualify for an 'appetizer tasting' !!  The salad was small, room temperature and sweet with really nothing else on it! The second course was one piece of asparagus cut into three pieces and wrapped with prosciutto,  I told my husband to be patient as the third course was an entrée' course.  It was the SMALLEST THINNEST, (3) 1 x 2 pieces of tuna I have EVER seen!!!!  We said something to the waiter, not really wanting to complain?, and he said the owner was going to stop by our table but he NEVER did!! In fact he went out of his way to  ignore us.  The fourth dish was 2 1" x 1" pieces of pork and mine was half fat. It came with potatoes that were stacked and hard and little to no cream as they were supposed to be some sort of scalloped potatoes. The fifth course was two 1/4 oz pieces of cheese and a 1" x 3" piece of focaccia.  The sixth course was a 3/4 inch round truffle and the sixth course was actually a small puff pastry with 'chocolate soup'. We had the wine course which was just O.K..  even though our Red wine came in a white wine glass which we then asked for a red wine glass and the comment was 'That's what the owner wants! Our bill was $195.00 which was a SHOCK and a FLAT OUT RIPPOFF!!!!  The waiter commented about our '$100.00 coupon' so the bill came to $95.00 which is what we owed because the wine tasting, tax and 20% tip onto the original amount (which would be normal but not for what our ONE HOUR tasting DINNER took!!  I do not understand that when an owner and entrepreneur has the opportunity to showcase his establishment to new customers that he takes that opportunity to rip off the customer instead!! ...this is what we received ss our 'dinner'.  We left hungry, VERY DISAPPOINTING to say the least and we just feel RIPPED OFF on top of it!!  If he doesn't want to offer specials....he should just not offer them instead of ripping off the public!!!  I honestly have never written a review like this before and have a few choice words regarding the owner and establishment which I cannot say but wish I could.  It is such a disgrace to his profession and I used to be in that profession!!!  He should be ashamed but I have a feeling he really doesn't care as it is such a small restaurant that he obviously knows what goes on every second he is there!!!  Shame on you!!!
