pmoIMK8zGWvKsVOPDBYfzg My friends and I went to try this restaurant because I read from a website that it is the best French Restaurant in the city of Las Vegas! After hearing that it's the best French food that you can find, my friends couldn't wait to try this restaurant. 

Upon entering the restaurant, I felt that the place was small but they had an upper level which was really pretty. The atmosphere and ambience is really how you would like it to be if you wish for a nice quiet and intimate dinner with your friends, family, relatives or loved ones.

We took a long time to decide what dishes we would like to order as they had so many good choices and we just simply couldn't decide on one. In the end, we ultimately decided to try different dishes so that we would know which one we shouldn't order if we were to come back, and I hope we do! However, there was no such thing as "which one we shouldn't order" because everything was great.

Since it's a French restaurant, they served us a complimentary starter for us to cleanse our mouth (I suppose) before starting to eat our breads, that came with 3 different kind of butter -- Black Olive, Normal butter and Tomato Butter and also before our appetizers came. 

For starters, we had:
1) Escargots de Bourgogne -- I had a bad experience with Escargot once and was reluctant to try this for the second time in my life. However, I'm glad I did try it because this was really good. It had a great texture and it was full of flavors from the herbs that it was cooked with. 
2) Farm Raised Abalone Almondine with Celery Root Mousseline -- It was a new taste to my taste bud, I don't think I have ever tried something like this before. It was refreshing and I would definitely eat this again.
3) Spring Vegetable Risotto with Ricotta Salata and Saffron Butter, served with grated Black Truffle that they grate at your table. This was really good, even to me who dislike the taste of Black Truffle. I eventually took more of it despite the taste because I liked the texture and everything else on that bowl of Risotto. Yums.

The next complimentary serving was a Pear Sorbet, small light and wonderful.

Unveiling our food at our table, we had:
1) Muscovy Duck Breast with Red Rice, Bok Choy and Ramarind Sauce -- Thick cuts of the Duck Breasts, cooked to be a little pink, perfect texture and with vegetable on the side. What else could you possibly want other than this?
2) Veal Loin with Fava Beans, Angel Hair Pasta and Morel Mushroom Sauce - It was good, so good in fact. Pinkish thick-cut loins that you wish you had more of it on your plate. There are alcohol content in the mushroom sauce though, and it's pretty strong (or maybe it's my sensitive sense to alcohol). Not a very big fan of the Angel Hair Pasta but my friends loved it. 
3) Prime Angus Ribeye with Macaroni Gratin, Asparagus, Roquefort Cheese and Pinot Noir Sauce -- Tender meat that you place in your mouth, with the flavor from the sauce, you can't go wrong if you order this :)
4) Rack of Colorado Lamb with Curried Risotto & Goat Cheese, Ratatouille and Lamb Jus -- My friend loved this so much that she finished the whole plate even before I finished 3/4 of mine. Once you put a piece of Lamb in your mouth, it will burst with flavors. Which part of that sounds bad? None.

No meal is complete without desserts right?
Next up was Souffles -- Chocolate and Pistachio flavored.
Both was excellent. They pour the sauce at your table, after creating a hole right in the middle of the Souffles. The sides were a little crunchy while the middle part was soft, creamy and just awesome. Being a bigger fan of chocolate, there is no doubt that I chose that over pistachio. I just wished that there was a scoop of ice cream that could go along with it. 

At the end of our meal, we had a complimentary small-sized dessert and the plate was clean within minutes. 

There is no doubt that this restaurant is one of the best restaurant that I've ever been to. They showed their skills since everything was perfect. The price is on the higher end of the scale, so if you are not looking forward to see a big number on your check, I suggest that you shouldn't come to this place. However, you should indulge yourself if you are in Vegas to try at Andre's. You wouldn't regret your decision! :)
