pmoIMK8zGWvKsVOPDBYfzg I was blown away by the food and service I received at andres.  I went back home and recommended it to everyone!  Because it, like everything else in vegas, is located at the edge of the casino, they find a way to create a  nice, quiet, and romantic atmosphere.  The bar is located behind the hosts stand only a few feet.away from the casino.  The host/hostess will, take you past the bar, and down a short hallway where he/she will open these two huge doors and take u into the main dining area.  When the doors close all the outside nose becomes muted, and you hear the nice contemporary music.  

It is small, but cozy.  The maitre d welcomed us and explained the menu to us.  While gee did that, the waiters moved quickly and quietly to place our napkins, pour the water, and remove the design plates.  They worked so fast and quietly, I barely noticed them working and was able to focus on the menu.  

We start off with the amuse bouche of cold creamy carrot soup with ginger whipped cream.  I want feeling well at first, so I didn't war much of it (even though it was small), but for the little I did eat, it was phenomenal!  The ginger infused whooped cream was soothing and went well and very smoothly with the pureed carrots.  

I then ordered the lobster and corn bisque for my starter.  When the waiter put the bowl in front if me, it had the silver plate cover on it.  When he removed it, I felt like the made a mistake.  In the bowl, I saw a pile if shredded meat, and three tiny pancake things around the shredded meat.  The waiter then pointed to the meat and said: " this is the lobster, and these (pointing to the pancakes) are corn pancakes."  He then brought a silver gravy boat to my attention in front and said " this is the bisque."  And he poured it in the bowl.  My first reaction to this dish must have been a classic expression because the people I went with started laughing at me.  This bisque was so good!  so creamy!. It had the perfect blend of lobster and corn!  So if anyone orders this, expect it to arrive a lot.differently than you think.  And I loved that table side service.  

We then had a palate cleanser.  It was a pinapple mint sorbet.  That was just a  mouthful of sorbet, but that mouthful did just what it was supposed to.  It was not tatty like normal pineapples, and the mint was not overwhelming like how mint can be.

Following that, or entrees came.  I wanted to order something more basic because some of the most basic items are the things the chefs have the hardest time doing, so I ordered the filet minon.  I have to say, Andres is the *first* place I have been to that can cook a piece of beef so perfectly!  I like my meat done medium and they had a nice searing on the outside, and the inside was a consistent pink finish on the inside.  Full of flavor!  The sauce it comes with had a nice cheesy, creamy.taste to it which matched well with the filet minon, but with meat done that well, who needs the sauce to cover up perfect seasoning?!

We didn't order dessert there, but they gave us complimentary  chocolates instead.  

The service was so amazing and its an experience everyone should go through.  The food was soo delicious!  I would advise allowing at least two hours to east there.  Like typical fine dining restaurants, you expect great food and service, they in turn expect you to have a memorable dining experience so nothing is to be expected in a rush.

PLEASE WEAR NICE CLOTHES.  its respectful of them and doesn't make you look like an idiot.
