pmoIMK8zGWvKsVOPDBYfzg Came here with my wife and a Travel Zoo voucher.  We were very pleased with the experience. 

Ambiance: 
The place is small.  Probably 10 tables and very nicely decorated.  The doors to the place are also nicely sound proofed so you get an intimate experience even though your in a casino.  

Service: 
Excellent.  Very friendly from the start.  Not over bearing but on top of drinks and just the right amount of time between courses to allow for a relaxed dining experience without making you feel like they forgot you.  

Food: 
Really good.  Really Really Good.  
With the Travel Zoo voucher it was $99 for 3 courses and a champagne drink for 2 people.  You don't get the full menu but rather what seems to be a designed travel zoo voucher, but the selection was still fantastic.  
For appetizers, I had French Onion Soup...awesome.  My wife had lobster bisque, which was good...probably not as good as the French Onion but still very good.  
Entress.  I had the Sea Bass which was awesome.  My wife had the risotto which was also awesome.  Between the two, I don't know which was better.  I would gladly eat both. 
Dessert. I had some sort of camelized banana and ice cream dessert which was good, not my favorite dessert, but i'm not a dessert guy.  My wife had the chocolate suflee (sp?) which was good and very rich.  

In addition to the entrees we received an small appetizer from the chef that included a vegetable croquet and something else (can't remember).  Both of these were awesome.  We also received a small plate of different chocolates that were awesome.

Drinks: 
We received 2 free champagne drinks with the Travel Zoo voucher which were fun.  Basically, champagne with some grenadine and a cherry. 
We then switched to a cucumber - gin cocktail, which was really really good.  I would love to have the recipe for this.  These were really good...the only downside is they seemed a little pricey, but the place is upscale so the prices were on par for cocktails at a 4-5 star restaurant. 

Overall, the place was great and I'd come back in a second...especially with the Travel Zoo voucher.  WIth the voucher it definitely gives you a top notch Vegas dining experience at a reasonable price.
