pmoIMK8zGWvKsVOPDBYfzg Andre's was my first stop for Restaurant Week, and I don't think I could have asked for a better meal.  I'll say it was probably my favorite meal so far this year, though Sushisamba's omakase is a close second.  For $50.12, I was treated to a four course meal when a lot of other RW menus were only 3 courses.  Seemed like good value, and I've never tried Andre's before.

While waiting for my table, I ended up chatting briefly with their bartender.  She's from Croatia, which I am a huge fan of.  This girl is so hot she's worth going to the restaurant for alone!

Before the first course came out, I was given an unexpected amuse-bouche.  I wish I could remember what the waiter called it, but it was tasty.  There's pictures above of this item, as well as the rest of my meal.

The first course was "Roasted Corn Soup With Warm Crab Salad, Garlic Chips And Chive Oil."  I'm not a big soup fan, but this was fantasic.  Amazing flavor, and a generous portion.

The second course was "Butter Lettuce Salad With Crispy Duck Confit, Toasted Almonds And Cherry Vinaigrette."  Another delicious item I wasn't expecting to enjoy that much.  The duck was very tasting, I just wish there was a little more dressing on the plate.

I was then given a palette cleanser, a little bit of gelato.  I've never seen that before a main course, but who am I to argue.

I actually never ordered my main course.  There were three choices, and I skipped the chicken and narrowed it down to "Grilled Rib Eye Cap With Anna Potato, Broccolini And Horseradish Beef Jus" or "Seared Scottish Salmon With Spinach Gnocchi, Heirloom Tomato And Truffle Beurre Blanc."  I had just had steak the night before, or I would have ordered the first choice.  Instead, I told the waiter to pick.

He brought a steak knife, so I figured that was that.  I actually thought (since I'm a poker player) that it would be awesome if he was trying to trick me and brought me the salmon.  But what waiter would think of that?  RICARDO DID!  The salmon arrived, and I was both disappointed and delighted.  In the end, it was really a delicious main course and I'm not unhappy at all.  Perfectly cooked salmon, and the gnocchi were fantastic.

For dessert (I could barely eat anymore!) they brought "Cocoa-Nut Marquise With A Banana-Lime Sabayon."  I know like 2 of these words, but my taste buds liked all of them.

The entire meal was first class, with the manager coming over to chat with me at one point.  The dining room is small and has a great vibe.  I have 0 complaints about this place and can't wait for the next Restaurant Week to eat here again.
