pmoIMK8zGWvKsVOPDBYfzg A really hidden gem, all the way at one end of the Monte Carlo Hotel, past all the slots and other casual restaurants. 

Got the Chef's tasting menu, which can be 5 or 7 course. Only the 7 course has foie gras as a choice, so got that. A wine pairing is available but really, one cocktail should suffice. The 7 course meal is really more like ten course all together, including amuse bouche and PRE-DESSERT! 

Highlight of the night: Chef Andre Rochat stopped at our table. I do get so excited when the chefs come out and check things out.

Most interesting cocktail is the Martini made with Foie - comes to table with an accompaniment of candied almonds, seared peaches, sugared mixed berries and a lemon sorbet. Very interesting and something you've gotta have at least once in your life.

http://andrelv.com/spring-tasting-menu-2013/

you can pick all meat, or mix it up with the vegetarian choices.

Amuse bouche: braised beef croquette (one bite of crispy outside, creamy potato) plus a small bite of Jamon wrapped crisp breadstick. A promise of better things to come.

Beef carpaccio - tender delicate slices with a cirtusy aioli, peppery arugula, shaved Parmesan.

The following hot dishes were all served with a flourish of revealing the meal under a cloche. The staff would each open one cloche simultaneously with a "Voila!". 

Seared Foie gras - tender, beautifully seared, delicate flavor.

Seared jumbo scallop served on celery puree and saffron sauce -  perfect sear and mild flavor without being overpowered by the puree or sauce.. 

CRISPY PORK BELLY - pickled cherry sauce, cornbread purée
Tofu option was just as beautiful and good. 

PAN SEARED DUCK BREAST & DUCK SAUSAGE - spiced mango and duck jus, rissole of potatoes and artichoke - perfectly tender and cooked med-rare.
Risotto was too al dente for me and too bland for my taste. Served really hot off the pan - steaming.

Cheese course : TÊTE DE MOINE - rhubarb purée, candied almonds - comes to table in the form of a carnation ( shaved from the main round wheel, according to the waiter Ricardo)

SAINT ANDRÉ - triple cream, soft, rich, perfectaly paired with caramelized orange, toasted pistachios

PRE- DESSERT of a semi-fredo orange pannacotta. At this point I was VERY full and VERY happy with my meal and it was not yet over!

WARM CHOCOLATE FLOURLESS FONDANT vanilla bean ice cream and cocoa crisp (sort of de riguer these days, but also very good)

GRAND MARNIER SOUFFLÉ, puffy, tall, and vanilla anglaise poured at tableside. I ate the whole thing.
