pmoIMK8zGWvKsVOPDBYfzg I would say this was more of a 3.75 experience, but we must round up to 4 stars. 

My friend and I dined at Andre's at 5:30 PM with a TravelZoo coupon for $99 which gets two people two pre-fixe three course meals with two cocktails. Yes, that is an amazing deal, so basically $50 per person (with gratuity included). Andre's gets two-thumbs up for the deal in the first place, and even more thumbs up for quickly providing the pre-fixe menu selections to us and delivering our complimentary cocktails amazingly quick as soon as we sat down.

Andre's is a fascinating dining experience, with a quiet, dark, yet very refined dining room. The servers are quick to please and you can tell they enjoy the food, explaining it, presenting it, and even, in a flourish, taking it off your table when you are done. I absolutely adore the gold dome covers for some of the dishes that come out. I also truly admire their plating and the colors of the plates/style which reminded my friend and I of Tiffany's.  

Appetizer - Foie Gras with fig/apple reduction. A medley of savory and sweet, cooked perfectly, with a slight, crisp exterior, and a melt-in-your-mouth, buttery interior. Presentation could use some refinement, but overall pleased with the dish. (BTW - this was not on the Pre-Fixe Menu)

Pre-Fixe Starter: French Onion Soup - Ee gads, the soup was inedible. I tried to eat some, but could not. The top was charred too much. It must have sat under the broiler to melt the cheese for too long. One of my croutons simply looked like a black coal, I kid you not. 

Entree - Rib eye, with potato cake and broccolini. I have never been a fan of broccolini. I would much rather have plain old broccoli, mostly because it's just easier to eat. However, it was well cooked and had a bite to it, so at least it was not flaccid and inedible. The potato cake tasted like hash browns, but in a square cake form. The rib eye was tender, ordered medium, and honestly very good. Although I recently had a more expensive rib eye that has kind of ruined a lot of meat for my in general. None the less this one was the best part of my entree.

Dessert - Creme brulee with seasonal fruit. Presentation was perfect, but the bowl was too shallow! Ahem, I mean, I can always use more creme brulee! Although the portion was small, it was still a creamy creme brulee, with only the slightest crackle to the top, which I prefer over a harder char on my dessert.

Overall Andre's is kind of a diamond in the rough of Monte Carlo. It should definitely be on any fine-dining "must do" list though. I would certainly return, especially since they appear to feature seasonal tasting menus and happy hours.
