pmrHuQiy25xKB86tbOLBlA Sante is a gem and has been on our regular rotation now for years. The food is incredibly fresh, consistently delicious and mostly locally sourced. I love seeing the chef at the Matthews farmers market every Saturday morning, then seeing the seasonal fare he chose on the plate that evening. Just as wonderful as the food are the people who take care of us. From the attentive servers, to the owners, to those who prepare our food, fill our water and clear our plates - the service is warm, friendly and caring. The atmosphere in Sante's historic downtown Matthews is quaint, cozy and romantic. Walking in basically feels like a great big hug and a respite from the hectic workweek. 

We had dinner on Saturday, July 22 during Restaurant Week. As usual the food and service was stellar! The produce in our starter salad and gazpacho was fresh and delicious, and I particularly loved the peach sauce with my pork tenderloin dish. And the creme brulee was creamy, crunchy perfection. Our server, Noelle, was impeccable. She was always close by to fill our wine glasses with a perfect pour (I hate when servers overfill wine glasses - completely shuts down the nose!) And somehow - despite it being nearly 100 degrees outside, despite being in a nearly 100-year-old building, and despite being packed with diners - the temperature inside was quite comfortable.

My only complaint - which is certainly not the restaurant's fault and I commend the staff for their handling of the situation - is of a boorish diner. He insisted that he had requested the table where we were sitting. When we learned this we graciously offered to switch tables with him but he refused (and at no point thanked us for offering to disrupt our meal by moving). On his way out he made a point to slam the front door as hard as he could, startling the other diners. He's quite lucky he didn't break anything. The staff handled the situation with their usual grace and hospitality. We left some extra cash for that server (even though she wasn't ours) because, unsurprisingly, she got stiffed on the tip. Since this is akin to stealing and since we know servers rely on tips, we were glad to subsidize this guy's dining experience to ensure she got SOMETHING for dealing with his negativity. Restaurant Week seems to bring out the worst in some people, and I am so grateful for the restaurant professionals who work hard to bring us a beautiful meal!
