PUWPFKvwLNwPmJOgJkDUMQ TLDR: Phenomenal culinary experience of well thought out plates, kind service, and beautiful decor. 

I made the reservation for two for Saturday on Thursday, and they were still kind enough to take the time and confirm the reservation. In addition, they wanted to warn us that the restaurant would be noisier than normal as they had a group party. This extra step was something I truly appreciated.

Chambre a Part is the sister restaurant of Fabrique next door, but their meals are much lighter, smaller, and delicate so that you can easily enjoy a three-course menu. 

Stephanie explained the menu to us with enthusiasm and brought us some home-made buckwheat flour bread. It was fluffy, sour, salty, goodness. When she asked if we wanted more I couldn't bring myself to say no.

Our appetisers arrived and two stunning plates came sat in front of us. My friend got a vibrant hamachi plate, and I ordered the soup. My bowl came with chestnuts, slices of pear, and a chestnut pear confit. The parsnip soup was poured on top at the table. Every bite was a surprise pop of flavour and texture after mixing.

The mains arrived, and they were displayed beautifully. My friend got the monkfish in a miso broth that looked delightful. What I ordered surpassed my expectations. My plate had a tender short rib that was beautifully pink inside and was easily cut with a fork. It was topped and sitting on a wonderful tagine spice au jus and crowned with golden brown chopped almonds. sitting next to it were adorable sauteed baby mushrooms. The left side of the plate consisted of the fluffiest pan fried gnocchi I have ever had and crispy shallot slices. It was topped with both French and Italian parsley for freshness. I had a hard time deciding what the last thing I would eat would be.

Everything was so delicious, we had to try the desserts. 
The chocolate dessert came in the shape of a patterned crescent. The white chai mouse drop was followed by a grey smoked tea gel which was followed by a quenelle of chocolate mousse topped with a shard of white chocolate. The pattern repeated three times on the right side of the place and sat alongside chocolate gingerbread crumbs.
The lemon dish consisted of a small, dense, syrupy, buttery, slightly bitter lemon cake. The drops of lemon mousse and candied almonds were the stars of the dish and were surrounded by peeled grapefruits and a mirliton compote. I would have been happy if with just the fruit, mouse, and almonds.

The service was fantastic, with appropriate timing between each course so that we could fully enjoy the experience. The decor of the restaurant is stunning, and at the end of our meal, Stephanie was kind enough to give us the complete tour and history of the renovation of the restaurant. We arrived at 8:30 pm and left the restaurant at 12 and never once felt like we were being rushed out.

Next time I will definitely try one of their drinks, specifically their non-alcoholic creations. Stephanie explained to us that they start with the mocktail first, and then they choose which alcohol best suits the virgin drink. They had an interesting selection including drinks made of tangy pineapple and peppery arugula.

With tax, the meal came out to ~$46, which is quite fair for the wonderful experience we had that night. I highly recommend this restaurant for outings with friends and especially dates for foodies. They really care about the presentation and the balance of flavours and textures of every single dish. I am already looking forward to my next visit.
