q0n4I-zqiI47xispOqc1lA In sum, I do not recommend eating here. In fact, I feel I am being overly generous giving it 2 stars. I felt, since my picky brother enjoyed his strange meal that I should at least give it 2 stars. If we are to base it solely on my dish and that of my friends- a one star would more than suffice. That being said, I have to wonder if I should have eaten something other than crepes. I see my fellow trusted yelpers enjoyed their meals- but none of them eat the crepes!

Even if I never had a crepe before, let alone the AMAZING light as a cloud crepes from Paris 66 I would still know the crepes served here are largely inedible. But I am getting ahead of myself.

The place was largely empty when we arrived on a late weekend morning. Only about 3 other tables besides our party of 4. Yet we waited for over an hour for 2 orders of crepes, french toast, and a sandwich. Really? 

Our waitress was not much for conversation. My friend, who is notoriously more picky than my brother requested whipped cream instead of something else in her crepe. At first, the waitress tried to convince her not to change the menu as it would annoy the cooks. After a few minutes of talking she finally accepted my friends request. She wanted to add whipped cream not lobster I don't see what the fuss was about to begin with- bygones.

I ordered a fruit crepe. Which the exception of the cooking outcome resembling a burnt-ish flaming campfire marshmallow, folded up like an egg roll, the taste was boring, burnt, and listless. I eat two bites and put down my napkin. I had no idea one could defile a crepe in such a way until that day. 

My friend that requested the whipped cream. If I thought my crepe saw a rough afternoon her looked like it was literally dropped on the floor a few times then thrown on the plate. Guess they showed her for ordering that whipped cream? I can see now why the waitress warned us not to change the menu. May I suggest that their employees partake in some local anger management meetings?

My brother ordered the savory french toast. Italian made with ham, capicola, salami, pepperoni, and marinara Sauce. He loved it. Then again he also loves McD's and Taco Bell. I did not try his meal, I took his word for it.

My husband ordered a sandwich The Club- he said it was good. Not bad, not great but good. 

Lastly, I was not a fan of their coffee either. I could not wait to leave. I only live a few blocks away and needed to go home to make something to eat.

On a positive note, I loved the Einstein artwork. It was the one positive thing I can recall of our visit.
