Q8n1HaDyBKYUazQ108O5OA I went for lunch here after they sent me an email with what seemed like an amazing lunchtime deal. And as much as it kills me to quote my mother, if something seems to good to be true then it usually is. That was definitely the case here. Don't get me wrong, it was nice. But 'nice' also applies to your friend's boring girlfriend, or the jumper your gran gives you at christmas and is desperate to hear your opinion of. 

First off, I think it's really cheeky when restaurants charge you for a basket of bread. Especially when there's only one slice each, it's not even that fresh and it costs £3.50. For that price i could have bought myself a glass of wine, and i know which one of the two i'd have preferred!

We were ordering from the 'Du Vin Or Not Du Vin' menu, which gave us the choice of 2 courses for £10 a head, or 2 courses with wine for £15 a head. At first glance, it all sounded very tasty and exciting... but it was effectively just a list of your bang-average pub dishes described over 4 or 5 lines, with at least half of those words being in various foreign languages.

My boyfriend had steak and chips (which, incidentally, wasn't cooked the way he'd asked for it) and I had mussels and chips in a really bland cream sauce with some green bits in it, although if they were herbs I couldn't taste them... now you understand why they have to dress it up so much on the menu! In the ten days since we ate there, I've completely forgotten what we even had as a starter - read into that what you will.

Long story short, I ended up paying almost £50 for a meal that they make you think will cost £30. More annoyingly, it was a meal that I could have got in pretty much any of the half dozen pubs within 20 metres of here, for a fraction of that price and with much better atmosphere. I don't mind paying a lot when it's actually worth it, but I just got the feeling here that they were trying to get money out of you at every available opportunity, with all their sly little extras.
