qauawyA4HmtCIvRG9gk-BA UPDATE ON FOOD POISONING RESOLUTION:

I  feel bad for this place for being owned and managed by people who lack compassion and the simple principles of customer service. Management needs a HUGE makeover. From the owner to manager they do not belong in this industry because they simply don't know the first thing about dealing with customers when things don't go their way. 

The owner called me about 2 weeks after the incident and from the get go I could tell he had no intention of resolving a thing. Instead he began by telling me how annoyed and bothered he was that my food poisoning incident happened during his vacation. Wow. Well, guess he didn't know that I was also on vacation when I got food poisoning from an oyster I ate at his restaurant (documented by the hospital btw). It was also on New Year's Eve, having to take an ambulance that cost us $900, and spending 6+hours in the ER. I'm sorry for the inconvenience- should I have waited until you were done vacationing to let you know about this?

If you don't want to bothered by real issues that happen when you own a restaurant (or any business for that matter) then you shouldn't own a business. Deal with it. And if you don't want to or don't know how to deal with issues like this, then put someone who can. Bad things happen and whether you're on vacation or not, you must handle it in a timely manner and in an appropriate way. Not by calling and yelling at the customer for writing reviews of her experience at your restaurant on TripAdvisor, Yelp, Twitter while you were on vacation...

My previous review of this place still stands, with zero attempt at a resolution. I guess even an apology or a bit of compassion was too much to ask for after your food put me in the hospital while I was on vacation. And it has me thinking that your restaurant must be doing quite horribly that by comping us a couple of drinks or refunding us $300 for a dinner we were unable to enjoy because we got food poisoning from your food, would've broke your bank account. Sad that this place is run by these people because it's a nice place but the service my husband and I received left the worst taste in our mouths. Best of luck...
