qauawyA4HmtCIvRG9gk-BA Let me first start by saying that I view TasteMTL/MTLaTable as a great opportunity for new and existing restaurants to wow us with their culinary prowess.  That being said, mediocre just doesn't cut it for me. 

Location: On McGill in the Old Port, a few minutes walk from Square Victoria. Easily accessible. 

Vibe: Personally, I loved B&B's space, With its high ceilings and elegant decor, the space felt open and not at all confined. The purple lighting accents totally worked. 

Service: Just OK. I felt that the wait staff could have been more attentive, particularly since the restaurant only had a few patrons. I didn't like where our table was located - right in front of the kitchen entrance. There were constant comings and goings that I found annoying as all hell. That, and they easily could have given us another table - the restaurant was emoty when we arrived and empty when we left SO..... 

Food: I specifically went for Taste MTL, so stuck with that particular menu (see my pic for full menu details). What I had: 

Squash soup with smoked trout: This was a total miss for me. While I liked the texture and consistency of the soup (super creamy), it tasted like, well, nothing. I did not taste the squash, which is essentially what I was looking forward to, and I could smell the smoked trout way more than I could taste it. Served lukewarm on a very cold evening. Um, what?  I also tried the mussels - ugh! To me, it tasted like the bottom of the ocean. Fishy and just, ugh!

Chicken with parsnips and mashed potatoes: The chicken had a nice flavor, but it was a little on the dry side. There was definitely not enough broth on this dish. The parsnips were tasty but a little undercooked for my taste. The mashed potatoes? Well, for me they were the best part of the meal. Loved them. The minimal broth or sauce in the dish had a nice flavor - too bad there wasn't more of it.  My friend ordered the salmon and the first thing I thought when I saw that dish was 'It's so brown.' Yep.

Lemon tart: I had high hopes for dessert but this didn't really work for me. This was more of a lemon mousse than anything else. It was extremely tart yet very sweet at the same time. The graham crust while thin, had a very pronounced flavor that really just didn't work with the lemon, in my opinion. 

Overall, this place was a miss for me. It just felt like they didn't go to any trouble to develop a menu for the week. My table concluded that these dishes represented a total lack of effort on Bar & Boeuf's part. A very underwhelming experience.
