QeFsIMcIFIJcOrpthYL8jg It took quite a bit of work to find a restaurant that could satisfy all three of us traveling to Montreal for a weekend night stay.  If you are really into foie gras, then Montreal restaurants are waiting for you... 

However, we weren't looking for foie gras, but a menu with a wide selection of pastas, meats, and seafood from a restaurant with good reviews.  Modavie, it turns out, was all that and more. 

We were able to make a reservation for 8:30 p.m. even though we didn't call until 2:30 that afternoon.  Even without the reservation, I think the wait would have been minimal.  Tables were turned over fast, but at no point did we ever feel rushed.

Upon arrival, we were sat at an amazing table in the corner of the second floor, overlooking Rue St.-Paul and all of Old Montreal.  We had jazz on one side of us, the beauty of Vieux Port on the other, and a lively but not overly loud atmosphere all around.  

Our waiter was personable and friendly, with a thick French-Canadian accent.  He was helpful and attentive throughout the service, even going so far as to tell me NOT to get the Osso Bucco because he thinks it is too tough and can't recommend it.   I ended up getting lamb, a house specialty, but more on that later. 

We began with cocktails paired appetizers of French Onion Soup Gratinee and fried calamari.  Both were very solid starts to the meal, with the soup being very beefy tasting with satisfying layers of cheese and toasted bread.  The calamari were fried to a dark golden brown, but stayed tender and were served with a spicy marinara and coconut milk-lime sauce.  Though both were good, they ended up being "only" average compared to the rest of the meal. 

Among the three of us, we were able to try three different proteins prepared in three very different ways.  Tagliatelle with chicken and pancetta in a truffle oil sauce was as savory, rich and umami-filled as it sounds.   The "AAA+ Angus hangar steak with a cabernet sauvignon wine butter sauce" was nearly as equally decadent, with the wine and butter sharing equal billing on the sauce complimenting a perfectly grilled and sliced hanger steak.  

The highlight for me was my own meal, as I went with the specialty of the house, lamb.  After sorting through the five selections, I went with the rack of lamb with goat cheese, Dijon mustard and sesame seeds.  The waiter informed me that it was the best one on the menu, and he wasn't kidding - it was the best lamb I've ever had anywhere.   The meat was perfectly cooked and the flavors blended wonderfully.  The small round of toasted goat cheese served over fresh vegetables paired with it perfectly. 

We partnered the meal with a Mission Hill 2007 Cab-Merlot blend  which was pleasantly spicy.  The fantastic meal ended on a high note, as we were able to watch the fireworks competition display right from our table as we enjoyed apertifs and three lovely desserts: creme brulee, tiramisu, and chocolate fondant (warm chocolate cake).  

From the service to the location, to the food, this is a meal that we will be talking about for a long time, recalling very fond memories.
