QeFsIMcIFIJcOrpthYL8jg I cannot believe how, after passing in front of this place for so many years, I only got to try it this week. One would expect a meal at Vieux-Port to be very pricey, but believe me, the whole dining experience here will worth every penny.

Reservations can be made online, which was definitely convenient. Upon entering the restaurant, we were immediately greeted and seated. The ambience in the evening was incredible: live jazz available at late night, retro style decor of the 80's, dim lighting and of course, the inevitable cliché of a romantic dinner---candlelight.

We went during Happening Gourmand 2014, and thus I cannot comment on the regular pricing of the dishes, since we had the special three-course menu. What I can say is that the food and the service were perfect.

The service was extremely caring, fast, and efficient. The waiter was very courteous throughout the night, and came regularly to ask if the food was cooked to our likings and to fill my glass. There was only two waiters in the whole establishment, but the service was always up to standard.

The Fried Calamari was very scrumptious, the batter were impeccably seasoned and fried to perfection. The calamari was very fresh, with a crispy and yet not very greasy outer shell. The homemade mayo sauce made it even better. Comparing to the seafood, the other appetizer kind of shy away from the spotlight. The Duck Rillettes was well prepared, quite exquisite, but nothing too spectacular.

The Lamb Chops with Oregano was absolutely fantastic, it was flawlessly seasoned and cooked to a beautiful, splendid medium-rare. The oregano wisely masked the lamb's gamey taste, while complementing other elements of the dish. The Trout Amandine was somewhat average, the fish was beautifully cooked but lacked seasoning. In my opinion, the risotto that came with the trout was actually better than the fish itself, as it was very flavourful with a beautiful texture.

The Tiramisu was succulent, divine, heavenly, perhaps godlike. It was not too sweet,  and the texture was smooth and silky, a plate of pleasure to eat.

I shall comeback soon, hungry for more.
