QEgfK_TKY8bwK-YzKDdkGw Short version: LOUD--couldn't hear my waiter or fiance! Some dishes really tasty, others need a little work. A++ service.

Long version:

We went on Tuesday night for what we thought would be a romantic and intimate dinner. We walked in and were assaulted by noise. Honestly, I thought I was at a sports bar on Superbowl Sunday. It didn't help that there was a group of 5 boisterous women who seemed to dominate the smallish space.

Anyways, Todd (our waiter) was the man!! He was extremely attentive and courteous without being overbearing. He knew what we needed before we asked for it. Definitely the superstar of the night.

Now the food. Oh the food. I wanted to like it so badly. When I go to restaurants where we are going to dish out $200+ for dinner, I expect to leave feeling euphoric. The amuse-bouche was some sort of corn chowder and gougere (delicious cheesy bread). Really good! Then we got oysters (Blue Point and Kumamoto). Oysters were fresh and served with "French cocktail sauce" which I didn't care for since it seemed creamy (possibly mayo based?) and that just doesn't pair with raw in my brain. We also had some escargot which were apparently made with Pernod. I wish I had seen that because I am not fond of anise but they were served in a puff pastry which was pretty neat.

One of my favorite parts of the meal was the date salad. The dates were wrapped in warm serrano ham and the vinaigrette was light and really complimented all the other components of the salad. Main course: I had the duck breast with some sort of orange puree (Todd said it was a orange/corn puree). It was SO BITTER. I thought I was having antibiotics on my duck, which incidentally was more game-y than I prefer. My boo had the bouillabaisse special and he seemed to enjoy it. Overall, a general sense of meh-ness with our main courses instead of euphoria.

I am willing to go back whenever they don't have their $25 special so hopefully it'll be quieter. Some of their other dishes sound great on paper so I am game to try it out as long as Todd the Man is our waiter again!
