QEgfK_TKY8bwK-YzKDdkGw We were super excited to try Lumiere during restaurant week this year.  I mean no injustice with a 3 star (A-OK) rating, but that's how we left.  Both of us said it was good, but given the chance we'd go elsewhere in the future.  My biggest turn off of the night was our service.  It was rushed and apathetic.  Never asked what we wanted to drink so I had to order finally ask for my wife and I.  Never offered recommendations and asking questions was like prying info from an interrogation.  Never once asked how the food was as it come out course by course. But the worst of all in my opinion, was that before we had even lifted our spoons for dessert, he had already brought the ticket to the table.  Didn't as if we wanted coffee or drinks (which we did).  We had 6p reservations and got there a little early and was seated about 5:50p.  We were out the door an hour later.  Maybe $100 isn't much to this establishment, but for us restaurant week is really special.  Out of the last 4 or 5 times I done restaurant week, this was our most underwhelming experience.

About the food--it was good. Small, but good.  The lobster in the first course is the size of your finger and the snails are about 6.  In the main, the filet is probably 3 oz and short rib 2 oz.  Desserts were nice size.  

We had...
Fresh Hearts of Palm - with Butter Poached Lobster, Haricot Verts, Shiitakes, Snipped Chives, Creamy Walnut-Oil Dressing
Escargot Bourguignon - Braised Tender Burgundy Snails with Mushrooms, Garlic, Lemon and Herb Butter
Fillet of Grass Fed Beef and Slow-Braised Beef Short Rib - with French Trumpets, Lentils, Quinoa, Parsley Root Cream and Jus De Viande
Salted-Butter Apple Galette - with Caramel-Hazelnut Ice Cream, Frangipane, Cinnamon Crumble, Caramel Gel
Blood Orange Crème Brulee - with Shortbread Cookie Crumble and French Vanilla Ice Cream

Main was definately the best in my book.  Wife loved the creme brulee...apple tart not special to me. The crust was really really hard.

If I were super wealthy and wanted to impress someone who has never had French food, Lumiere has the novelty aspect nailed with plating and little upscale details like coat check.  I just can't get over our service being so lackluster and off putting.
