QEgfK_TKY8bwK-YzKDdkGw I spent forever trying to figure out where I wanted to dine for one of my last meals in Charlotte after traveling down on business for the last 1.5 years.  After throwing out many options, we finally chose Lumiere the menu was very intriguing.  I suppose I had very high expectations for Lumiere given the rave Yelp reviews and the solid menu, but after trying a few things I've decided it was good, but doesn't quite go down in my book of Charlotte restaurants as being a "must try".

The seating here was very comfortable; we were given a huge booth for two people.  It was pretty quiet on a Tuesday evening, but the atmosphere was still uppity enough for it not to be too quiet.  Our waiter was very friendly and helpful - liked him a lot!

We were presented with a guyere-filled bread and a cute baby cup of delicious butternut squash soup as an amuse bouche - great start to the meal. 

We started off with a few small plates - the local half dozen oysters were good, but probably not the best I've had.  I guess I'm just used to having my oysters with the usual condiments, which they sadly did not have (though I'm told good oysters don't need condiments - I'm just a sucker for routine).  The escargot was okay - the breading was a little overpowering with butter taste and I was kind of expecting the usual escargot presentation with garlickly oil to soak my bread in.  Still decent, though.  The FOIE GRAS was where it was at.  This was 100% the best dish of the night.  They gave us a healthy, healthy serving of nicely cooked foie gras with a delicious cooked date on the side.  I was pleasantly surprised at how good this was.

As for entrees, we got the duck l'orange and the sea scallops.  The sea scallops were a bit salty but nicely cooked.  I wasn't quite a fan of the risotto.  I also noticed that the scallops dish was very, very hot.  All of it basically burned my tongue which was a bit weird... never really had that happen before.  The duck, in my opinion, was my second favorite dish.  It was cooked to a nice medium temperature and wasn't too salty and the sweet orange sauce complemented the saltiness very well.

The value is pretty decent - given all the dishes (all relatively large portions) we ordered plus a couple glasses of wine, we were surprised to see our bill was much more affordable than we thought.

Lumiere is worth a try for some decent French food, but I would stick with definitely ordering the foie gras and the duck here.
