Qhvvh-0u7Od9FtGQYENmOg We were looking for something off the beaten path for a celebratory dinner with my girlfriend and her parents when I came across this interesting sounding restaurant. I was a bit put off by the fact that it is cash or cheque only since I make a habit of carrying neither of these. After having visited the restaurant however I can definitively say it's worth making a stop at the ATM for. 

The interior is quite small, though it is tastefully decorated in a simple but elegant manner with dimmed lighting and music that altogether create a rather nice ambiance. The size however was not a problem since we had the place completely to ourselves which genuinely surprised me. The couple who own and operate the restaurant were very friendly and hospitable people who provided both great service (her) and great food (him).

Many of the dishes available were Asian themed, though the website I found Lubie on listed it as "French, Middle-Eastern" so perhaps they update their menu frequently. In any case the food was delicious. For appetizers we had a salad topped with thinly sliced potatoes and goat cheese that to me resembled baked brie, as well a trout chowder with very finely chopped vegetables that provided a wonderful texture. My main was a slightly sweet sauce that tasted similar to a mild raspberry vinaigrette drizzled over a melt-in-your-mouth pork tenderloin accompanied by Asian vegetables and a serving of rice. My girlfriend who grew up on the coast was rather impressed with her teriyaki glazed salmon with similar pairings to my dish. 

My only gripe with the entire experience would have to be the rather sparse selection of beer. I tried a local "white" beer which I found indistinguishable from most low-grade lagers available in any liquor store.

In summary whether you live in St-Jean or simply find yourself passing through, if you're looking for something other than your typical chain restaurants Lubie will fit the bill handsomely.

https://www.tripadvisor.ca/ShowUserReviews-g499376-d2192805-r367869010-Lubie-Saint_Jean_sur_Richelieu_Quebec.html#
