qmh6zxtJ8C8-YiUPv7ySlw I am a committed carnivore at the best of times, however I discovered that there is such a thing as too much meat.  I was very excited at the prospect of eating the DB NY Burger, at $32 it comes stuffed with braised short ribs and foie gras and promises much delight.

I kicked off my meal with a pea & creme fraiche soup served with an asparagus and brie quiches.  Stupidly I didn't notice the word CHILLED at the start of the description and was surprised when it turned up.  I'm not a fan of chilled soups and it was very disappointing, even for me.  Under seasoned the thick gloopy pea soup tasted very fresh but it was woefully underseasoned and really had an odd consistency.  The asparagus & brie quiche had no taste of brie whatsoever and again was completely bereft of salt and pepper.  I just chalked that one up to experience and moved on...

Then came the moment, the monumental 9oz burger turned up, now I've eaten some meat in my time but really this was too much.  The bun was about a 1/4 inch thick in total with a slab of meat that looked as tall as the Wynn itself.  It was a beautiful sight and was adorned perfectly with a slice of red onion, delicately melted cheese, tomato and of course lettuce.  The fries looked worryingly like the ones you get from Jack in the Box and sadly tasted about as good.  Soggy and cut from unpeeled potatoes, they just didn't say Michelin star to me.

So to the burger.  I have to say I hated it.  There was too much meat in a small package, had the bun been half as big again, or the pattie 2/3rds of the size it would have been perfection.  The big nugget of foie gras sat there like a big piece of fat and actually added an unwelcome flavour to the mouthful that contained it.  The short ribs were a bit dry and tasted like tinned stewed meat but if you got a mouthful with a little of all three the flavours were tremendous.  If the foie gras was a thin disc that ran throughout a smaller meat pattie this burger would have hit a home run.

Both of these factors seem inexcusable for a one Michelin star restaurant and I'd warrant that if this place was in New York or London it wouldn't get a second look.

I had high hopes for this place and I left ultimately disappointed.
