qmh6zxtJ8C8-YiUPv7ySlw My crew had planned a trip to Daniel's while we were staying at the Wynn months in advance.  Two of them were old hats at eating there, but I had never been and purposely did not read any information about the place so I could be surprised by the experience.

We were seated right away at the time of our reservation and the sommelier helped my friend choose a wonderful Spanish red wine for the table; however he would not take the hint and suggest a better, pricier wine, though those two traits aren't always aligned or he already had his mind made up when someone at the table orders the burger.

I ordered the Lobster Salad, the DB Burger, and the profiteroles for desert.  All 3 items were good, but not exceptional.  The Lobster Salad reminded me of an Octopus and melon salad that I had in Chicago recently that was at least its equal.  While the individual ingredients were very good, I do not see the benefit in their combination.

I don't doubt the DB Burger is "worth" the $32 charged for it, and I would not tell someone not to order it, but the juiciness of the sirloin so dominates the burger (as it should) that the taste of truffle or foie gras is mostly masked.  If I were to go again, I believe I would just order a steak.

After having the "world renowned" profiteroles at Brasserie Jo in Chicago the week before, I have to say either they were not lying or Daniel's attempt was a bit of a disappointment with a rather tasteless ice cream in the center that they claimed was rocky road.

Besides the sommelier, who had great timing at preventing a glass from being emptied, the service was not worthy of note except for one incident.  While ordering our meals we also order an additional appetizer of escargot for the table to share and perhaps because this was such an unusual request, the waiter never placed the order until we reminded him about it when the entrees were served.

The other thing worth mentioning is the light-and-water show.  Performing a search for it now retrieves plenty of results, but we were unaware of it.  We happened to catch it 4 times while we were eating with the whole restaurant coming to a halt while rock songs from the 80's play and a show of lights and animatronics occurs outside the window over the pond.  I did not really mind it, some of my friends thought it was inappropriate for a fine eating establishment, but to each their own.

For the dining experience alone I would give the place a 4, but it does seem right to drop them another star (or really a half) for forgetting part of the order.
