qmh6zxtJ8C8-YiUPv7ySlw Getting a table outside provided us a great view of the Wynn waterfall - an experience unto itself. Every half hour is a new show, with projectors on the building turning the waterfall into a 3D drive-in movie screen, complete with smoke, lasers, and enough special effects to run a KISS concert.

For an appetizer I had escargots. In the past I've had escargots once or twice. Both times, I recall, the escargots were very bland and covered in a butter sauce to give them some flavor. Since DB had the Michelin star and a prestigious chef's name on it I expected something awe-inspiring. Wrong. The escargots, in their unidentifiable green sauce, were flavorless. I wanted to whip out my hidden salt shaker and pepper mill and make the little brown blobs in a green puddle taste like something, anything.

The Caesar salad, however, tasted much better. The dressing was perfect, light, and applied just right - not drowning the lettuce, not missing from the plate. The only setbacks with the dish were oversized croutons and avocado slices I couldn't do anything with.

For an entre I had the NY DB Burger - a 9oz. sirloin burger stuffed with foie gras and black truffle. The burger tasted good - nothing more, nothing less. The flavors were great, and the burger was a little cold, but it tasted like a good burger. Eating the burger required a well thought out strategy. The burger was too big, and the bun (which had more seeds than an everything-bagel) was bothersome.

The fries accompanying the burger were cold, but were the first thing I had that I could say tasted great that night. Everything else from the meal was either forgettable or painfully memorable. The fries were perfectly crispy on the outside and tender on the inside. The trio of dipping sauces was helpful, and the mustard (yes, mustard) was the best mustard I'd ever had.

Overall I walked away from the dinner thinking I had an "average" experience, severely disappointed from the expectations that accompany any restaurant with a Michelin star.
