qmh6zxtJ8C8-YiUPv7ySlw Ambience: 4 stars
Food: 4 stars
Service: 4 stars
Presentation: 3 stars

The scoop:
I ordered the caviar, foie gras, and the duck confit. I have to say all dishes were quite exquisite. I'll skip the review on the caviar as there's really no special preparation for it; although I will say that you do get a nice set of condiments and sides with it, including blinis, toasted bread triangles, crumbled hard boiled eggs (separated into yolk and whites), onions, and, of course, creme fraiche.

The duck foie gras was excellent; the quality you would expect from such a delicacy. Cutting into it was like cutting through air, and the pieces just melt in your mouth. Most French restaurants I've been to smother the foie gras with flavor, but what was nice about the dish here is that the sauce was minimal, so most of the flavor was the meat. Eating it was akin to biting into a juicier and more tender steak.

The duck confit was the most tender duck I've had in my life. I never had to use the knife. Like the foie gras, I barely swiped the duck with my fork and the pieces came apart without hesitation. The seasoning was perfect; it had a complex flavor, and yet it did not overpower the flavor of the meat.

I can't say too much about the presentation of the food. It was decent, and the dishes didn't look sloppy, but there wasn't anything special that gave me the sense the food is fine dining. Presentation is not really a factor in my overall score though; it's really just the icing on the cake for me.

The ambience was top-notch, but it really depends on what you are looking for. Some might disagree, but I wouldn't say the restaurant is very romantic -- primarily because the room is loud. If you want a more intimate atmosphere, I wouldn't recommend the place. But, if noise isn't a concern for you, everything else is very nice. I would say the place itself is little bit above your standard, candle-lit restaurant, but what makes the place feel grandeur is the color-changing waterfall outside. One moment, it looks like a scene from Avatar; another moment, you're taken to the cherry blossom fields of Japan. This alone makes this place have one extra star above average for ambience. 

Don't have too much to say about the service. I didn't have to wait long for my menu, order, and check, and the waiter came by periodically to check up on us and our water.
