qmh6zxtJ8C8-YiUPv7ySlw Amazing!!
I came here on my birthday with my main man. The server and waitstaff were awesome, very attentive, and weren't trying to sell us the most expensive things.

We ordered a bottle of wine after having a glass, and the recommendations were perfect. 

We started with cocktails and the 3 cheese plate with nuts, dried fruits, and honey. It was excellent.

Next we had the lobster/mango salad and I really liked this. Perhaps my favorite part of the dinner, but it was all so very good. The lobster was a great portion, chunks of rich, succulent meat topped with watercress (?am i right on this one) and ribbons of mango with a great citrus vinaigrette. Light but perfectly flavorful.

Then came the main courses, I had the swordfish with shrimp. It came with  a couscous that had a perfect texture to compliment the richness of the sauce and lightness of the fish. It was delicious. My boyfriend had the trio of pork and he said it was excellent. A great portion and enough of each to enjoy without being too much or too little.

I couldnt believe I could eat any more but when they brought the chocolate souffle for dessert, I surprised myself. Another delicious plate!

The dinner went smoothly thanks to the great care the server took in making sure the courses were timed well enough apart and small things to make the evening go fabulously without any chance for complaint.

Oh.. but I can always come up with something!
and this is really a peeve I have with anywhere fancy or not: I HATE THE TABLES TOO CLOSE TOGETHER!!! We were literally sitting a foot away from the table next to us. That is just too close for me, and I don't enjoy being packed in. If  the people they brought in next to us had been there before we sat down I would have asked to move. Tables this close is just rude.

OH well DB, the rest was so fantastic, I can overlook it.
But they've REALLY got to do something about that water show. Maybe it wasn't put there FOR the restaurant, but there are restaurants on both sides and they're really suffering for it :(

Excellent dinner, a 5 star experience! And truly this place is great on the value. I mean, we definitely shelled out some dough for this dinner, but for what we actually got, we could have done much worse. For that, see my review of Postrio!
