qmh6zxtJ8C8-YiUPv7ySlw $48 bargain prix fixe menu at a One Michelin Star restaurant (avoid Caesar Salad).

I was surprised when we were seated out in the patio without being asked.  It was a bit too chilly if you weren't under a heater and if you were under the heater, it felt like your forehead was being scorched.  The only plus side of sitting outside is that you get a good view of the light/water show but I prefer comfortable temperatures and food that does not get cold after a minute on the table.

We requested to be reseated inside which was quickly accommodated.  The three of us each ordered one of the 3 options from each course of the $48 prix fixe menu (available before 7pm):

PUMPKIN SOUP 
huckleberry coulis, spiced marshmallow
or
CAESAR SALAD
heart of romaine, avocado, parmesan
or
PT DE CAMPAGNE FORESTIRE
homemade pickles, country bread

SCOTTISH SALMON
delicata squash, black trumpet mushroom, tarragon
or
THE ORIGINAL NY DB BURGER
9-oz. sirloin burger stuffed with braised short ribs,
foie gras, black truffle, parmesan bun, french fries
or
DUO OF ORGANIC CHICKEN
braised haricot vert, southern grits, natural jus

WARM PEAR CLAFOUTIS
spiced orange marmalade, almond ice cream
or
CHOCOLATE HAZELNUT FONDANT
nougatine crunch, coffee ice cream
or
SELECTION OF SEASONAL
ICE CREAMS OR SORBET

VERDICT:

Appetizers:
Pumpkin soup was my favorite - silky smooth, nice contrast of flavors and textures.  Pate was solid and presented beautifully with an array of pickled vegetables.  Caesar salad was boring and overly sweet - containing none of the characteristics of a good Caesar salad like garlic and anchovy - and way too much croutons.

Main:
DB Burger was a letdown - lacking flavor and on the dry side.  The fries were the best part - seasoned with fresh herbs and garlic.  The chicken stood out, especially the breast which was probably cooked sous vide so that all of it's own natural flavor and moisture was retained.  The salmon was solidly executed.

Dessert:
Coconut and mango sorbets had strong flavors and smooth mouthfeel.  Fondant was dense and intensely chocolatey.  Pear clafoutis was brought hot from the oven.  The sweet pear made the dish too sweet.  A tart fruit like raspberries or cherries would have given the dish a better balance.

http://www.danielnyc.com/dbbrasserie/_pdf/menu.pdf
