qmh6zxtJ8C8-YiUPv7ySlw My boyfriend took me here to celebrate our anniversary and this was the best restaurant we went to for our entire Vegas trip. This was the second one star Michelin-rated restaurant we went to and I think it beat the other one (which was also one star) What a good planner :)

Food: 4.5
Food presentation: 5
Service: 5
Decor: 4.5

First of all, this place is beautiful, especially if you sit outside. There's a great view of their biggest waterfall and pond and if you eat during dinnertime, you'll even see occasional water & light performances (which we kinda thought were lame but maybe you'll like it.) It was especially nice to sit outside since there was a slightly warm breeze, which really beat the 65-degree AC blowing inside. Note** Some of the better seating is reserved since we sort of had a tree blocking our view of the waterfall. Nevertheless, it was still really nice. 
 
This is definitely a more pricey restaurant but their portions are a lot bigger than I expected. It's not huge but it's definitely not tiny like a lot of other restaurants. The Wynn has this "Taste of Wynn" option where you get a fixed menu of choices, which I think is so great. We both ordered their fixed 3-course meal (which honestly, considering it was a michelin-rated restaurant,  I thought it was a deal for only $42) We got the frissee salad and country pate for appetizers, salmon and steak frities for our entrees, and chocolate hazelnut fondant and icecream sorbert for dessert. The frissee salad and country paté were YUMMY! The salad comes warm and I just really love paté. The salmon entree was delicious and the steak was cooked really well. The desserts were great! They gave us complimentary desserts too (which really just looked like bits of cereal) and they decorated our dessert with "Happy Anniversary!" So cute. The hazelnut fondant was GOOOD. I really liked the icecream. The sorbert was really good too. If you get the dessert, it's good to get one chocolate and one fruit. Oh yeah, and presentation for everything was just really pretty.

Lastly, service was great. Everyone, not just your waiter, is very attentive but they don't overly do it. They're really friendly and cater to you.  Also, if you're staying in the Wynn/Encore, you can just charge the bill to your room. 

Yay for this place!
