qmh6zxtJ8C8-YiUPv7ySlw More like 4.5 stars here --

$32 for a burger?  Really?  Better be a hell of a burger!

And it almost was.  Went here with friends for my "splurge meal" of Vegas.  I couldn't decide between the $48, 3-course prix-fixe or a burger that's worth a Jackson, Hamilton and a Jefferson.  But got the latter after reading the description:

"9 oz. sirloin burger stuffed with braised short ribs, foie gras and black truffle."  Ok, sold.

Since I'm getting such a masculine, meaty meal -- I had no shame ordering the Le Rose cocktail ($16) -- Plymouth gin shaken with pomegranate liqueur, rose nectar and citrus juice.  So what if it's near-fuschia pink and adorned with a rose petal, it's friggin' good -- smooth, fragrant, not-too-sweet and potent enough to give me a buzz halfway through.  Also helps that this particular brand of gin isn't over the top with junipers and other botanicals, just enough to give the cocktail a little zip and zing.

As for the gentrified burger?  Definitely delicious -- the patty about the size of a softball, slightly flattened, and was definitely loaded with shredded short ribs and center of buttery foie gras.  However, I didn't pick up much of the black truffle flavor.   It was odd having to eat a burger with a fork and knife (it was stacked super high and my lower jaw is not detachable), but the taste more than made up for the disassembled & reconstructed mess I made on my plate.  The fries that came with it were excellent too, though the aioli dip wasn't as garlicky as I would've liked.

I also shared a seasonal cheese plate ($26) with my dining companions; the five-cheese selection included a double-cream sheep's milk brie, a nice ricotta insalata and the intensely flavorful 12-year-old Hook's cheddar!  Pair that with a little granny smith apple, creamed honey and dried apricots -- heavenly!

Definitely can't wait to check out the prix-fixe next time I come here, or maybe the trio of pork...

The atmosphere was also wonderful; the weather being cool enough for us to sit outside by the Wynn Hotel waterfall, where we were treated to the 8pm "dancing frog" show (yes, totally bizarre till the frog starts singing, then it became totally dreamy).

For full review + photos, go here:
http://tinyurl.com/4eswup
