qmh6zxtJ8C8-YiUPv7ySlw Oh.My.Gosh.YUM.

To celebrate my mom's birthday, we headed over to the Wynn on New Year's Day for dinner at Daniel Boulud Brasserie.  A reservation was made a couple weeks beforehand so the wait in the soothing bar area was quite short.

Luckily, we were seated right by the window.  GORGEOUS view of the lake of dreams and the waterfall they've got with a show every 30 minutes.  We had barely briefed the menu when the sommelier swung by to help us pick out a really tasty bottle of French wine.  For the life of me, I can't remember the name of it.  Sucks to me. Oh well.

My aunt started off with a caeser salad, my mom had the beet salad, and my dad opted for 6 raw clams while the boy and I shared the tasting of 5 (delicious) cheeses.  The waiter rattled the names of those cheeses off too, but of course, seeing it is the theme of this entry, I can't remember the name of those either.  OH BUT THEY WERE GOOD.  The fig bread and candied walnuts were good compliments to the cheese and the wine we were having too!

Now on to entrees!  (which were delivered by our waiter, a different guy annnd the manager, who checked up on us while we ate.)

My aunt ordered the Swordfish a la Plancha that I had been eyeing.  It must've been real good because she finished off that sucker (before I could even stick my fork in for a taste!) and sat there with a huge smile while the rest of us worked on our meals.  :)

Mom was craving the Moules Frites.  She let me taste one of those magnificently plump mussels, and WOW I can honestly say that it was better than the mussels I remember tasting when I went to Paris in 2004!  The pomme frittes she had too were seriously scrumptious -- AND addicting.   

Dad feasted on the Braised Short Ribs.  WOW.  The bite he let me have was soooo incredibly soft.  Ha!  I swear I just smiled dreamingly right now thinking about how good it was!

The boy really really wanted spaetzle, and although it wasn't the kind he had in Germany, his Trio of Kurobuta Pork made him a very happy and satisfied camper.  

After a debate between the Filet and the Crispy Duck, I ordered the Crispy Duck. Thank God because GOOD LORD IT WAS EXCELLENT!  Super crispy on the outside and wonderfully tender on the inside.  

I think everyone at the table was thoroughly content with their meals, BUT WAIT!  There's ALWAYS room for dessert!  The folks and aunt split the Molten Chocolate Cake served with Vanilla Ice Cream.  Bitter and sweet -- what a duo. :)  I think the dessert the boy and I ordered though totally beat theirs out.:  the Rustic Apple Tart for Two served with Cinnamon Ice Cream!  Ahhh!  Oh so goooood!  

Okay.  I need to quit writing about the food.  So let's talk everything but the food.  I already mentioned the lake of dreams and the waterfall.  Outside the window was also an outdoor eating area that looked like it would be a great place to sit if it weren't winter.  If i ever did go back there over the summer, I'd want to sit out there.  And yes, I said "if i ever did go back", BUT only because there are just so many great places to eat in Vegas that I'd have to explore some more!  The wait staff was real friendly and the place was not pretentious at all. :)

The only minor complaint I had about the place was that our waiter was so busy that I had to call him over two separate time to refill my Aunt's beverage.  

Gah!  That was a long review.  Sorry!

Okay, now go eat here.  IMMEDIATELY.
