qnFdBp12seAxwe2_iHM2bA Having a love for French food and having heard solid reviews, I entered Laloux confident that I'd be in for a treat.  Unfortunately, from start to finish, the meal simply did not deliver.

My date and I ordered the Potage St. Germain, a pea soup with bits of bacon, sweet onion and infused croutons.  Although the soup was tasty when the spoonful contained all the ingredients, the broth alone was a little too timid.  It did not carry any deep or complex flavours.  Furthermore, and what was most unfortunate about this soup was that it was just shy of being room temperature; it simply wasn't hot enough.  I had the impression that it must have been sitting around for too long before being sent out to our table.

As for the mains, I ordered the duck plate with ham and my date went for the steak.  The steak was wonderful, but the duck was so rare that it was inedible, since, even after a sip of wine, all I could taste was blood from the duck.  Luckily, my date thought it was "okay" it so we decided to switch plates (nice date!). The ham looked especially unappealing, and though I tried a bit of it and it was tasty, the presentation was a bit too "real" for me.  It looked like the pig's trotter was butchered and served fresh on my plate, so I left that portion untouched.  Finally, one of the two bok choy on my plate was burnt.  I was a little bit upset!  Enough said.

Dessert was by far better than the appetizer and mains.  We ordered the caramel profiteroles with ice cream.  While the profiteroles were excellent, the caramel sauce in which they were drenched was exceedingly sweet.  My partner and I tried our best to save the beautiful profiteroles from the sauce, but it was too late... perhaps a touch of sea salt would have salvaged the dessert, or at least the option of having the caramel on the side would have made the dessert more appealing.

Finally, the decor provides nice clean lines that I'm sure would satisfy architect Laloux, the namesake of this restaurant.  However, the minimalism of this restaurant kept my eyes craving that extra pop of color or texture, and the lighting was a little too bright for a romantic date night.  Nevertheless, the service was excellent and the waitstaff were attentive.  

If you're looking for a nice French restaurant for a date night, I'd recommend going to Le Pegase over this place.  It is far more intimate and the food is far better.  It's also a bring-your-own wine restaurant and potentially better on the wallet (although I must say Laloux was very affordable! Our bill came out to 100$ excluding tip).
