qnFdBp12seAxwe2_iHM2bA Restaurant Laloux was absolutely wonderful. My fiancée and I came here during a day trip to Montreal and we splurged on the 5 course sampler with wine pairings for her birthday, which actually turned out to be more like an 8 course sampler with the amuse-bouches and a cheese course. It's probably more than I've ever spent on a meal, but it was one of the best meals of my life. I'm sure if I thought hard enough about it I could place it in the top 3 for sure. We ate there 3 nights ago and I still remember pretty much everything we had, it made that good of an impression:

First amuse-bouche - scallop with a citrusy marmalade: very good, cool, citrusy and sweet
First appetizer - lightly seared arctic char with fennel and creme fraiche on fish broth: also very good, savory without being heavy and rich. A nice sweet cool white wine was paired with it and was excellent
Second appetizer - homemade tagliatelle with beef cheek, chinese artichokes and some kind of cured meat: this was amazing, and could have been a main course in and of itself. My fiancée's favorite course of the night, so rich and flavorful. This was paired with...I believe a greek red wine that was very thin on the tongue. This is when we really started getting transported by this meal :)
Main course - Venison over mashed parsnips with baby asparagus and pearl onion: this was unbelievably good, I got chills when eating it. I'd never had venison this good. This was paired with another red wine which I thought matched it very well but I don't recall much about that one. I do recall thinking that the wine pairings were excellent, they were very good wines that were quite unique and accented the dishes so very well.
Cheese - The waitress came up and asked us after the main course if we'd like to have some cheese (an additional $4 for 25g of each), and we had two that were excellent, a soft cow's milk cheese and a very smooth and tangy bleu
Second amuse-bouche - small panna cotta with homemade jelly: very sweet, soft and delicious
Dessert - I had a lemon jelly with pound cake and my fiancée had a peanut sauce with a sort of chocolate bark: mine was quite good, sour and sweet, but the peanut dish was a little too salty (the only misstep of the night, and by then we were so full that it hardly mattered)
And finally - they brought us a few homemade candies that were quite good as well.

Total cost: $85 each for dinner and wine, $8 extra for the cheese, tax and tip = $230. Yikes. But like I said, it was absolutely worth it for a special dinner that was one of the best meals of my life.
