qnFdBp12seAxwe2_iHM2bA A wonderful evening.  

Another Montréal gem.  Discovered Laloux through yelp (thank you yelp for another great find). Somewhat surprised that it wasn't so busy considering it was a Friday evening, but always happy to go for the overlooked gems. 

Nice room, very simple and light.  Clean and well-maintained.  Great front-of-house staff.  Service was slightly formal and very polished and professional, becoming more relaxed as the evening progressed and a rapport was established.  Attentive without being intrusive - not something many restaurants entirely master.

It always makes me unspeakably happy to find myself in a restaurant that knows and observes the finer points of service and the staff at Laloux has manners so good as to make their mothers proud every day.  An alarming proportion of restaurants seem oblivious to the basic etiquette of service - sadly as do many customers - things like not removing a course from the table until everyone has finished so as not to single out the slower eaters among us.  Never touching a cup or glass on the rim (yes, actually I prefer that you not touch the glass in the same place where I'm going to touch it with my mouth, thanks). Unfailingly observing the correct side from which to serve and from which to remove.  Not asking how things are tasting, which whenever a server asks me that always makes me wonder why they're asking - is that server not entirely confident that what they've just given me is any good?  No missteps like these at Laloux. 

Clearly the staff is proud of their kitchen - everything is presented with brief and appropriate details about provenance or process.  Their respect for their kitchen and their chef is evident, and rightly so. Every plate was a thoughtful and interesting combination of texture and flavour with nothing out of place.  The cooking style emphasizes locally sourced ingredients with a somewhat technical approach (sous-vide, foams, etc.) and a focus on texture and flavour, with impressive results. 

Comprehensive wine list focused on French wine. Good selection of cocktails.  

A nice variety of desserts, again thoughtful and complex without being overly demanding of your attention.  

Beautifully executed food, enjoyable as something wonderful and tasty; equally enjoyable as a technical tour-de-force, as you prefer. 

We had a truly enjoyable evening and I'm looking forward to my next visit to Montréal and my next visit to Laloux!
