qrSsS0pk7SL67MP5nN8tlg This restaurant was excellent. Let me start by saying that the downside is parking and location. It is very easily missed. Although not far from the city, it's definitely small, it's operated essentially as a house so it's easy to just drive right past it. When we found it and looked for parking, we went to the back and there were no spots left - there are not that many to begin with. We asked the staff and they told us to pull up to the front where the other stores were and to park in front of there so we did! 

We got inside, and it's very quaint, nicely spaced out, definitely older but so warm and cozy. Perfect atmosphere for a date, or for bringing family and friends for a reunion or just for a beautiful French meal. The food is pricey - but in fairness, French food usually is pricey - at least if you want a good quality French meal. 

Three of us came together, for appetizers, we ordered 1 Les moules sauce bonne femme (mussels with creamy white wine sauce) - I would say that it was okay. Although I do appreciate mussels, I didn't love it, they weren't overly tasty nor spectacular. We ordered 2 Le salade panachee, avec Portobello et vinaigrette de balsam which was delicious! I would say that if you're looking for an appetizer, don't get the typical ceasar salad or mixed greens, get this portobello salad, it was delicious. It's a perfect balance of salad with the portobello playing in perfectly to replace any meat on the salad with light balsamic to bring it together. 

For the main, we ordered their special of the night: lamb shank, le canard braise a l'orange (orange duck) and le carre d'agneau aux herbes de Provence (roaster rack of lamb). From least best to best, orange duck was okay. Although obviously the orange is meant to be a star flavour, it really overpowered the dish. The duck was not by any means standing out because the flavour of the orange was overly played into the dish - wouldn't recommend and wouldn't order again. The lamb shank was great, braised well and served beautifully, it was delicate and delicious. But the STAR of the night was the rack of lamb. I've had MANY rack of lambs over time but this is by far, one of the most tender, succulent well seasoned and balanced rack of lambs I've ever had. We had it cooked to a medium rare and when we bit into it, it was as though it melted off the bone. A++++ would order again and would recommend. Although it's pricey, it's well worth the money you're paying for it. You're getting 5-6 pieces of beautiful rack of lamb that is done perfectly. 

We also got two bottles of wine and profiterole for dessert. A well rounded meal, beautifully done.
