qTacF-_Iucc1Nxom_Za_5Q I am a little conflicted in writing this review.  I love the atmosphere of this place but the food was a big miss for us.  

Their three distinct spaces all offer different feels.   

The front patio is pretty and great for people watching.  This was where we sat and were lucky enough to have experienced a nice breeze to help cool us off.  The vibe I took from this space is one of a lazy, cocktail inspired, catch up with friends.   

Their inside dinning room has a view to the kitchen and certainly more of a restaurant feel to it.   More on their food later, but I don't really think of this as a dinner location so would probably not choose to sit inside unless it was deep winter and I was looking for a lazy, cocktail inspired, catch up.  

Their back patio is covered in white gravel stones with picnic tables and has a slight downwards slope, along with a handful of outdoor games, ball toss, boccee etc.    It doesn't seem to fit with the rest of the space and reminds me more of a university bar (which is cool if that is your thing but certainly gave a different feel that the other spaces). 

The cocktails are amazing, amazing, did I mention they are amazing?   We had a mint julep and their black betty, with black betty being the winner.   They serve crushed ice with their julep, which if you don't drink it quickly, melts and dilutes the drink too much.   It does make for a pretty presentation though.  

I loved our servers.   We were served by three different gentlemen over the course of the evening and they perfect, which is saying something because the place was packed and it was BOILING hot, like desert in the middle of summer hot.  

If the review was based on just the above this would be a solid 5 star, however, their food was such a fail.   I don't know if the chef is on some sort of diet where everything needs to be overly acidic or pickled, there was a heavy hand of both in most of what we ordered. 

We ordered: 
Gougers - okay, felt like there was something missing although I couldn't say what. 

Oysters - they were fresh and yummy but only arrived with one mignonette - no hot sauce, no fresh horseradish, although both appeared after asking for them 

Artichokes - ah,  I like artichokes but these had a pickled taste to them which became way too repetitive.  They were served with a watery aioli which also had too much acid.    We would have enjoyed them more if the aioli had been creamier. 
 
Lyonnaise Salad - this comes with a poached egg, although, one would never know this based on the description on the menu.   We only knew because we saw it go to another table which peeked out interest.    This salad was terrible.   It is very difficult to mess up a salad, but messed this salad was.   The egg was over done and greens too acidic to the point of being inedible.   So bad. 

Duxelle Tartine - mushrooms on what tasted like a rye toast.   I love mushrooms and I love bread and I did not even like this dish.  Again, seems as though there was an acid on the mushrooms.  There is not enough fat this dish to require squirts of lemon.   

We planned on staying longer and eating more but just couldn't do it based on our last three dishes. 

Service great, cocktails great, atmosphere great, food - definitely not for us.
