qTBT6UDQP5-GSrB-UTn5CQ My family and I dined here tonight and we were really impressed.

The service was friendly and attentive but not obtrusive. Our server had excellent suggestions and was very accommodating and warm to our toddler. Another family with a toddler came in and we could tell that this wasn't their first time as the staff also greeted them warmly.

The setting is quite pretty. We sat in a booth in an open window and the cool breeze made us feel as though we were on vacation. The decor is pleasant and relaxing and the music was really nice without being overpowering. They have a small stage with live music some nights and I think it would be a great place for a celebration.

The food and drinks were really interesting. I had a rum, coconut and pineapple drink that had something else in it that I couldn't quite place that made it into something quite unusual and pleasant. I didn't ask what it was so I'll just have to keep sampling until I can figure it out! My toddler quite enjoyed his lime and vanilla drink which was a nice twist on lemonade.

The beignets were absolutely perfect, and as our server predicted, our little one attained toddler Nirvana. I've never had Haitian Creole prior to this but I will come back on the strength of these toasty treats alone! 

The mains were really delicious. The apricot-grilled lamb chops were perfectly cooked. The Poul La Creole, oven roasted with a creamy, delicately-spiced sauce is the Haitian equivalent of butter chicken. The real standout for me was the ratatouille. The only word that comes close to describing the depth of flavours is 'warm'. We think that they must roast the vegetables before pureeing. No need to add meat.

My only complaint was a small one. The Akkra de Morue (cod & potato croquettes) could have used a bit more seasoning, and while the outsides were golden, the insides were a bit gooey. A little onion and an extra minute in the fryer and they would have been perfect. I did however really enjoy the slaw that came on the side, which had just a touch of scotch bonnet, but the avocado watercress spread didn't seem like quite the right accompaniment. 

We will definitely be returning, hopefully sans toddler and with cab fare to enjoy some live music and some rum drinks in the window nook.
