rbcfYmJtqwIkk17IeOI5Kw When in Vegas, we foie gras. 

It's become a bit of a tradition for the boyfriend and I to seek out the buttery, savory delicacy when we're in town and last night was no exception. A Yelp search for foie gras turned up a newcomer since our last trip in Michael Mina's BARDOT. With overwhelmingly high marks we decided to reserve via Open Table.

An after-thought caused Brandon to follow up with a phone call to request a booth and mention that we were celebrating a special occasion (my birthday is in a week).

We arrived and were seated right away at a two-top table centrally located in the dining room, which was most certainly not the more private booth that we'd requested. If you like hearing every word from your neighboring diners this is the place for you! I mean, so loud at times that he had to lean over the table and ask me to repeat myself. If you're expecting a romantic bistro, this isn't it.

Wine drinkers, take heed. Their menu is exorbitantly priced. I generally drink Chardonnay, but their cheapest glass was $17. I opted to order the $38 half bottle of white Bordeaux, knowing I'd likely have two glasses over the course of our meal.

The seared foie gras appetizer over lentils and shallots was stunning. We both agreed that we could have polished off about five more, but at $29 we refrained. Melt-in-your-mouth delicious and a nice portion to share (between two!)

I'd wanted to try their French Onion soup, but ringing in at $17 (I believe), I just couldn't justify the addition. 

For our entree, Brandon and I decided to share the Surf and Turf combo of 14oz ribeye and king crab. $88 + $29 for the crab. Expecting a true "surf and turf" I was surprised when our respective plates came out, ribeye divided with crab meat topping each half. A $117 entree and you cut our steak in half and top each one with about 4 ounces of crab meat? Where I come from that's called a steak served Oscar style. Even in Vegas I wouldn't expect that to cost more than $100 and...You. Cut. My. $88. Steak. *sad face*

All said, the steak was seasoned well and cooked as requested and the crab was delicious though scant. The accompanying French fries weren't anything very special, however the garlic aioli served alongside was fantastic and elevated the side.

Service seemed slow but Jesus was pleasant and kept my wine glass filled throughout the meal.

I just expected more for what we ended up paying. And not a mention of our special occassion was made. *sigh* 

Bardot, I wanted you to romance me in a classic, swooning French kind-of way.

Instead I left feeling like a tourist who'd been pick pocketed while admiring the Eiffel Tower. 

That foie, though...*drool*
