3jKUbhGSjFTv5jZ0wnW0xA I can't believe it took me so long to write a review for Les Deux Gamins. I guess I really never got around to it. HarHar. 

My friends and I decided to go on an impromptu vacation to Montreal because, one, the drinking age there is 18, and two, Montreal is awesome! 

We came across this tiny restaurant on a cobblestone street after climbing Mont Royale in the snow. Bad decision-making, but unforgettable experience. Anyways, we were cold, tired, and hungry, and decided to run into the first warm and appealing restaurant we could find. 

We all ordered the French Onion Soup ($8.50) to start our meal, and I have to say, it really hit the spot. They have beer on tap; my friends ordered a beer and rum and coke, and I got the Vespa--the house drink with fizzling happiness. 

After the wonderful starters of soup and alcohol, we moved on to the entrees. I remember that we weren't as satisfied with the quality of the main dishes. I got the chicken and mushroom risotto; my friend got the chicken stew--the chicken in the two dishes were overcooked to the point of being inedible. I thought the risotto was cooked very well, though. My other friend got the flank steak and said that it would have better if they had used quality steak. 

Dessert was satisfying. I got to try mini-versions of the most popular desserts: the creme brulee, the chocolate mousse, and unfortunately, I cannot remember the last one. 

While the entrees were not as satisfying as the ambiance, the starters, the dessert, or the alcohol, it was still an okay experience. The prices were very good, especially if you decide to add an appetizer and dessert to your entree for $12. The waitresses are very nice and the place itself is gorgeous. We went here after a three-hour dinner at a very nice steakhouse the night before, so we had high expectations. Les Deux Gamins met the expectations, but it was missing an element of surprise--that bang that makes food so much more interesting and delicious.
