3jKUbhGSjFTv5jZ0wnW0xA When I used to live in Montreal until 1994, rue Prince-Arthur was a succession of BYOB greek restaurants. There was also cheap Polish place Mazurka, which was a favourite of UQAM students for their lunch specials, as well as La Pizzaiolle, which started the whole " pizza au four a bois" craze from the late 80s on. Fast forward to 2014. Some of the old stalwarts are still going strong and some even have become chains: La Cabane Grecque, La Casa Grecque, La Maison, La Shack, Le Garage, etc...
Prince-Arthur still is a very touristy pedestrian strip, yet you see signs that serious restaurateurs who care about real quality and tradition are setting up shop in the area.
At 170 Prince-Arthur East, Les Deux Gamins is a French "bistro"(more like a restaurant to me, the bistro being the diner of France) that serves a lot of classics, all the while giving them their own personalized touch. Service is very friendly and efficient but non-intrusive. A few tables are set outside for those who want to dine al fresco, while the restaurant itself has a very warm, classic decor.
My guest and I visited on the evening of Saturday, July 26th.
She had the feuilleté d'escargots as a first course($9). It was delicious. Cream, garlic, mushrooms, butter, flaky puff pastry and glorious snails on a bed of greens. Absolutely heavenly. I ordered a gaspacho ($6, you know, the Spanish version of a Vichyssoise).Although it did not have the kick I expected( i.e. garlicky) it had a hint of garlic, cucumbers, some tomato, nice herbs, overall a very refreshing and palate opening course. For mains, we had duck confit a l'orange($26) and a steak tartare ($24). The duck dish is the best of both worlds: the unctuousness and awesome taste of a great duck confit with the delicate aroma and slightly citrusy flavour of a canard a l'orange. A truly satisfying offering with a memorable side dish of sauteed vegetables. These were so good as my guest said, that they could be ordered as a dish of their own. My steak tartare was very fresh and tasty, made from top round Boston cut. Some will say this dish lacked flavour, that usually a steak tartare has more spice and more zyng. But to me, this steak tartare had just enough seasoning. Not too salty or too spicy and you could truly taste the beef. Why mask the taste if you want raw meat? A true delight. Not sure if the beef is organic, but I would not be surprised. The frites were really tasty and so was the side green salad that had a very pleasant classic vinaigrette sauce.
We could not do dessert. The portions at Les Deux Gamins are huge: lots of steak tartare, 2 duck legs. Reminds me of San Diego, where even great fine dining establishments do not leave you hungry at the end of your meal.
They serve my aperitif (Ricard pastis) and have a French only wine list. We had a fillette (a 3 glass carafe) of Saint-Emilion ($22) and it was a fine match to our meal.
I liked the friendly touch of a complimentary extra glass of wine right after I had paid the bill.
The team at Les Deux Gamins really enjoy what they do. They are very nice. The prices are normal and considering the quality of the food and the location, this place is really a gem. 
Please go and try them out, you will not regret it.
