rbcfYmJtqwIkk17IeOI5Kw My boyfriend and I had a wonderful dinner last month at Bardot the day after Valentine's for our 5th Anniversary. Not only is the location beautiful, but the food is also not so bad, you can never go wrong at a French Brasserie!
Our reservation was at 8pm, we arrived early and noticed they had Happy Hour from 5-7pm so we sat in the bar and lounge area and enjoyed some small bites and a drink. We enjoyed the Oysters, Tuna TarTare, Steak TarTare, Skate Wing, Bone Marrow, and my favorite small dish was the Duck Wings A' L'Orange, yum!
The hostess was very sweet and took us to our table early and the table was absolutely gorgeous set up with rose pedals. This was such a perfect way to start an anniversary dinner. When this restaurant used to be American Fish we surprisingly had the same server as we did this time at Bardot. It was very nice to see that Michael Mina kept on some of the staff from the previous restaurant. Our server's name is Jamison, he was fantastic; this visit as well as the last visit. He was very kind and knowledgable he gave us a great list of suggestions for our meal:

French Onion Soup Gratinee--make sure to add the truffle, OXTAIL, and soft poached egg.
Salad Course: Frisee salad with bacon and poached egg.
Entrees: I had the Ora King Salmon with lentils and a smoked tomato vinaigrette.
My boyfriend had the Pork Chop that came with a horseradish potato, very strong on the horseradish..
Sides: Green Beans and Macaroni Gratinee (normally I would not order any macaroni dish out at dinner, but I'm glad we got it, because the presentation is so creative, each noodle sits straight up and came as a square block, really impressive. 
Dessert: There is ALWAYS room for dessert! My boyfriend's mother is french and one of his favorite past times is when his mom would prepare her famous Apple Tarte Tatin from scratch.....so of course we tried it. Very tasty and the individual serving size is a great way to present this dessert. Also, we ordered the Coupe Glacee {{fancy words}} which was ice cream and sorbets. Our night ended with a beautiful pink rose handed to me, they were a special take home for Valentine's weekend!

The only thing that really bothered us during our meal was that we were sitting at a booth closer to the kitchen and the chef kept tapping on his bell for the food runners to come back. It was fantastic that the kitchen staff was not loud and we couldn't hear any silverware or plates touching each other, but the bell was reallyyy annoying! How about tapping the bell once? Or perhaps just hiring one or two more runners so the guests do not have to hear the bell and see the chef laughing after hitting it 12 times in a row!
Other than that, great spot, love the remodeling, and ask for Jamison, you will be in good hands!
