rbcfYmJtqwIkk17IeOI5Kw On a cable show called Munchies, Chef Josh Smith of Bardot Brasserie at the Aria gathered some friends, most of them chefs, and went out on the town to a few of his favorite Las Vegas restaurants. Along the way, I learned a bunch about Josh's philosophies for food, preparation and creativity. He brought a good deal of his personality to Bardot Brasserie, and I wanted to experience French cuisine at it's finest. A true french bistro is a tough find when in Las Vegas recently, I had the opportunity to escape from my obligations to have dinner at the restaurant. I asked to speak with Josh and a short time later he came over to my table and I invited him to sit with me. I mentioned that I had seen him on Munchies, and we spoke of my longing for traditional french fare. I decided to stick with appetizers this evening (a bunch of them!) because I could indulge my cravings for the more traditional french offerings, but as Josh would say, with a bit of a modern twist. Just what the doctor ordered. Even though I was just having appetizers, the order in which they came to the table was carefully considered. Not all together, but in a measured, comfortable way. The sommelier came over to the table and reviewed what I was having and suggested a glass that would satisfy throughout all the dishes. I believe it was the Patrick Piuze Val De Mer Cremant de Bourgogne Rose - a burgundy from France. Wow. She was spot on. Ok, every single dish that came to the table was inspired and delicious. I mean really good. Seriously. There was escargot with toasted hazelnuts, chartreuse butter in pastry shells followed by pate de campagne - a traditional housemade pate with heritage pork, veal and pistachios. Next came the bone marrow au piovre - a peppercorn and remy martin vsop crusted bone marrow, burgundy onion jam with cornichons and grilled country bread. Right about then, Chef Josh sent over, as a wonderful surprise, the duck a l'orange - wood-grilled wings, cointreau glaze with sauce maltaise. But I wasn't done yet. I couldn't resist the prime steak tartare. What's fabulous about the steak tartare is that it is ground to order, with sauce verge, egg yolk and gaunter potatoes. Simply delicious. I gotta tell you that it was one of the finest meals I have ever had in Las Vegas. Just appetizers. Go figure.
