rbcfYmJtqwIkk17IeOI5Kw As someone with zero skill or luck when it comes to gambling, It's great knowing you don't have to roll the dice to find exquisite dining in Las Vegas. For no particular reason I hadn't been back to Vegas in nearly two years. While maybe not the newest, my wife and I had been hearing consistently great things about BARDOT Brasserie so we made a point of getting reservations for her B-day dinner.

Located within Aria, we went with a small group of friends and met up at the restaurant right around our reservation time. It took a few minutes before we got seated, but once inside the first thing one notices is how the place is dimly lit and full or tile, dark wood and brass. Deservingly a brasserie.

While on the pricier side, there are certainly pricier still in Vegas. As one would expect the menu is decidedly French. No need to try and reinvent the wheel here as the majority of menu options are relatively timeless.

While wine would definitely be on the table for dinner, we started things off with cocktails. Preferring alcohol-forward, I ordered the Smoke & Mirrors while my wife got the Snake In The Grass.  Both were excellent. Looking to try a little of everything we also ordered the charcuterie board, which came packed with pate, rillettes and other cured meats.

Main course had to be steak - 8oz Angus Filet Mignon, medium rare. A friend of ours ordered the same thing, medium. As with most fine dining experiences we had some time before the meals came out. Everything looked great and we dug right in. While the meat was what one would expect from a proper filet mignon, for a roughly $50 item, it didn't seem medium rare as we would have liked. 

About halfway through the meal we look over at our friend who'd ordered hers medium and noticed it was far pinker than our own. At that point we realized they had given us the wrong plates. I brought this up with the waiter next time they came by. While our friend who had ordered the medium learned then and there that she preferred medium rare, our server asked as flat out if we'd like another one. I actually felt bad, but yes, the medium wasn't doing the trick and we obliged. 

The new steak came out soon enough, and was indeed, perfectly medium rare. It cut like butter and melted in my mouth. I also then understood why this place gets such high marks to begin with. The food was great. And while they may have slipped up an expensive order, they also fixed it with poise and speed. That's how it's done.
