rbcfYmJtqwIkk17IeOI5Kw A beautifully decorated room. Warm colors & festive, instantly transporting you to  Paris, France. 
My friends & I were escorted to a nice comfortable room with a big 4 top table. Thank goodness it wasn't a little table!  That part of a Paris Brasserie was left out of our experience. 
Our first course was the Pate de Champagne, Foie Gras Parfait, & Fruits de Mer. LOVED the Pate de Champagne with the port wine gelee. The perfect combo of sweet & salty. I couldn't get enough of the melt in your mouth love. The Foie Gras Parfait had a textbook European Foie Gras  texture I liked it but I do prefer the Pate creaminess. My friends who are from Europe absolutely loved it. The cornichons that acompanied the Foie Gras balanced the dish with it's salty sour flavor. And of course the Fruits de Mer was lovely in presentation as well as taste. My taste buds were soooo happy!
Our mains were Lobster Thermador & Rack of Lamb. The presentation of the Lobster Thermador was beautiful. 2 huge pieces of Lobster (shared by 2) topped with Brandy cream Bernaise. The Bernaise sauce was whipped to look like a cloud of French heaven. It was lovingly baked on the 
Lobster. I was sad that I didn't order that till my Lamb Crown Roast was put before me. 
Lamb was done perfectly. It was juicy & spiced just right. It was supposed to be for 2 people but the portion was so huge 3 could've been very satisfied with this delectable entree. I was suprised at the vegetable that  accompanied my Lamb. I thought that I hated Eggplant. The Chef & his staff proved me wrong. It was a puree of Eggplant topped with pesto sauce. It was such an amazing balance of flavors, salty & sweet. We also had mushrooms a la grecque & green beans almondine. The mushrooms were soooo delicious I really wished I didn't have to share that dish. It was heavenly & melted in my mouth. Not that they were mushy, but so perfectly cooked. Sadly the green beans were overly salted. So mush that no one ate much of it. 
The last course was our 2 desserts. Coupe de Glacee which was the sorbet of the day, Strawberry topped with merengue. You would think eh, sorbet, so pedestrian. But this presentation was amazing! It was so unusual I actually took a picture of it. I'm not one of those camera foodies, but this desert looked so good. The merengue topping looked like little clouds of heaven. Not overly sweet, perfectly crunchy & yummy. The sorbet under the merengue had little bits of strawberry whipped into it. Aria has perfected the sorbet, what else can I say. We also had the classic Creme Caramel topped with a spun sugar cookie. It was also quite delicate & great with our after dinner espressos.  
The service was exceptional. The Bardot staff was so attentive, patiently explaining our questions. I really appreciate good service which in my town is sadly lacking at most strip venues. These professionals were at the top of their craft. Cudos to them! 
I was so happy that I took my friends to this restaurant. It's a gamble to go to a restaurant in the first weeks of a grand opening. A lot can go wrong as the staff is still working out the kinks. Evidently these people are the creme de la creme of fine dining. The food & service was superb! Bravo & Bon Apetit!!
