rbcfYmJtqwIkk17IeOI5Kw My gf's and I were staying at Aria and this restaurant was luckily downstairs. It's hard to find good French food/restaurant in LA so I was pretty excited to check out Bardot. The inside is very nice, romantic and dim. It looked very Parisian. As you are seated they give you complimentary baguette, which is amazing! You know it's a darn good bread if when you break it you can hear the crackle, but still be soft in the inside. Very fresh and just what a baguette should be. The butter was standard but even better when you added a pinch of sea salt. We all were in the mood for a bunch of appetizers, rather than big meals per se. 

_Bardot Salad ($14) Gem lettuce, Dijon vinaigrette. Simple, yet very tasteful. The lettuce were huge, fresh and crisp. The vinaigrette was a tad sweet, acidic and tart. I love the lingering taste of the Dijon. A bit pricey for a very simple salad with just some greens, but also very good if you want something to start with.
_Foie Gras Parfait ($18) Chilled mousse of la belle foie gras, ruby port gelée grilled country bread. This was an automatic for all of us. I mean can I get a amen or an amen! The 4 thick slices of baguette were crisp, yet soft in the outside. The parfait was silky, and not gamey. The ruby port on top helped to cut out any gamey flavor that may linger and give it a sweetness and tartness flavor that is always the best when eating a parfait. One of my favorite dishes of the night! A bit rich but worth unbuttoning your pants for :)
_Escargots Bardot ($19) Wild burgundy snails wrapped individually in puff pastry, toasted hazelnuts chartreuse-garlic butter. This was pretty tiny and came in 6 servings. I got to eat one, although I wish I could have had more not only because It tasted so good but I felt one wasn't enough to really capture the flavor as they are so tiny. The puff pastry was nicely fried and a very thin layer at that, a little buttery and flaky. The snail flavor was a tad chewy, but overall cooked perfectly. The texture almost seemed more like mushrooms, if you did not know, you would not guess you were eating snails.
_Black Truffle French Fries ($14) When we first got this our waitress made a mistake and brought us regular fries. My friend and I kept thinking and saying not only do I not taste truffle at all, I don't even smell it. Glad to know we switched it off for actual truffle fries. When it came you can already tell by the color and aroma it was truffle. The aioli was great and paired perfect with the fries, it actually brought out the truffle flavor more. I will say, our tables all agreed the fries were so darn oily! As I ate just one fry I can already see all the oil on my fingertips. 
_Burrata Salad. This was a bit bland. The salad was more of about 4 small lettuces, a few snap peas, a few asparagus and 4 tiny slices of peaches. I will say the peaches were the highlight of the dish. Not even the burrata, but the peaches. They were so fresh and sweet. The burrata itself was a bit small and the texture was a bit disappointing. It did not have that silky and elasticity to it. I felt some balsamic or some type dressing would have made this a bit better. 
_Heritage Chicken Roti ($34)  1/2 free-range chicken, mushroom bread pudding, green beans, sauce vin jaune. Good sized half chicken. The chicken was very moist and well cooked. Not dry whatsoever and the seasoning was pretty spot on. The skin was perfectly crisp, although I found it pretty salty. I can see why the chicken was a bit lighter on seasoning, since the skin itself was more on the salty side, it was a good balance. The mushroom bread pudding did not really do it for me. It was heavy, oily and buttery and did not compliment the chicken whatsoever, it was just random and unnecessary. The green beans were good. 
_Chocolate Macaron ($13) French chocolate cookie, valrhona chocolate mousse. Being a bit chocolate fan, when I saw this on yelp, I had to get it. The dessert was the main reason I wanted to try this restaurant. This was a very huge portion, think of those small ones by Lette, but on steroids. As it came out, our waitress drizzled chocolate sauce all over the plate and macaron. At first bite it was divine, as well as the other few, but then it started to get real rich and heavy. I did like the texture of the macaron, it had a nice bite and the ganache was silky, but I would need to eat small bites of this and with some rest in between. I felt maybe the chocolate sauce was not necessary since it was already so rich, but regardless glad I got to try this. 
_Mille Feuille ($13) Caramelized puff pastry, vanilla crème patisserie. I must say this was pretty good but I expected more. The puff pastry was perfectly thin and crisp, which I think is the most important part of mille feuille. The cream was light and not too rich. It was good to have this with the chocolate macaron since one was way sweeter and richer than the other.

Great experience, I would recommend checking Bardot out.
