rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A Food was decent, but nothing life-changing. Yes, I know it's supposed to be "simple French bistro food" and it was ok but...

Just because Thomas Keller got a lot of money to slap his name on it, you are not really eating at a Thomas Keller resto unless it's French Laundry or Per Se. This is just a very slightly higher-end La Madeleine with inflated Strip hotel prices. 

I gave it two stars because of the noise and flaky service. For food alone I'd easily give three maybe four. It's a cavernous space and they really try to pack 'em in and flip the tables as quickly as possible to generate volume, pretty much the antithesis of a what a genuine, relaxed bistro experience in France is like. The noise level was almost deafening. My dining companion was seated right across from me and we were literally shouting at each other during several points in the meal. A conversation was pretty much impossible and neither of us are hearing-impaired. Although my ears were ringing all that night after...this is absolutely not the place for a relaxed and intimate dinner. Don't be fooled into thinking that just because it's "French" food.

Courses came out at odd intervals and aside from when it was time for us to pay and run out (flip those tables!) our server just didn't seem to be very good at his job. Maybe he was having an off day, got caught in the weeds...but I honestly think in his case he's just a bad waiter. 

Started with a nice platter of oysters. They didn't make us sick so that's good. Not that I expected them to. 

My dining companion had the roast chicken which really was delicious and so well done. Chicken is usually one of the most boring things to order on any restaurant menu but this is an exception. If you've always wanted to try one of those flavorful, moist classic French roast chickens you've heard are so good, here is a place to start. My trout almandine was quality. Simply prepared and I liked it. The rhubarb cake dessert was tasty.

This was my first visit back to Bouchon after I had gone several times a few years ago. Prior to that it was always for breakfast and lunch. It's was less crowded and quieter at those times. However, service there has never been especially good and it suffers the endemic Strip celeb chef phoning it in for the tourists problem. 

I'd recommend going for lunch or breakfast (especially during the week if you can swing it) avoiding weekend dinner there and not setting your expectations for food and certainly not for service, all that high.
