rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A On our last trip to Las Vegas we read some reviews about Bouchon and decided to give it a shot. Without question there food is phenomenal. Everything we had was cooked to perfection. A welcomed shortcoming was how heavy the food sits in you belly afterwards. They render everything in fat and obviously use a lot of butter. That is in no way a knock. It's what you have to expect from a French restaurant, and it is delicious. 

Having had such a nice experience the first time, we decided to go back on our current trip to LV. This time it was quite comical going to Bouchon. It was roughly 9pm. We asked to sit at the bar, however, we had our infant and were told infants cannot be up at the bar. That was totally understandable. 

We sat at a high top just in front of the bar. We were pretty excited to eat here again. Our server, Kim was very nice and asked if she could move is to a lower table in order to accommodate our child. It wasn't a big deal to us to sit at a high top, but it felt like it would be more comfortable for our server to move. 

This is the hilarious part. There were several open tables throughout the restaurant. I even took pictures to note how many were open. However, instead of being taken to a table, the restaurant took a silverware linen and laid it flat on a small table. Guess where this small table was? They created us a table in the waiting room of the restaurant. LMAO!!!!! We couldn't believe it!!!! They actually brought glasses and silverware to create a table to resemble a table within the restaurant. However, as I said, instead of a table cloth we had a silver wear linen as our table cloth. Hahaha. 

If it wasn't so funny to us that they sat us in the waiting room I would have been embarrassed to have been sat there. As people left the restaurant they stared at us like lowly peddlers. Oh well, it has been to date the most unprofessional thing a restaurant has ever done to us, but it was funny. 

Five stars would be inline because the food is just so good. I was the only one to eat because we had earlier had dinner at another restaurant, but I ended up sacrificing the majority of my meal to my growing 10 month old. At Bouchon I ordered the duck confit and a side of sautéed spinach. Yum and yum. 

It's the kind of flavor that makes you close your eyes and take in all the flavor. If I was a beaver I would store the good in my cheeks so I could ration all that flavor in my mouth for a month. I wish I could describe it with the breath of a snobby food critic to do it justice. I suppose it's only fitting that the guy sat in the holding room writes to all the minions. 

As always, we recommend Bouchon. It's very good. Perhaps next time we will have a table setup in the restroom so as to be able to fill our own water glasses when we require more water. Bon a petit dude!
