rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A I ate here twice on my recent trip to Vegas for me and my GFs anniversary. We had Brunch on a Sunday and then dinner on one of the nights. This review/score is for both meals. 

Brunch- We flew into Vegas on a Sunday morning and went to Bouchon right after checking into our room (around 1pm). There was a 10 minute wait, but that went by in no time. My gf had the Breakfast Americaine which was 2 eggs, bacon, sausage, and a pastry of her choice (we got the sticky bun). I have to admit the eggs portions were tiny, it looked really tiny! The sausage was really good though! The sticky bun was pretty good, it was sweet had pecans all over it. My GF liked her meal overall. I got the Corn Beef Hash with 2 eggs. The Hash was quite good, I got my eggs sunny side up and the were cooked perfectly. When I broke the yolk of my egg and it mixed into the hash, it was heavy but in a good way. The Hash itself was actually pieces of diced meat and not the dog food looking stuff most diners serve. The meal was definitely heavy and would have been perfect if I was hungover! The bread they served with our meal was great and tasted really good with their butter and raspberry/cherry jam. It was a good breakfast overall, a nice start to our trip in Vegas. 

My GF decided to treat me to a Bouchon dinner for our anniversary. We had dinner at Bouchon on a Tuesday night and we were promptly seated for our 7:30pm reservation. It's a really nice atmosphere, and just a nice ambiance. I got the Steak and fries, and my GF got the Mussels and fries. I had heard about these fries based on various reviews, and how Tony Bourdain loved them, so I was really looking forward to the most hyped fries in the world. I got to say they were good! I couldn't stop eating them, they were pretty addictive, they were salty and crisp. My steak was just ok, I guess I am just not a huge fan of a French cooked steak so I am sure it was my tastes and not the way it was cooked. I didn't really like the butter/onion they put on it, but otherwise it was good, cooked really well and to my specifications (medium). My gf liked her mussels and went to work on them like a madwoman. There are quite a bit of mussels in that bowl, she liked them and was quite happy with her meal. The service was really really great! I can't remember our server's name but she was really professional and friendly. The bus boy or I should say bus man was efficient and nice as well. 

Overall, it was a great experience both times, the food was excellent and the service matched. I would definitely recommend Bouchon to anybody visiting Vegas and wants to have a nice meal.
