rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A One of the top restaurants I have to dine at before I die is Thomas Keller's French Laundry.. but since I can't go to Yountville, I was dying to go to Bouchon in Vegas.  I honestly did not expect to go there this weekend since I was spending my MLK weekend with a bunch of college students on a budget (myself included - and I am even more broke now) but after debating, we realized we did want to eat at a nice restaurant - I was thrilled.  However, I was also super nervous since not only were we all on a budget but I was with a bunch of boys who can't stand small proportions (they didn't complain thankfully). Naturally, Bouchon was completely booked so we showed up at 5:00 and crashed in the lounge.  It was actually kind of comfortable, we just hung out on the couches and snacked a little until we were hungry enough for dinner.

After nibbling on some of the bread (so good! warm and fresh), drinks, and the smoked salmon terrine (amazing! - they also brought out more croutons for us), we finally ordered dinner. Wow, the fries were so good. I usually don't eat fries but I was munching on everyone's fries around me.  I shared the trout with a friend, it wasn't too oily and the green beans were nice and tender.  I got to sample some of the steak, gnocchi, and mussels as well and all were superb.  I didn't get to try the salmon but my friend and fellow yelper, Doug K, who is normally a quantity over quality kinda guy said it was so good that his meal was definitely worth the quality over quantity.

Overall, service was pretty damn good for being a group of boisterous college students who weren't even seated at real tables.  I had a bad cold so they kept coming by to refill my pot of hot water which was really sweet :)  Our waittress came by to check on us several times to make sure we had enough space and whether or not we were ready for our food.  We were honestly there almost 3 hours just hanging out and they were super nice and made us feel very comfortable.  I can't wait to go back again except hopefully, I'll be able to get reservations next time.

Edit: Went here again with the boy WITH RESERVATIONS THIS TIME. It was amazing. Again. Lamb dish was a little too small but the duck confit hors d'oeuvre was incredible. As for the dessert, our waiter brought us something "off-the-menu" (Bouchons) and we gobbled it up in 30 seconds. absolutely delicious. I want to go back.. again, but there are so many other good restaurants in Vegas I have yet to try.  I suppose twice is more than enough.
