rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A I have heard of Thomas Keller before and his restaurant called "The French Laundry" (having grown up near wine country). When I heard of his restaurant in the Venetian called "Bouchon", I decided to get a sense of what Thomas Keller's cuisine tastes like. 

On my last day before departing Vegas, I decided to have my last meal at the Bouchon. I had to wait 30 min for a Sunday brunch, which I didn't think was too bad considering Sunday brunches are a popular time. 

Overall, I liked the ambiance of the place and the service. The servers were polite and attentive to you. While the general ambiance exudes a certain level of formality, it is completely acceptable to come in typical casual attire (shorts/flip-flops are fine for brunch). 

I ordered several items from the menu: le pain au chocolat (chocolate bread), le poulet et des gauffres (chicken and waffles), et les oeufs benedicts (benedict eggs). I have to say, every item on the menu nearly blew me away. I admit, I have not had many chicken and waffles in my life, but Keller's take on it is really exquisite; apparently, the preparation of the chicken takes 36 hours, and the waffes are infused with bacon chives. The chocolate bread was a type of croissant pastry with chocolate incorporated inside of it. The croissant was flaky but quite tasty (especially with their grape jam!) The chicken, unlike many chickens I have had in the past, was moist, succulent, and full of flavor; they definitely cooked the chicken to a perfect temperature. The waffles were crisp yet moist as well. The benedict eggs were amazing as well; the hollandaise sauce complemented the rich/tender eggs as well, and the ham underneath enhanced the taste of the eggs.  

I think what impressed me the most was how Bouchon was able to take rather simple ingredients (chicken, eggs, bread) and elevate it to a level that you typically don't encounter in everyday life (unless you're a culinary chef). If you're in Vegas and can make time to eat at the Bouchon, I'd highly recommend it.
