rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A So many myths floating around in many of the reviews of this fantastic restaurant.  We dined on a Saturday at 7.  It was easy to find (big letters spell out B-O-U-C-H-O-N above an elevator next to the front desk).  The hostesses were friendly and projected nothing but grace and hospitality.  The noise level was what you would expect and want in a bistro, and it was easy to converse across the table.  Table spacing is fine if not generous.  If anything, the noise level helps muffle the neighbors' conversation, and yours from them.  In short, there is nothing about the location, greeting, or seating arrangements that should deter you from visiting.  As an aside, the bar looks great -- beautiful counter, nice stools/chairs, and attractive wood and mirror fixture on the wall.

Now for the food: stupendously good.  Started with salmon and rillettes, with the salmon presented in a mini-mason jar (or something like that) from which a seal of clarified butter is removed table-side, opening up a truly delicious and generously sized salmon course.  Really quite fantastic.  The fellow next to us said he always orders this when he is in town.  My wife had the onion soup and pronounced it very fine, though frankly I wonder how high can onion soup really fly.  Tommy wants $9.50 for the soup, which seems pretty bold.  Passed on the seared foie gras starter (priced at $29) -- no reason to get carried away.

Had the mussels with pommes frites -- best mussels I have ever had.  Easily 30 mussels, only one dud.  Delicious and piping hot broth.  Fries were very fine, but not really amazing -- I've had better at a few places.  Nice to dip them in the broth.  Wife had the trout, which came with delicious almonds and green beans.  Was a big hit.  Passed on the $48 scallops, which adjoining tables ordered -- looked nice, but $60 bucks (figuring tip and tax) for five scallops and potatoes seemed silly.

Dessert -- ordered three mini-brownies with homemade ice cream on top (three flavors).  Delicious, wonderful, happiness-bringing: I hope to remember them fondly when I'm 100 and getting my dates mixed up.

One odd thing: the waiter.  Nice guy, knew his menu, but a little too casual, a couple of times coming close to the line of I'm-treating-you-casually-because-I-actually-think-you're-a-hick.  He poked me three or four times.  Poke in the side of my arm -- how're we doing here?  Poke in the back -- how's the salmon?  Dude, keep your freaking fingers out of my tendons!  And yet I am sticking with my 5 star rating, because the food was so good.  Bill for  two with starter, entree, dessert, one glass and one half-bottle of wine, and tea/coffee, including tip, was $200. Worth every penny.  I can't wait to go back, and when I do, I'll ask to sit in the no-poking zone.
