rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A One Sunday morning the monthly brunch crew decided to check Bouchon off of our list. It was a gorgeous morning as we made our way up the elevators. It's in a weird spot, but super easy to get to from the self parking garages. We were promptly seated on the patio. It featured a really cool little courtyard with a neat view of the hotel, since you're basically on a rooftop terrace in the middle of it.

We were not super impressed with their drink menu and had to ask if they had regular mimosas, for us basic girls. They did indeed but didn't include them on the menu, they only put their fancy drinks on there we were informed. We ordered an assorted pastry basket and some beignets because that's how we roll. We were informed by our waiter that they were established as a bakery so we definitely made a good decision. He gave us some choices and we settled on a cheese danish, some raspberry beignets, a chocolate almond croissant, and a cinnamon roll. The danish was meih, it wasn't traditional, was super flaky, and had a pile of frosting like cheese on top. I quickly moved on to the beignets, they were good but more like raspberry filled donuts, I wouldn't call them beignets, I mean they had granulated sugar on top, not even powdered sugar! The cinnamon roll was good, but would have been better heated. The surprise of the century for me was that my favorite pastry was the chocolate almond croissant. I could have easily eaten three by myself, but I settled for about half, since I had to share with 3 other ladies. The pastries were good, but not amazing. They were delivered with some fresh baked bread. The bread was delicious and I loved that it looked like leaves on a stem, it was easy to rip off a hunk for yourself. 

We moved on to real food! The omelette of the day sounded amazing, but I really wanted some fries so I settled on the Croque Madame. It was delicious and I scarfed it down without complaint. The fries were also great, just a little over salted for my tastes, but I love a good fry. 

This is a great place to have a white linen brunch without the pretentious attitude. It's the perfect spot for a girl's brunch!
