rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A I finally had dinner here after staying at the Venetian several times.  My friend and I ordered the escargots a la bourguignonne ($17.50 - red wine braised Burgundy snails w/ garlic butter & Bouchon pastry puff pastry);  petite plateau ($65 - a seafood tower w/ a 1/2 lobster, 8 oysters, 4 shrimp, 4 clams and 8 mussels; gigot d'Agneau ($33.95 - roasted leg of lamb w/ wilted cavolo nero, garden rhubarb, nicoise olives, crispy panisse and lamb jus); and saumon poele ($36.50 - sauteed Scottish salmon ministra w/ manila clams, salsify, oyster mushrooms and young artichokes - not pictured).

The escargots were the best ones I have ever had.  In most restaurants the garlic and butter overpower the snails.  Not in this case.  The snails were large, uber fresh, super tender and their was just enough sauce to flavor the snails:  5 Stars.  The seafood tower was also excellent.  The seafood was uber fresh and the star of the tower was the oysters and clams.  The brininess of the ocean where each oyster came from stood out:  5 Stars.  Our entrees were very good.  The gigot d'Agneau was very well thought out by chef Thomas Keller.  The lamb was medium rare and the combination of sweetness of the cavolo nero (an Italian kale), and the tartness of the olives went well w/ the strong flavor of the lamb.  The crispness of the panisse (a chickpea flourcake) also contrasted nicely.  I did not snap a pic of my friend's salmon but he said it was very good also.

To accompany the meal we ordered a 1/2 bottle of Louis Jadot Beaune Theurons Pinot Noir ($50).  My friend is a wine connoisseur and he never steers us wrong.  The wine was excellent and the winery is one of the renowned ones in this region in France that produces light, fruity wines that go well w/ meat, seafood and cheese:  5 Stars.

The only downside to the meal was the service was spotty.  We arrived early and we went to have drinks in the bar.  We didn't see a waiter so I went to the bar.  There were two bartenders and one managerial type.  It took a while for one of the two bartenders to notice me.  In addition, when I asked to charge it to my room, the bartender said I had to fill out some slip - WTF?!?!?!  When I checked in the person said I could use my keycard to pay for meals, et al.  I ended up using my credit card.  Secondarily, when we were seated the hostess tried to put us in a table for two next to a post.  The seat next to the post did not have much hip room.  My friend and I are both 6'2" and 225+.  We asked to be seated at a table for four and the hostess displayed a bit of displeasure.  Come on girl!!!  It was not that busy and we were going to drop $300 - We deserved a large enough table to hold our Petite Plateau!!!  Lastly, the shrimp were not peeled and the lobster was not cracked.  We understood the foregoing because the chef wants to demonstrate the freshness of the seafood.  However, when we mentioned it to the waiter, all he did was apologize vs offering a solution.  I said OK, and ate the lobster head like a "Hombre de Cavernas", much to the chagrin of some clients.  F*ck em!!!  I wanted to get all the meat out:  2 Stars on service.

The ambiance is excellent.  There is a fresh seafood bar on your left when you walk in.  The bar is also very nice with a large clock in background.  Lastly, the restaurant reminds you of Bistro in Paris:  5 Stars.

I will definitely come back to Bouchon when I am in Vegas.  I always stay at the V, so Bouchon is easy to find on the 10th floor.
