rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A Bouchon is open for brunch Saturdays and Sundays with a menu that features a mix of Thomas Keller breakfast and lunch  inspired dishes. The fiance and I did a power wake-up early Sunday morning to ensure  non-queue walk-in status. Boom. We were seated right away and started our morning the correct way with coffee and bellinis. The coffee, referred to as "a medium roast European blend" was exceptionally smooth. The bellinis were of the classic nature, with peach nectar, bubbly and a raspberry floater - juicy and refreshing. To go with our beverages, we ordered a few pastries. The featured beignets, filled with fresh raspberry purée, were good, although I was expecting that hot-cooked dough sensation as opposed to something that had been made a few hours ago. We also ordered a pumpkin muffin (before the squash goes extinct for the next 10 months, which we ended up saving for a to-go snack to make room for the mains). 

An epi baguette was delivered to our table escorted by fresh butter and strawberry preserves. The bread had a pleasantly crunchy crust and a chewy crumb to it. 

Chicken and Waffles. The bacon-chive waffles were that savory sweet species. You know those mornings where you can't decide if you're feeling like something sweet and charming or like something meaty that will power you through for the rest of the day? These waffles help make that decision for you: drool inducing hits of bacon and a little tang from the chive all smoothed out with sweet waffle batter which is improved in it entirety with Tahitian vanilla bean butter served on the side. The chicken is roasted as opposed to the classical fried chicken and waffles combination. The end result deemed to be juicy and flavorful.

Quiche Due Jour: which apparently happens to be Florentine more often than not at the Vegas location. I am most likely ruined from all other quiches after this one with its healthy dose of spinach and garlic suspended in creamy custard bordered by a flaky buttery crust. A perfectly made quiche. The salad was coated in a red wine (read: raw onion) vinaigrette - buyer beware - my head turned in to a breathing onion odorizer. A shot of listerine should be served upon completion of this dish. Or maybe Thomas Keller just wants to leave a lasting impression. Nonetheless it was a fantastic meal and I would gladly return for brunch at any of their locations I happen to be.
