rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A A friend and I went back for brunch this time--no reservations but only a 30 minute wait when we got there around 11:30am. :) Not bad! This was on Sunday over Labor Day weekend.

We shared Classic Beignets, she ordered the Eggs Benedict special (artichoke hearts, heirlooms tomatoes and other veggies), and I got the chicken and waffles. We also each ordered mimosas!

Okay, the food was awesome. I want to eat those beignets every. single. day. for the rest of my life. Seriously. They come with nutella and homemade jam! How can you go wrong?? They're also the lightest and fluffiest beignets I've ever eaten. FIVE STARS for those!

Special Benedict: I only tried a bite, but the bite I did have was awesome. perfectly creamy sun-dried tomato hollandaise! Also, the potatoes that came with her dish were awesome. Not sure what they were called, but they were cubed and looked/tasted deep-fried. :D 4 STARS! She also ordered a side of bacon, which was generous, and TASTY, though can you really go wrong with bacon?

Chicken and Waffles: omg. HOW do they keep that chicken so moist and tender and delicious?! Best roasted chicken ever. The waffles were good, but for having bacon and chives inside, were a little light in the flavor department. Doesn't matter though, because the gravy that's served with the dish (alongside your typical maple syrup, which I passed on) is AMAZING. Rich but tart, with pieces of fatty meat (I'm thinking pork belly?) and little chunks of indiscernible veggies. Incredible flavor. 5 STARS, easy.

Mimosas were 12.50 each, which I thought was steep, but I guess that's Vegas for you! No stars off for this, but I'll pass on the mimosas next time.

As for ambiance, it could have been a teeny bit better. We were seated outside (no one asked if we wanted to or not), and while I LOVE dining al fresco, sweet baby jesus, THIS IS VEGAS. THE DESERT. How can you seat people outside when it's 100 degrees out?! No outdoor fans/misters either, just umbrellas and the shade of the hotel. 1 star off for this.

Overall, I'll definitely be back, if only to stuff my face with those sweet, heavenly beignets, covered with nutella and jam.
