rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A My girlfriend and I had planned a trip to Las Vegas about 6 months ago and Bouchon had been on our list of places to eat since we are a bit on the "foodie" side and really wanted to try a Thomas Keller restaurant. We made reservations for our first night in Vegas which happened to be a Monday evening. 

I received a confirmation call earlier in the day which I appreciate. We arrived around twenty minutes early for our 9pm reservation hoping to get a drink at the bar first. Upon arrival, they told us our table would be ready shortly and pointed us to the bar. 

The decor and ambiance of the restaurant was as I had suspected it to be. Music playing but not too loud and the decor fit well with the french feel but not too old feeling. The bartenders were quick in getting us a cocktail menu and we were served within minutes of sitting down. The cost of drinks was no more than any other high class restaurant and were delicious. My Bulleit Manhattan was delicious and made perfectly. At 9 o'clock exactly, our table was ready and we were seated. 

Our waiter was very nice from the get go and always attentive. He offered up a few suggestions as well. We ended up having a bottle of wine which the sommelier brought to our table. Being big duck fans, we ordered the Confit de Canard which was crispy duck leg with soft yellow polenta, hen-of-the-wood mushrooms & a red wine duck jus. The duck was prepared to perfection and the polenta and mushrooms added some various textures to it with the duck jus giving it a nice bite. We were very pleased.

For our meals, my girlfriend ordered the Gnocci which will melt on your fork if you don't get it in your mouth quick enough and I mean that in a great way. It was probably the best Gnocci I've had. Not too soft and not too hard and the brown butter sauce was simple yet delicious. I decided to mix it up and get chicken which I rarely ever do. It was the waiters suggestion as they are well known for their Poulet Rôti. It was worth mixing it up as I thoroughly enjoyed the dish. 

Being on vacation, we wanted to try as much as we could so we made sure to save room for dessert. We tried the Profiteroles which while being pretty basic, still hit the spot. I have to give extra points to them as well because they have a Cigar To Go menu with the desserts. Prices weren't too bad either considering what you would pay elsewhere on the strip.

Overall it was a great meal. Service was good. Not exactly memorable but got the job done and had no issues. Food was spectacular if you are looking for a good fine dining cuisine. Ambiance and atmosphere was classy and fun and perfect for Vegas fine dining.  I recommend it and cant wait to try another Thomas Keller restaurant soon.
