rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A I am really disappointed in you Buchon! I've dined here many times (at least 6+) while staying at the Venetian and the Palazzo, never a problem. 

During my trip to Vegas in March I was excited to go back to Buchon, and to bring friends who had never been before. After hearing me rav about the great food and service, the bar had been set. We had an 7:30pm reservation on a Wednesday night, showed up right on time, and it was packed, not to mention LOUD! I honestly do not remember it ever being so loud here before, we could barely hear the hostess when we were talking to her. 

Our table wasn't ready, and we asked for as quiet of a table as possible, given the noise level. We had to wait about 10 minutes and when we were finally sat down, we had to have been placed at the loudest table in the restaurant- we were a table of 2 in the middle of 3 tables of 6 each. Needless to say, we were not happy, but we were hungry, so we stayed. 

Our waiter was much more interested in the larger groups around us, than in paying any attention to us, so because of that we had no less than 4 different waiters through out the night, one of whom I think was actually a manager. We were served water and bread/nuts right away, but waited about 25mins for a server (not the one that introduced himself to us) to finally took our drink order. Since we were afraid this new server might not come back, we ordered our drinks, apps, and entrees all at the same time- also worth mentioning, after a long day of flying, we were famished and told the waiter we would like to eat as quickly as possible! 

I ordered an Absinthe (my go to pre-dinner drink any time I'm at a decidedly French establishment). I should've changed my order to wine when the server (now possibly the manager??) asked me to repeat my order ("Absinthe please. ABSINTHE! A_B_S_I_N_T_H_E!!") 3 times, including spelling it once, and she still looked REALLY confused. 

It took 30 minutes for our apps to arrive, and they still arrived prior to our drinks, which is a big service flaw for me- drinks ALWAYS first, not to mention the crazy wait times. Terrible. The apps were terrible escargot with puffed pastry that was super dry, oily, and flavorless followed by flavorless onion soup. It literally tasted like warm, oily water and the cheese was rubbery.

The drinks finally came (my friend had a glass of Merlot, and then of course my "Absinthe"), and the Manager lady prepared my drink for me- water, sugar, absinthe- you know the routine. Well, apparently she didn't, because her ratio was way off, and when I told her to stop adding water, she admitted that this was her first time serving/mixing absinthe. And it showed. 

It was by far the worst drink of my trip, and hands down worst absinthe I've had anywhere in the world. Just nasty. I took two sips and didn't bother to finish it. Had we had a good waiter, or ANY waiter, they would've surely noticed, and asked if there was a problem. 

We finally got our entrees about 1.5hrs after we sat down (An hour after our apps were cleared- no servers checked in with us at all during that time). We were so hungry at this point, that we literally lost our desire to eat. It was just a running joke- you ask for a quiet table, you get the loudest one there. You ask for quick service, you get the worst service ever. 

Then we looked down and realized we never got replacement silverware after our appetizers, so we couldn't eat our $50 entrees even if we had wanted to. Since we had no waiter to check on us, it took another 10 minutes to flag down the water guy to bring us silverware. Such a debacle. 

So by this time our entrees were luke warm at best, and we forced them down. We had such a sour taste after the terrible service all night, we literally just wanted to get out of the restaurant as quickly as possible. 

It took another 35mins once we were done eating to flag someone down to bring us a check, at which point we were so frustrated we couldn't help but start laughing. Luckily we had cash, because we were afraid paying by credit card would take another hour of our night. We paid and ran out of there, totally disappointed by what used to be a GREAT restaurant. I was totally embarrassed as I was the one that suggested Bouchon, and I can guarantee you I will never be back, nor will I ever recommend this place again. Terrible evening, and a waste of WAY too many hours.
