rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A This was my first visit to any of Thomas Keller's restaurants and I can't wait to try the others. We had to catch a show so we ate an early dinner right when they opened at 5pm. It seems like a lot of people also go here from brunch, so I can't wait to try that next time! 

He ordered the special artichoke appetizer and the chicken. 
The artichoke hearts were lightly breaded and fried. The batter was very light and was not oily at all. There was a pimentel aioli to dip and tiny slivers of olives as well. The watercress on the top was a nice touch too. 

The chicken was probably the best roast chicken we've ever had. The skin was crispy and the meat was extremely juicy. The jus was so flavorful and I could not resist dipping my bread into it! The server informed us that the chicken was in a brine and then left to rest for 24 hours before being roasted. It was served over 

Having eaten a late lunch only a couple hours before, I ordered the house salad and the special crab appetizer (so adventurous, I know). I wish I ordered more, but did not want to feel the guilt of wasting food that took so long and so much care to prepare. 

The house salad was full of fresh mixed greens, topped with a round of herb goat cheese, and tossed with a red wine vinaigrette with shallots. It was amazingly light and very generously portioned. 

The crab appetizer was a cold platter with a large claw and leg. It was served with lemon and 3 sauces, 2 of which we were sure were the same. They tasted almost exactly the same. One was a mustard and the other was your typical marinara sauce. 

The dessert was the absolute best part of the meal. It was the special of the day. The bottom layer was Thomas Keller's own "oreo cookie", topped with a mint-infused bavarian cream full of chocolate crunch balls. Then there was some sort of sponge-like layer over the whole thing. It was to die for. There was a mint streak on the plate and a double chocolate ice cream as well. This was a euphoric moment to have this with a cup of strong black coffee.
