rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A Service: Normally I start my reviews with the food, however, this being Bouchon, my service expectations are high. My mom was visiting from the Bay Area with her boyfriend, so we took them to Thanksgiving dinner here. Our waiter, Michael, was shockingly rude. Maybe his dog just died, or he was pissed that he had to work on Thanksgiving, but he did not even introduce himself.  He seemed annoyed that we didn't want to order any drinks. He was short and brusque with us. I asked for a kids menu and he said we don't have one. That's it. When I called to make the reservation and even asked the hostess when we arrived, they said they would have something for the kids. After much prodding, he admitted that they could make a half order of anything on the menu. In the end, I got her a half order of steak and fries with ketchup which she enjoyed.

When my husband asked, how big is the dinner size? His response - "dinner sized." WOW. Just wow. This is how they train people at Bouchon? I'm dropping 4 bills for this???? Beyond rude and unpolished. 

Only after my mom's boyfriend chatted him up about the Bouchon in Yountville (which they frequent) and other dishes, did he seem to loosen up a bit.

Food: Thanksgiving Menu dinner
pork belly with red-wine braised cabbage and persimmon - amazing composition of flavors
turkey w/stuffing, pumpkin croquettes, cranberry-apple relish, gravy - this was just ok. The dark meat was good and serving large, but overall it was a bit dry, salty and the croquettes were overcooked.
creme brulee - this was tasty and creamy
bread pudding - served deconstructed. I'm glad he actually told us this as my mom ordered it anyway, but I was glad I didn't because I prefer traditional bread pudding. She thought is was excellent though.

Ambiance: Loud. It was very difficult to hear and hold a conversation. My throat was sore by the end of the night.

Location: this restaurant is hard to find and the entrance to get to the elevators to get there is awkwardly located near the check-in lobby.

Given the plethora of high-end dining options in Vegas and the lack of customer experience here, I will be passing on dining here in the future.
