rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A Located on the tenth floor of the Venetian in Las Vegas, you'll find Thomas Keller's Bouchon. This restaurant defines luxury dining in Las Vegas. The beautiful decor is the perfect setting. From the French pewter bar, elegant dark wooden chairs, antique light fixtures to the vibrant mosaic floor. Never visiting Paris, I would imagine this is what a Paris Bistro is like, with a distinctive homey feel. Why is Bouchon the epitome of luxury?

The service is definitely praise worthy. Our server was very knowledgeable and genuinely friendly. Servers are dressed like someone you'd see in a French painting. White collar shirts, black vests and a long white apron knotted at the back. Managers patrol the room, lurking over each table, checking if anything needs doing.

Our server then introduces us to our sommelier for the evening. He couldn't be a better choice. He was knowledgeable and very enthusiastic about wine, but without pretentiousness. Bouchon only carries local wines, which is quite surprising considering they're a French Bistro. Nonetheless, they're very particular with the California wines they choose. The wines are selected in barrel from the cellars of the finest wine makers California has to offer, and are exclusive to the restaurant.

The menu is a single folded sheet of brown paper; it is, for the most part, a very standard traditional menu. With the daily special chalked on a blackboard. Not expecting anything less, we're served promptly. As the server walked through the dining room, a couple gazed to see what she was serving. The steam, and the wonderful scents catch their attention. It's Thomas Keller's famous French Onion Soup. After one taste of this soup, I knew it was on my favorite's list. Intense flavors, a beautiful balance of sweet and salty, and topped with caramelized gruyere cheese.

My main entree was a treat for the eyes. Colorful and well put together. Gigot d' Agneau, a very rustic dish originating from the south of France. Perfectly cooked lamb, just under medium, served on a cassoulet of pole beans, and topped with pickled lambs tongue. Finally, it's topped with savory infused lamb jus (juice). A party for the palate! 

Last but not least, dessert is served. I decided to go with one of my favorite traditional French treats. Marquis ou Chocolate. Dark chocolate mousse with burnt orange cream. This French treat is like eating a giant truffle. Not only did the orange add a bejeweled touch, its citrus notes brightened the chocolate. However, I did expect more flavor from the dark chocolate itself. I had a hard time finding the bitter notes of cocoa, and still this dish makes a strong magnificent statement.

Looking around you don't see any plates going back untouched, to say the least. Tom Keller's ideas on how to meet French techniques with a California sense are intact. This contemporary yet sophisticated Bistro has made my top ten faves. After my experience, I will be back expecting nothing less. I hear Tom's brunch is something spectacular!
