rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A Oh, Thomas Keller, you disappoint me!  While I still aspire to try French Laundry, I thought that I could sample Keller's fare at Bouchon to appease me until I can get that elusive French Laundry reservation.  

We decided to have dinner at Bouchon before we went to see Le Reve at the Wynn.  I thought it would be a nice way to start off the evening.  Boy, I was wrong.

I ordered an arnold palmer.  When I tasted it, I thought it tasted off.  It was tropical iced tea with lemonade.  I asked our server if they had plain iced tea and he said no.  Who the hell makes an arnold palmer with tropical iced tea???  It was all downhill from there.

The soup special was chilled tomato soup.  With the temps in Vegas topping 110 degrees, a chilled soup sounded great.  When it arrived, I was puzzled.  I was expecting a pureed tomato soup or a gazpacho.  What I got was a clear broth, with pieces of small, pear shaped red and yellow tomatoes and croutons.  It would have been fine had it tasted good.  But the soup tasted nothing of tomatoes and had this strange oiliness to it.  

I ordered mussels and fries and my BF had steak and fries.  I have to say, like the previous reviewer, the best thing I ate that night was the fries.  The wine sauce with the mussels was too salty.  I tried the steak and it was nothing special.  A large part of it was also severely undercooked for what was supposed to be medium rare.  My BF left a good portion of it untouched.  We also ordered a side of mac-n-cheese, which was an abomination.  The pasta was so overcooked that it was soggy.  No toasty crust, no cheezy goodness.  How hard is it to make mac-n-cheese?  At $6.50 for a tiny portion, you'd be better off buying six boxes of Kraft's mac-n-cheese and making it at home.

We didn't have time to have dessert and decided to have coffee instead.  It came with a side of steamed milk.  I asked for cream and the busboy insisted that it was cream.  No, it was milk.  I've drank enough coffee to know the difference between milk and cream.  Whatever, I was done with Bouchon anyway.

I didn't see much of the restaurant and of what I did see, it was nicely decorated.  Our server was largely indifferent.  For a restaurant of that caliber, I expect better service.

The only saving grace was that we had a $20 voucher from the Venetian for our dinner.  Even with the discount, it was a very underwhelming experience.
