rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A This place, while fronting as upscale is just snobby. 4 separate waitstaff for the area we were seated in, totally unnecessary cuz I saw them all standing around at once. Tables packed too close, and food over priced. While our waitstaffer Rosemary was pretty attentive, and nice, I just felt overwhelmed in a bad way. 

So more breakdown, food: because the only thing which sounded worth eating was the benedict, I went for that. Usually I'll order a benedict. Well the first egg was WAY overcooked. It was almost hardboiled instead of poached. (And I am not being picky, I can make better at home). Only the second one was sort of poached. But by the time I got to the 2nd, it was cold. The ham, was just giant chunks. It would have seemed more appropriate for an expensive place to do thinner slices layering delicately. It doesn't matter what kind of ham it is. Quick back track on the eggs; if the ham hadn't been so hard to eat and first egg hadn't been over cooked, I would have gotten to the 2nd more quickly. Again, sadly I could have made this at the timeshare for $6. 

Also tried bacon, ok portion for price. Bacon made me feel better. Tea wasn't straightforward chamomile, but ok whatever, again upscale tries-too-hard. Side 'mixed greens' was sad small, with onions? And more onions?  I ate it because I paid for it, but bleh. And those mini-pickles were hard to eat and sour. 

Friend got the blueberry muffin, looked good, but way too flaky and messy. Decent prices for those of course.

Service: again, perfectly great, attentive. But packed us in like sardines, can't see the waitstaff asking about what we'd like, have to turn around, crane my neck, etc. After walking down the strip and being racially insulted, it was a pain.  She made a valiant effort (all Stars go to her) with extra jam, friend asked for it for bread. Also table was so small, it was hard to eat comfortably, with all of the large plates.

General, seems they only have daily options, not really solid consistent options, aside from certain things on the menu. The baguette bread was harder than baguettes I'm used to, really really messy. No opportunity to enjoy the bread itself when all we could taste was butter and jam to soften, and crunchy shell.

My tea, bacon, and sad eggs benedict was $38 after tip, not even 18% tip. Just no. So for that price, I have no plans to ever return. This was my friend's wish to go there. 

Side note, the people we sat down next to in the beginning were really nice, but they didn't stay after eating. We immediately got stuck between 2 rude couples. Girl to my right was insanely rude, and kept staring at my friend and rolling her eyes and making snide comments about EVERYTHING, even the waitstaff trying to be accommodating to her ever- changing needs. And the other, crazy talking really loudly about her personal business. I got her full life story. If you want snooty gossip vibe, go for it! More power to you.

Again, I have no plans to return unless I'm sitting at the  bar away from people. I like relaxing vacations. FYI, comparison vibe, I was so much happier near the people we sat by at the M resort buffet.
