rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A Last Saturday, 2/28/2012, my friend and I came here for brunch that ended up being a lunch because the wait was long, but it was well worth the wait. The nice part about wait was their waiting room with tables and chairs. After the wait, the friendly hostess greeted us and brought us to our table. Along the way to our table, it was nice seeing the oysters displayed in the windows of the oyster bar. I also enjoyed the sunlight coming in from the large windows from the side of the building. There were a lot of tables everywhere and each one was packed. Barely a minute passed and we were immediately greeted by our server to get our drink orders. Our nice server was so sweet getting information from the oyster bar about the tastes and sizes of different orders. It took us a while to decide, but our server was so sweet and she didn't make a fuss about having to come back so many times and getting us more information. One sad part was that I was having a hard time understanding her through her accent.

Right after we ordered we were given freshly baked bread shaped like wheat as well as strawberry jam and butter to compliment it. The bread was toasted and fluffy on the inside; the butter was sweet, salty, and fluffy; the jam was sweet and tangy. Right after our drinks came out: The strawberry field was sweet with a dry aftertaste and the berries floating inside were edible but tasted only like alcohol; the D'Agistan had a nice orange peel that added a nice scent when you bring the glass to your face. The drink had a nice sweet forefront then a bitter taste which was followed by a grand marnier after taste. The blood and sand drink tasted like a sweet Johnnie Black with a citrus aftertaste. I don't know if I really enjoyed this one but the other two were delicious (this could be because I'm not a fan of Johnnie Black though).The Kumamoto and Hama Hama oysters were fresh and delicious. They came with a ponzu type of sauce that was sweet and tangy with minced onion. Our fois gras order was misunderstood and our server gave us a full serving rather than half, which was odd, but it was still good. I'm not a fan of cold fois gras, but this one was really different. It was served in a jar with butter on top to preserve the fois gras underneath. I liked it better without the butter on top and my friend enjoyed it with the butter. They give you a side of salt and thin strips of crunchy bread for you to enjoy with the dish. The dish tasted and acted like a really buttery pate that melted not only in the jar but in your mouth as well. I thought this was well worth trying. The mushroom soup was really different. It tasted like pureed mushrooms that had a delicious mushroom and broth taste. The oil and crème fraiche with herbs that was served on top of the soup added a nice flavor to the soup. The white sausage with eggs and a croissant was delicious. The sausage had a nice grilled outside and the inside was so tender and juicy that it felt like it melted in my mouth. The sauce was really savory and delicious, but I wish I had more of it! The eggs were nice and fluffy and tasted good.

Overall, the food was delicious and well worth the wait. Our server was a major sweetheart, really attentive, and answered all of our questions thoroughly despite the fact that the place was so packed. No complaints! I can't wait to come here again to try more of their delicious food!
