rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A My biggest problem with Vegas restaurants, well specifically those on the Strip, is execution. I'm simply tired of overpriced and poorly executed celebrity chef restaurants that look dressed up and ready for the prom, but deliver a night at home in front of the Playstation. 

There are however a few exceptions that consistently bring it because they focus on the basics. Now before all you Vegas snobs get your underwear in a knot; I base my Vegas dining on what I know, what's recommended and what I read. I'm willing to branch out and try new places, but I can't justify spending $400 on a 16 course degustation menu at Joel Robuchon on current budget.

With that said, I was fortunate enough to be staying at the Venetian during my last trip and upon arrival, immediately dumped my bags and headed downstairs to Bouchon for a seat at the bar. Bouchon is the vision of world-renowned chef Thomas Keller of Napa's French Laundry fame. Fashioned after the original Bouchons of Lyon after which it was modeled, Bouchon just delivers great rustic bistro classics with only the best seasonal ingredients. The food, which I will get to in a minute, is awesome, but the bread and butter. Holy bleep. I wanted to curl up in bed with it - so good. My app featured pork belly sausage with anise, new crop potato salad, medjool dates & roasted shallot vinaigrette. Dinner was roasted leg of lamb with a ragout of coco beans, piquillo peppers, merguez sausage and lamb jus. Everything was spot on and i washed it all down with several glasses of Hall 05' Cab. 

Basically Bouchon was so good, I ended up there for breakfast the next three days in a row. It won best breakfast in Las Vegas for a reason. Breakfast eats included: corned beef hash with two eggs over medium and brioche toast; white sausage with scrambled eggs, croissant and beurre noisette; and a spinach and bacon quiche. And the aforementioned bread and butter was also taken down at breakfast with crazy good in-house cherry preserves. 

Bouchon is about as good as Vegas dining gets. Big fan. Will go back again and again when in town.
