rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A Hope you will find this restaurant easier than I did.  My husband and I had a bit of a maze like journey to find the bistro.  First go to the reception/check in area of the Venetian as it is nowhere close to the casino.  Find the elevator closest to the reception and go down one level.  Take a left and down the hall to the right is the restaurant.

The hostess here needs to find a new job.  I don't think she enjoys her job much and it left a negative feeling with the little time I had to interact with her.  Anyway, she first said the wait was 15 minutes with no one else waiting.  Within 3 minutes she told me my table was ready and without any other communication or doing anything other than setting the menu on the table she left as fast as she could.  Her presence can be described as cold as ice.  Thankfully our waiter was much much nicer.  He was very attentive and shared his suggestions. Too bad I can't remember his name now.

I was excited to try this restaurant after the glowing reviews for brunch.  My husband and I ordered the special of the day - escargot.  It was good and came with a small puff pastry on top of each piece of snail.  It tasted great.  This time I didn't do my homework so we asked our waiter for suggestions.  I love pastries so I got the assortment of 4 pastries.  My waiter informed me apple and almond croissants arent on  the menu but can be ordered.  Along with those two I also got the raisin and chocolate croissant.  The apple is really good and would get it again.  The other three were disappointing as my hometown of Seattle has better.  

For our meal my husband ordered the Poulet et des Gaufres and I got the Croquet Madame as our waiter said they were the two most popular items.  My husband liked the flavor of his chicken but found the breast meat to be dry while the dark meat was good.  The waffles were also great since he loves savory foods and they were nice and fluffy.  My Croquet Madame was eh.  I felt the bread was a bit too toasted for my liking.  Not sure I will be back.  

For those who want to try their macarons you can save your receipt from brunch and go to their bakery on another date to buy and save 20% off their bakery.  They have two bakeries around the hotel, one off the Vegas Blvd, where I went.  I ended up getting each macaron flavor and even a juice.  All were 20% off so definitely keep it and buy it the day you go back home on your plane/car.  But the macarons at Chantal Guillon in Palo Alto, CA is still my favorite.
