rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A There are only a few places in Las Vegas that I'd shell out for a good meal, and Bouchon is one of them.

If you 've been to the Bouchon in California then the first thing you'll notice is that the deco is exactly the same: high ceilings, art deco furnishing, black and white tiled floor with splashes of tall greens here and there. It is a delight admiring the attire of the servers who are all uniformly dressed in black satin vests over the pressed-white dress-shirts.  The look is accented with a full piece of ankle-length, clean-white clothes secured on the back with an elegant twist.  

The lovely maitre'd whisked me to a table and I was quickly served with the same grain-shaped, freshly-baked bread accompanied by fluffy savory butter.  My server's name was Brendon, a hearty gentlemen adorned with those old-school glasses like in Mad Men.  Having eyes that are always too big for my stomach and with a greedy heart of wanting to sample everything, I turned to him for recommendations.  

Without hesitation, Brandon recommended the foie gras (2.5oz), and decided on the tomato salade to freshen up the palate before we move onto the entrée of the day.  

The 2.5oz foie grais with sea salt came with neatly-stacked and golden toast strips.  To my surprise it was served in a small container where the top is covered with a thin layer of fat.  The server scooped out the surface fat and left me alone to enjoy the dish.  Scooping out the foie gras required a bit of a maneuverer since it was chilled in solid form, but the little pieces of it that fell out of my spoon quickly melted into, for a lack of better word, fat, on my plate.  It is truly a delightful indulgence - a smooth, rich, flavorful piece that fills your mouth.  This dish is best to be shared between two people. 

Tomato Salad is comprised of fresh tomatoes of various sizes and colors are cut in half, tossed in light vinaigrette and plated beautifully on a grand piece of 'melon'. 

All the staff was very attentive and my water glass was never half-full.  The server came around to take away the pistachio shells (did I mention they were warm and toasty when they were served?).

The last dish was the special of the day: Plum sauce with basil infusion and dabs of fresh young goat cheese surrounding the tender....I almost burst into tears when I had this.  Everything was married together perfectly in a joyous dance. 

Just as I thought the dinner was done, Brendon came around and placed a dessert spoon on the table: "Got something sweet for you." I widened my eyes in disbelief, wow! Compliment of the house! The dessert was Pot-de-Cream with lemon jelly coating accompanied by two short-bread cookies dusted in fine sugar. My heart leaped up when I had the first scope; like the foie gras, silky smooth and full of flavour.  And for contrast I alternated between bites of the cookies and scoops of the pot-de-cream.

All in all, I look forward to the next time I dine at Bouchone.  If you get there before me, please say hello to Brandon.  

Bon appetito~
