rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A We've eaten before at Bouchon and were very happy, so we were looking forward to another great meal.  Didn't happen.  Firstly, we had to wait about 20 minutes, even though we had reservations.  

We were seated, and ordered cocktails.  They brought out the bread and butter and water.  The waiter came and took our order for apps, dinner and the wine we wanted with dinner.  After a bit of a wait a server brought out a dish with a small ramekin of something and pieces of toast.  Since we couldn't hear what the server said (it is noisy in there), we wondered if it was my husband's first course.  And if so, why did they not bring out my salad with it?  

Then two glasses of wine appeared.  Still no cocktails.  We asked about the dish the server brought and were told it was pate, an amuse bouche.  A crock of pate with toast is not an amuse bouche.  It is rich and filling, not a light, two bite amuse bouche.  We asked again about the cocktails and asked that the wine be removed and served with dinner.  It was white wine and we didn't want it warm by the time dinner came around, especially when we were still hoping the cocktails would show up.  

Then a server brought the first course,  a bleu cheese salad and an Alsatian tart.  The tart did not look like what we had envisioned, so my husband asked about it, and the server said, "you know, the PIZZA."  :O  So really, it was flatbread.  Tasty enough, but nothing special.  My salad was fine, there were a lot of bleu cheese chunks in it, but it wasn't really good bleu cheese.  Not the good stuff.  Please Bouchon...give me less bleu cheese but let it be creamy and flavorful.  

The waiter came by, we asked again about the cocktails.  They finally appeared after the first course and just before the entrée.  Fine, whatever.  Dinner came, along with the wine.  My dinner was great, moules, fresh, sweet with a lovely sauce, and *that is the only reason this is not a two star review*.  My husband's choucroute was ok, the meat was an odd texture but tasted good, the cabbage was very bland. 

I passed on dessert and had some of my husband's blueberry tart.  It was a tart on a plate.  Tart, plate.  It was dense, bland, and not much blueberry flavor.  But the presentation was sooo lacking...what about some crème anglaise swirled on the plate, topped with the tart and some fresh blueberries and mint, or some little, tiny bit of effort? 

While our waiter seemed pleasant and capable, the timing and the service was off, and it was offputting. There were long intervals between courses.  The food was uneven.  

It seems like Bouchon is not trying anymore.  

It was $180 for the two of us, so I feel they were well rewarded for their lackadaisical service and so-so food.  I really hope that they are not just resting on their laurels, but that's how it seemed to me.  Maybe we will give them another chance, but since there are so many dining alternatives in Las Vegas, we probably won't.
