rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A First of all, I am not the type to be harsh or critical when it comes to dining. However, this experience at Bouchon leaned so far toward the negative that I felt inclined to leave a review. 

We came in with a group of five, and the general vibe our waitress made us all feel uncomfortable. It would be understandable if only one or two of us felt this way, but the fact that five out of five of us felt the similar way about her without us sharing our feelings prior, definitely points to the direction that she was mistreating us. It seemed like she was interacting with us in a condescending manner, as if she felt we did not belong there. If that was all it was, then it would not have been a big deal at all.

However, it took us over 45 minutes to receive our food, and we had only ordered three dishes. My friends ordered a medium-rare steak and fries dish, and it was completely raw and the outer parts were burnt. While picking at it, our waitress asked us how our food was, and they responded that it was a little too rare. She proceeded to tell them to "put it on" while extending a plate to them. There was no apology nor word of reassurance that the matter would be resolved. When she brought it back, it was chewy, tasted like charcoal, and about a medium well-done. 

My boyfriend and I ordered a Croque Madame, and when we received it (over five minutes before our friends' food) it was completely cold and the bread was stale. Don't get me wrong, it would have been amazing if fresh and warm. However, what was brought out to us was cold, clumpy, and had the consistency of play-doh. 

The other dish we ordered, a pudding-based French toast, was underwhelming and nothing special. 

Overall, I would not come here again. This was not only a waste of money, but a waste of time. If you come to Las Vegas looking to enjoy yourself, do not come here. Bouchon will always be remembered, but as a place of waitresses with attitude, cold food, and extremely slow service.
