rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A I've had brunch and dinner here recently. My most recent trip was with my mother and grandmother for Mother's day and I was pleasantly surprised. The first thing to say is they already ran out of the chicken and waffles which was sad :( However everything else was fantastic. We ordered the Corned Beef Hash, the French Toast (bread pudding style). Ham Steak with potato and eggs, and the Mussels. 

The Corned Beef hash was really delicate. The egg was cooked over well which had the perfect texture and it was placed on top of the corned beef which was very gentle but firm. It has the nice balance to it as it wasn't salty and the onions/shallots were blended to perfection. The French Toast served bread pudding styles was definitely interesting. I love bread pudding but not a huge fan of apples. It has a moist but fluffy texture that held itself up but sliced through with a fork to perfection. The sliced apple was done is several layers and although I only had a few bites it definitely left me with an impression of french toast I'll soon never forget. The Ham steak was pretty good as well. Big heaping of ham steak with AMAZING yet simple breakfast potatoes well cut. And let me not forget the HEAPING amounts of Mussels in broth. Pretty much this portion of mussels was not only near impeccable with succulent but flavorful broth but the portion although shared family style STILL had some leftover when we left. 

The service - the reason I was hesitant to give the restaurant 4 stars was because of the service. Although helptul I expected better service coming from a Thomas Keller restaurant and from one of the more elite Las Vegas strip hotels. The service was standard but nothing where I felt like our tables was completely taken care of. I asked for water twice and although that sounds simple the restaurant was only at 2/5th's capacity. The server was knowledgeable without a doubt but his follow up was lacking. I also had to ask for the plates to be removed when it was clear that certain dishes were finished and needed tidying. 

The ambiance was pleasant and what I expected from Bouchon. We sat by the window next to the patio by the pool so we got a nice warmth form the sun passing through. The tables and chairs were pretty straight forward and specials of the day were visibly seen. The seafood bar with the different oysters and little lobsters was also a pleasant sight when you enter the restaurant. As you went past the seafood bar, the liquor bar where you mingle and have a more casual dining experience is brim with both top shelf liquor as well as your more well known brands. The wine and champagne list wasn't lacking either as my mother and grandma both had something from the bar. One Bellini and another Espresso Martini which from the few sips I had were standard affair.

My recommendation based of brunch and dinner - Bouchon is a must try as it is tasty, pleasant to be at, and ironically different than what I normally get from a Las Vegas celebrity chef dine in experience. Ciao.
