rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A Completely surprised at the reviews on here, it was possibly worst experience I've had at a sit-down restaurant and absolutely the worst both me and my date have experienced at what is considered fine dining. 

We made a reservation for 8:15 being told nothing was available earlier. We came a little early and must have missed the crowd because more than half the place was empty making us wonder why the late reservation. The hostesses were not very friendly and my date said that upon returning from the bathroom they were even colder than before. We got seated at a pretty awkward location near a pillar and literally three feet from some other table at each side; there were many other open tables and were not notified of outdoor seating options. We did notice the hostess was friendlier to other types of people, like older and Caucasian. We noticed this seemed to be the trend here as the meal went on.

The server, Jerry, was very nonchalant and inattentive, quite the opposite of what we observed from his other table three feet away. While my date was at the bathroom I asked some questions and he asked about our food allergies and I'm guessing he assumed I couldn't speak English because I'm Asian. It was frustrating trying to tell him things and before I could order starters he walked away to attend to the larger party again. I thought maybe I was imagining it but when my date returned, also Asian, she was annoyed with his inattentiveness and after she finally had an exchange or two with Jerry she said, "He's talking to us as if we don't speak English." We both speak native English, and she teaches it in California for work. He kept asking if he wanted drinks, each time we said no. The last time asking for drink orders, he sternly looked at us while throwing his hands to the sides and asked, "So do you want any drinks with that?" I couldn't believe he was being so rude since we ordered over $100 worth of food. He also got the oysters wrong and mixed up where they were from, i.e. East coast was actually West. There were other issues, but this review is getting long enough. My date worked in many restaurants as a server, hostess, and manager and had less patience than I did. 

The other staff, food runners, bussers, a neighboring server with long hair, were all great and we really appreciated it. 

Now the food, also no. The $25 house made pasta dish was undercooked; we were shocked since making your own pasta usually mean knowing al dente. There were also giant chunks of slightly cooked garlic that made up more volume than preferred since they were pretty inedible. The server asked how it was and we said ok, to which he chuckled and said he could bring something else. My date hates to waste and said no then turned to me and also said, "I don't want to waste more time." The other things we got, seafood platter and escargot, were pretty standard. The mussels in the seafood platter were nice; not overcooked and slightly sweet. We didn't have high seafood expectations since Las Vegas is in a desert and being in Seattle a few weeks ago, so honestly the seafood is really just standard.

Overall we were completely underwhelmed and even offended. Definitely will not be returning and regretful that we chose to use up one of our vacation nights dining here.
