rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A I felt like I was on a treasure hunt getting to this restaurant. If only I can be the aZn kid, Data from the Goonies then it would be awesome. Don't mistaken this spot for the Bouchon Bakery located on the casino floor, that's just the decoy. You must first start off in the lobby where you follow the signs near the check in/out counter. Find the elevator that takes you to a secret Da Vinci floor. Bank a left out of the elevators and continue through the Michelangelo (inspired ceiling) hallways until you hit the spot on your right hand side. 

We arrived here around 1030ish am for brunch on a Saturday. The wait was about 20 minutes. Unfortunately, they do not take reservations. The restaurant was crowded and the tables are right next to each other so don't expect much privacy from your neighbors. I do recall the dude next to us throwing a fit about something.

Let's talk about their table bread. They just throw that bad boy on your table without a basket or a serving plate. Interesting concept but don't worry germaphobes, they use wax tissue paper to handle the bread. The butter and jam is what makes this a winner. First, I believe they're both made freshly. Second, the bread+butter+jam equals a scrumptious treat. Heed my warning: if you're on a carb diet, it's probably not a good idea to try it because you won't want to put it down. The flavor of the day was blackberry I believe. Sooooo bombskiz.

In honor of Le Roscoe Pierre Chicken & Waffles that I do love to eat in LA, I ordered the: the brunch chicken and waffles. From looking at the price ($25), you'd think they were giving you duck confit and waffles. Although it's a little pricey, I have no buyer's remorse. Honestly, I'm craving it as I type this now. The bacon and chive waffle leaves a distinct taste in your mouth. Normally, you're only use to the taste of butter and syrup. Not these waffles. You get a hint of the saltiness and some other unique flavors with every bite. You even actually feel the crunch of the bacon bits in the waffles itself.

The chicken is served in 2 pieces. Looks will deceive you here, the portion of the chicken may seem petite but when you actually rip the flesh off the bones like a carnivore that you are, you'll realize that there's plenty of meat to work with. Although the chicken was slightly salty, it was still very tender and juicy. It's accompanied by a mushroom type chauffer gravy sauce.

Service was great and the atmosphere is loud & vibrant. I would definitely come back to try other items on the menu and to eat some more bread with homemade jam! It's definitely not a cheap meal but how often are you in Vegas anyways? Also, try their desserts or the bakery items if you have room for it.
