rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A Had to post this because had such a memorable dinner here for NYE. Love Bouchon for the obvious that I'm sure everyone else stated before. Thomas Keller with that Bistro more affordable feel. The meal we had though took it over the top. If you watch a lot of food shit on television than you can see how I was so brainwashed into what we indulged in tonight. Key words: fresh bread, fresh seafood, foie gras, and TRUFFLES!!

Started with that amazing bread they bring out baked fresh onsite that reminds you of daily breakfast strolling the streets of Paris. Crusty on outside and chewy soft inside. Rub that housemate butter and dijon mustard. Yes!

Next we shared an assortment of the oysters available. Fuck the freshness is so damn good. Yes, you pay for them here and yes it's the same anywhere else but I love it when it's fresh.

Next had the escargot and crispy duck leg. Escargot is wonderful because of all the butter. What was a nice touch was the pastry baked on top. Loved it. Crispy duck leg was too salty and didn't enjoy it. Would have been really good based on how it was cooked but just added to much salt to it. 

Some Pinot Noir to wash it down and get ready for what's next. 

Pan seared Foie Gras. Woo Hoo. Damn this was so rich and amazing. I just prefer it seared in its natural fatty goodness over the mousse option which I'm sure is wonderful too. I want to just eat this with their bread. What a treat. Felt guilty eating it but you're in Vegas.

Also with the Foie Gras they brought out a Ribeye with fries. Your "Steak Frites" but a ribeye and we added TRUFFLES. For the night you could add Truffles to anything for $25. Damn I wish I just paid $25 and added it to everything. Please add it to my bread, salad, soup, oysters.. You get the point. Now I understand why all the chefs on TV go so nuts over this stuff. To experience true truffles cut and sliced over your food... Wow. 

If you have a chance to experience this, please let go and do it. What an amazing experience and it just exemplified to me what Vegas is all about. I heard that Jose Andres does a good Truffle showing at Bazaar too. On a side note, I was sad that the Croque Madame wasn't on the menu tonight. Probably because it was New Years Eve but I would have still ordered it with all the food we got and would have and could have and should have added TRUFFLES!!
