rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A My love loves this place. We basically come here for brunch every time we come to Vegas. I love their patio, their service, part of their food. I don't like the wait, and the other part of their food.

First time I came here was over a year ago, I was looking forward to their brunch since my love was telling me how he raved about his dish and how they have chicken and waffles. I admit, I didn't hear a single word except "chicken. and. waffles." Unfortunately, I didn't get to try it. Their chicken and waffles were only on their weekend brunch menu. We went there on a Monday, so I opted for something off of their daily specials. I could not remember what I had there but I remembered what my love had ordered. It was such a plain and simple omelette that I don't remember eating, I don't recall anything. He had this overly sweetened french toast in a cylindrical shape with apples and syrup. He isn't a sweets lover, so it might be reasonable for most. He liked the texture but the sweetness was too overwhelming. 

Few months ago, we went there again, choosing the right day of the week. Dealing with an hour long wait wasn't cool, but for a group of 6 without a reservation, it's reasonable. They had these little pastries in the front for the people waiting for a table and you can always order a mimosa and drink your day away. I am happy to say that I finally ordered their CHICKEN. AND. WAFFLES. served with both gravy and syrup. Chicken wasn't deep fried like southern style, and my waffles had bacon and chives in it. I don't really care for bacon but this darn thing was so delicious, that I had to stuff my face immediately with table manners. For the first time I enjoyed the taste of syrup more than gravy on my chicken and waffle. The sweetness of the syrup was balanced out perfectly with the chicken and waffles. My chicken tasted like honey grilled wings (except it was a chicken leg and a breast) and the bacon and chives made this dish into more of a savory course rather than the confused-wtf-are-you-eating dish. Because my sauces are served separately, I don't need to worry about my waffles turning soggy. The waffles were so plump and fluffy, I was gonna die. 

I fell in love with this dish right there, right then. It will be hard for me to come back here again to try other things. Their daily special almost did it, they had shrimp and grits that day, it was one of my toughest decisions to make in Vegas other than to bet on red or black at the roulette table.
