rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A I'm from the San Francisco Bay Area and wanted to experience a Thomas Keller restaurant.  It's impossible to get a reservation at the French Laundry and since I was going to be in Vegas over the 4th of July weekend, I thought I would try Bouchon Bistro.  I had heard wonderful things about this restaurant going back to season one episode seven of NO RESERVATIONS--one of Anthony Bourdain's show on the Food Network.  I got a reservation immediately--and maybe that should have been my first clue that something was wrong.

A friend and I went to the restaurant on Monday, 7/6/09 a little after 6 PM.  We were immediately seated and the waiter brought us warm pistachio nuts with our bread and butter.  Everything looked pristine and exactly what I would expect from a fine dining establishment.  However, the place was empty except for a few diners seated near the windows.  I just assumed we were early and everyone dined late in Vegas.

We came to enjoy fine cuisine and to be thrilled by Thomas Keller's reputation and didn't hesitate to order the most  expensive item on the menu--the Grand Plateau for $110 plus a side order of French Fries--a dish Bourdain claimed was better than his own.  We figured these two were their signature dishes and had to be the best!. Boy were we WRONG!!!!

The french fries were good but not spectacular.  Shoe string potato fries served in a paper cone is pretty common these days at least in the San Francisco Bay Area.  It's hard to judge a restaurant solely on their fries so we waited for our Grand Plateau.

When the seafood tower arrived, we sampled the raw oysters and clams.  They were fresh and sweet.  Then we moved onto the cooked seafood.  We tried the jumbo prawns and were taken aback.  The shrimps were meaty but had no flavor and were bone chilling cold.  Next we moved onto the dungeness crab.  A fresh crab should have opaque flakes of sweet meat.  The crab we were served had a dense meat and absolutely no flavor.  Ditto for the lobster.  In fact, the lobster tail tasted water logged.  The mussels also tasted a little weak--like mussels at half strength.

I mentioned this to the manager and he suggested that perhaps I didn't understand the texture of East Coast crab or lobsters since I was from the Bay Area.  He also told me that the chef steamed the seafood and it was never plunged in ice water.  Despite the manager's and chef's assurances, my palate knew better.  The seafood tasted like it had been prepped in advance and stored in a very cold refrigerator.  Perhaps it had even gotten partially frozen and that soggy water logged texture was actually the melted ice crystals.

I grew up on fresh seafood.  My father use to work in restaurants and he would buy the fresh catch of the day in San Francisco's Chinatown and my family would wake up each morning to a seafood breakfast fit for a king.  My father's best dishes were jumbo prawns bursting with roe in steamed eggs with green onions and of course the simple cracked crab.  My father never overcooked his seafood and we ate our crab without any sauces because we wanted to savor the sweetness of the meat.

You can imagine how disappointed we were when we were served Bouchon's interpretation of fresh seafood.  In hindsight, it's obvious they had probably stocked up on seafood for the 4th of July holiday and I was experiencing seafood that had arrived several days earlier.  Also since it was over 100 degrees in Las Vegas, it's hard to keep seafood super fresh.  Going back to Anthony Bourdain's book, Kitchen Confidential-- Never order seafood on Monday, especially if it's "special." That fish probably was delivered on Thursday, in anticipation of busy Friday and Saturday night dinners. If it hasn't been eaten by Sunday night, it becomes Monday's special.

Frankly I was more insulted by the manager and chef who tried to convince us that our palates were wrong rather than admit their food was not the freshest.  It's unforgiveable to blame the customer for the restaurant's failing.  The manager never apologized or even offered us a complimentary glass of wine or dessert.  When I got back to the office, I told everyone about our experience and believe me, most of my co-workers will think twice before choosing a Thomas Keller establishment in the future.  His food does not live up to his reputation and I'm afraid in these tough economic times, he has lowered his standards!  If Bouchon had ever been upscale, it has truly gone downhill!
