rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A Bouchon was our pick for our non-buffet dinner in Vegas.  My dad is a huge fan of celebrity chefs, being the devotee of Food Network that he is.  Bouchon should impress him, given the whole "French Laundry is the best restaurant in the United States" thing with Thomas Keller.  And while Bouchon isn't French Laundry, I think that the meal was good enough to impress.

We were seated promptly, though we were late for our reservation by about ten minutes.  We blame this on the fact that Bouchon is a hard restaurant to find.  A security guard had to guide us through the Venetian Canal shops, down an escalator, to the right elevators.  Bouchon is located way up on the 20th floor (I think), which seemed like an odd place to have a restaurant.  However, it ended up being a perfect location, since we didn't have a huge crowd , flashing slot machine lights, or the sounds of bells/whistles right outside the door.

The space at Bouchon is nice, with high ceilings and large windows that allow for plenty of natural light.  The tables are covered in butcher paper and the menu is actually the paper around the napkin.  The fresh baguette was warm and delicious, especially with the butter, which was really flavorful.  

I was disappointed that they no longer had the frisee salad with poached egg and bacon on the menu and the waiter explained that they change their menu about four times a year.  Rats!  They had just had the change and I wasn't really feeling the other salads on the menu.  Instead, we opted to share the salmon rillettes with extra croutons, which was amazing.  I could have just brought a jar of that and their fresh baguettes back with me to Wynn and had an awesome midnight snack lounging in the tub and watching TV.  The rillettes are also served with a bowl of their marinated olives, which were good (the green olives in particular).

For the entrees, we ended up getting the trout, the steak frites, the salmon, and the veal breast.  ALL of these entrees were delicious.  The trout, which was what I ordered, was perfectly cooked in a brown butter sauce, with a mound of the most delicious haricot verts and slivered almonds.  The salmon was also done just right and came beautifully presented in a copper pan.  The veal was good, though a little bit stringy and tough.  The steak was also delicious, though the VAST pile of frites was a bit overwhelming.  Though the fries were seasoned just right and crisp when they first come out, atfer cooling, they did turn a bit limp.  Even being ardent fries fans, we could not finish them.  The entree portions are huge, so much to the point that we did not have room for dessert.  That was disappointing, since the profiteroles being enjoyed the next table over seemed divine.    

Overall, a great place for delicious bistro food in a relaxed setting.  Service was a little cold, as our waiter seemed a little standoff-ish, but they were attentive.  My only complaint was that their water was lukewarm.  I'd be back to try more things off their dinner menu, as well as to have brunch here.
