rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A When you have never gotten reservations at The French Laundry in Napa, or avoid New York whenever possible and therefore rule out Per Se as an option, you go to Vegas Bouchon for a Thomas Keller choice.
Dinner was great. Waiter and sommelier both very knowledgeable and helpful. And as far as the wine service that's really saying something because the couple dining with us live in SAN Fransico and spend close to one weekend each month in Napa touring and tasting wine, and travel Europe and the world frequently for both business and pleasure. 
Now, on to the food.  Escargot app ...snails a little "mushy" , but sauce not overly garlicky and puff pastry "biscuit " on top perfect.  Entree.... roast chicken was described as sublime, best chicken they had ever had. Lamb cooked perfectly, with veal demiglass, large portion was delicious. I had the cheese platter for dessert. 3 cheeses,toasted cranberry nut toast points,honey,and walnuts was excellent. Wife had the creme brûlée recommended by the waiter which also was excellent, but my wife makes fantastic creme brûlée at home with raspberries that can't be beat so I almost never order it when we go out. Waiter was "shocked" when asked if the dessert wasn't the best ever and I informed him that even though it was excellent, I feel my wife's is better with the addition of a raspberry. 
The wives preferred white wine by the glass, one dry and one semi-sweet, and wine Stewart had them each try 3 before choosing. That level of service almost never happens when ordering by the glass. The husbands were looking for a red for under $100 a bottle to go with the lamb. Many choices, though many more for ever $100 if so inclined. Settled on an excellent California red blend that I enjoyed but my knowledgeable wine hobbyist felt was too alcoholic (15.4%) to pair with the lamb. But I enjoyed even more the banter and knowledge between him and the wine sommelier about the 750 acre vineyard, the wine maker (whom they both had met), and the weather that specific year! Wow, very impressed!
Only complaint was that it was too damn dark to read the menu. Felt Silly that the waiter pulled a flash light out of his apron that we passed around. Fix the lighting!  All in all an excellent meal , excellent staff.
