rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A I subtract one star for the rude service from the person whom appeared to be the hosting supervisor...  My wife and I got there early and were expecting a friend to join us.  They originally told us the wait would be about 40-45 minutes, but actually were ready to seat us after about 15-20 minutes.  At the time, it was just the two of us, since our friend hadn't arrive yet.  We told the hostess (a younger woman) that we wanted to wait a while, so our friend could arrive.  The hostess was nice and said that would be fine.  To me, it actually benefits the restaurant more, because we wouldn't be taking up space just sitting at a table waiting.  So we waited in the waiting area for another 15-20 minutes for our friend at which point she said she was about 5-10 minutes away.  So I went up to the desk and told the hosting person there (an old lady who appeared to be the supervisor) that we were ready to get our table... but she rudely told me that all 3 of us had to be physically present in order to sit us at a table (and/or put our name back into the mix).  After another 5-10 minutes passed, our friend still had not arrive and my wife went and talked to the original hostess who was going give us a table (with just the two of us, even though we were a party of three), and discovered that our name had been completely removed from the waiting list, but luckily she remembered us and sat us anyways (still without our friend being there).

I had high expectations for this place, because I have another friend that is into cooking and thinks that Thomas Keller is one of the greatest chefs...  One of the cool things for my visit here was that Thomas Keller was actually in the restaurant, but unfortunately it wasn't him who was cooking the meal.  He came in during the middle of my meal and was actually a customer (although, he probably didn't have to pay for his meal).

We went during the weekend brunch.  Our friend and I had the chicken and waffles (since according to my friend,  the chicken is supposed to be a signature dish at a Thomas Keller restaurant).  My wife had a ham steak and eggs...  The chicken and waffles was good, but the gravy sauce got pretty salty towards the end.  My wife's ham steak and eggs looked pretty normal though.

To me, this place falls under the whole name branding marketing tactic...  You can find similar quality items for a cheaper price elsewhere, but here you're basically paying more because it's a Thomas Keller restaurant.  The food was good, but just wasn't impressive for the amount that you pay.  And for me, there wasn't a "wow" factor where it would make me want to go back here again unless someone I go with wants to try it out.
