rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A The wife and I stayed at the Venetian this past weekend and wanted to have a nice dinner. We were considering going back to Craftsteak at the MGM, but we got lazy and didn't want to drive out. 

Instead we decided to check out  Bouchon, a French restaurant located in the hotel. Bouchon can be found at the Venezia tower of the Venetian so it's a little far from the entrance, but very close to the hotel room elevators. 

As soon as you walk in, you'll notice a small lobby area to perhaps have some coffee or dessert. You're immediately welcomed by a friendly host who has someone escort you to your table. The restaurant is nicely designed with beautiful colors, mild lighting, and nice high ceilings. It  brought back some old memories of my Paris trip years ago. 

At your table you have your obvious choices of waters, from house to sparkling. I never liked Pellegrino so we had the "house" water. Bouchon has some damn good filtered watered. A server quickly comes with a warm baguette and butter. The baguette was terrific. Not overly buttered and so crisp. 

For our entrees, the wife had the Canard (Duck) something something. I can't remember the full description, but it was a roasted duck served with spinach and some small vegetables. The spinach was sauteed in some sort of tart sauce that we just couldnt get used to. But, the duck was magnificent. The meat was cooked perfectly, it was juicy and the skin was so flavorful and crisp. Probably the best duck I've ever had. 

Pour moi, I had the Steak Frites. It's a pan-seared flatiron steak served with a pile of french fries. This steak is a chewy steak, but if you get it Medium rare to Medium, it'll be perfect. I loved my steak, but I think they got carried away with the fries. I wish there was some vegetables with it. I had to order sauteed spinach on the side. Still, I really enjoyed it. I suggest getting a glass of red wine to go with this dish. 

For the grande finale, we had their dessert special, if I recall correctly, called the Bouchon. It's 3 brownies topped with 3 different ice creams. Vanilla, Cinnemon, and Mint. The brownies were so good. The ice cream were pretty simple, but had the texture like they were homemade. The mint one was horrific though. It was like putting a bush of mint leaves into your mouth. 

I wish we ordered the French onion soup. Everyone around us was ordering it. It must be their popular item. Still, nice atmosphere and delicious food make Bouchon a new favorite. If you're staying at the Venetian, look out for a 15% off coupon in your room. We totatly missed it. damnit...
