rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A We celebrated my friend's birthday at Bouchon.

Down to what really matters, what we had..

DRINKS:
Bouchon & Nirvana - both were okay. My friend wasn't too impressed with her Bouchon, but I liked my Nirvana. Tasty froth that reminds me of Orange Julius. I can't find their drink menu so I can't tell you the ingredients.

FOOD:
MACARONI AU GRATIN (6.50) - Superior macaroni. Baked just so the cheese is slightly crisp, the pasta perfect. I could've eaten that all night.
HARICOTS VERTS (6.50) - Kids, eat your veggies. But these were overcooked, therefore, sat untouched for a while until I realised I needed to be eating greens.
STEAK FRITES (33.50) - Well seasoned, nicely cooked and perfectly paired with frites. And dang, those were some seriously addictive fries, but then again, I am a french fry addict.
MOULES AU PISTOU (27.50) - Whoa. Talk about mussels. Tons and tons of them which were sweet and delicious. I love seafood drowning in white wine. And more pomme frites. God help me.
CROQUE MADAME (18.95) - I thought it was tasty, but my friend thought it wasn't as good as other croque madames she's had. Again, more fries. Thank goodness our waiter talked us out of getting another side of them. Whew!

DESSERTS:
PROFITEROLES (9.50) - I thought the puffs were a bit hard, but they were fun to eat. I liked the ice cream a lot but I think it was more that it felt good in my mouth.
BENEIGHTS (?) - These aren't on the menu but were a special for the night. Yummy. They reminded me of malasadas!
PETITS FOURS SECS & FLAN (complimentary) - Because it was my friends birthday, Bouchon gave us a plate of petits fours secs and flan. We liked the petits fours a lot. Every single one had a fun texture and light taste. The flan was yummy. Not too heavy with a really smooth consistency.

SERVICE: We were promptly seated as we arrived at our reservation time of 8:30pm. Our waiter (I forget his name) was attentive, knowledgeable and quick. He brought my friend and I navy blue linens instead of going with their house white, he explained the cheeses to us which we were going to have for dessert but ended up going with major sweets, and he didn't linger or not come around enough. Our water glasses were always filled, we didn't want for anything as far as service went.

Bouchon didn't disappoint I'm glad to say. I am looking forward to French Laundry, someday. . . .
