rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A This place is fantastic! It is tucked away in the Venetian near the entrance to the hotel rooms (you have to take the elevator to the right of the check in desks to another floor to find The Bouchon). 

We visited The Bouchon and it did not disappoint. Prior to flying to Vegas, I researched into the top Brunch spots and people on both on yelp and trip advisor raved about the Bouchon, so I knew we would have to check it out.

We attempted to eat here Friday right before 2:30 PM because the concierge at the Palazzo had said they didn't close until 2:30 PM and so we had run over there. Unfortunately this information was incorrect, as they stop seating at 2 PM. We returned on Saturday at around 12:30 PM and there was a HUGE wait. To be clear, the Bouchon does NOT take open table reservations...they only take walk-ins. That being said, there is a high probability your wait will be an hour or more (it's TOTALLY worth it though).

In our case, we were told the wait would be an hour, but it ended up being longer and so we just finally decided to eat at the bar. To start, I had a much needed cappuccino to give me some energy after a night of partying. My friend who also ordered one and is a coffee addict told the bartender that this was "literally the best cappuccino she has ever had." 

The bartender recommended either the Roasted Chicken with Bacon and Chive Waffles (Poulet et des Gaufres) or the Oeufs Benedict. I was a little hesistant to order the chicken with raffles the food sounded a little heavy after a night of drinking, but he convinced me when he said it was personally one of his favorite dishes and that when you are eating in vegas you shouldn't order food that you can get at any regular old brunch spot place...you should try things that unique to that restaurant. 

Let me tell you, boy was I glad I ordered that plate! It was absolutely amazing. My friend, who also ordered it, and I could not stop talking about how good it was. They give you a special gravy for the chicken that was fantastic. I couldn't get enough of that sauce. The bacon and chive waffles were also mouth wateringly delicious. The other two people in my party ordered the Oeufs Benedict and also enjoyed their food. The general consensus was that all 4 of us absolutely loved this place.

The decor and atmosphere is so cute too. I definitely recommend it for brunch! You HAVE to try the Poulet et des Gaufres (roasted chicken and waffles plate).
