rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A Excellent dinner!!

My husband is a chef (if you follow my reviews you probably know that by now!) and a huge fan of Thomas Keller (the chef of Bouchon). Once we got to the Venetian and checked in we saw a bunch of signs advertising Bouchon and immediately husband decided we needed to eat there.

We made reservations for dinner and came with a couple friends. One thing I think most people will appreciate about Bouchon is that it is an accessible fine dining experience. Meaning, their menu isn't completely loaded with French terms (although there is a good amount of that) that the average person wouldn't understand and therefore be intimidated by. One of their dishes is steak and fries... you can't get more down home American than that!

I ordered "Blanquette de Lotte" which is "roasted monkfish with a fricassée of glazed root vegetables & lobster spaetzle." I really enjoyed it, everything was cooked wonderfully. 

Husband ordered one of the day's specials, Chicken Rillette, for an appetizer. It looked like a crab cake, but it was made of chicken, sitting on a risotto with a yummy sauce. For his entree he ordered the "Poulet Rôti" as the waiter informed us that Keller's chicken dishes were well known and loved. It was a "roasted chicken with quince, charred radicchio & truffle emulsion." Again, the sauce on this one was amazing and my husband really enjoyed it.

Their dessert menu was holiday-ified, unfortunately for me since I don't care for most things holiday: peppermint, ginger, etc. I'm not sure what the dessert I ordered was called, but it was served with peppermint ice cream so I asked for vanilla instead. It still had peppermint dust on the side though, which I had to carefully avoid as I ate. Husband ordered "Île Flottante" which was really interesting and gave him some ideas for his own cooking. 

Wine: we ordered the Russian River Valley Pinot Noir and both of us really enjoyed it. 

Lastly, service was impeccable, I only wish I could get service like that at every restaurant I go to. I hope we can come back to Bouchon next time we are in Vegas!
