rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A As of this writing, there are already 437 reviews averaging out to 4 stars. What I write here isn't gonna go far in changing anything, nor should it - so I'll keep it brief and to the point.

We came here for breakfast around 10am. I didn't expect the place to be so crowded, but I guess it makes sense...it's literally down the hall for some hotel guests. The first thing I noticed was that everything had a very european attitude...including the service. It was a few minutes before anybody came by to get our drink order, nevermind food. Could've been a one-time thing though, who knows. The waiter brought us butter & jam despite the fact that we ordered no bread, or anything else appropriate for it. Staring at it & all the pastry passing by caused us to order a croissant for desert, so maybe that's how they get'cha?

Food:
Quiche of the day: Tomato confit & carmelized onions. My friend said it was probably the best quiche she's ever had. Came with salad on the side...very small portions of each, IMO.
Croquette Madams - I had this, and it was definitely delicious. The entree it self was "european sized", but as you can see from pictures above, the side of fries is huge. Both were delicous. 

Espresso:
I guess it's a weird thing to devote so many words to, but at least it's something that's not in the other 400 reviews..
I ordered an espresso before the meal. It came, in the right cup, and was perfectly acceptable for a cup of Illy on the strip, even if it was light on the crema. I finished it quickly, and asked for another, this time a double. The food came before my next espresso, and when it arrived, it was in a cup more suitable for an americano. I know it happens sometimes when you want a double, no big deal, but the espresso wasn't right. It might have just been that it wasn't hot, but it was off enough that I sent it back and asked for another. I even offered to take a single if the barista wasn't confident in pulling a double. After a slightly shorter, but still long wait, my new cup arrived. Same size cup, this time holding what looks to be a single shot. The waiter explained that he made it himself, but he'd be happy to take it back again if it wasn't right. It did taste better than the prior one, and although it still wasn't very hot, I kept it. I don't have it in me to be that guy that sends back 2 espressos. 

The bill was about 50USD, and overall, we were happy with the meal. The food was delicious, and the service could've been better, but it wasn't that bad. Maybe we were easy to overlook it because we were in a good mood, or maybe we were critical because we had other things we wanted to do afterwards. But like I said, in the end, I am eager to go back and try some more stuff. And really, where else you gonna go in town for a really good breakfast?
