rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A I visited Bouchon for dinner on a Thursday night just last week.  We had dinner reservations at 8:45 and were expecting to be completely wowed.  Wrong we were.  I'd like to get one thing straight - the food is great!  Actually beat my expectations.  But the service is awful.  Where to begin.

We arrived and were sat promptly.  The FIRST person to come to our table wasn't a server.  Nope.  Wasn't a bus person.  Nope.  It was the sommelier and that was after a good 10 minutes of being seated.  We were all in great moods after seeing a show and went with it making wine our main focus.  He was nice enough and helped us choose something.  

Approximately 5 minutes after we ordered our wine we were served water.  Still no server.

Another couple minutes and we have warm bread and butter delivered.  Still no server.

Now, honestly, we should have seen our server 20 minutes into being sat.  We are now poured wine and are enjoying it along with the warm bread.  

Finally, we stop someone and ask to find our server.  Being incredibly annoying (or potentially simply observant) I watch the gentleman approach a woman who inevitably mouths 'I Know' with a look of irritation and rolls her eyes.  She then proceeds to go to another one of her tables to help them.  

When she approaches us it is nothing short of patronizing  and simply an empty smile.  The meal continued with that level of service.  We took note that it wasn't just our server that had this empty, unhappy look.  All of the servers didn't look so happy.  And, I'd like to point out that I believe the GM walked by our table a couple times and surely he should have observed the lack of progression in our meal.  

Again, the food was great.  The poor team in the back isn't represented well in the front of the house.  I ordered the steak frites - delicious, my husband had the chicken, and the other couple ordered the mussels and the scallops.  Everything was wonderful.  The cheese plate to top off the meal was beyond delicious.  

Just disappointing service that will prevent me from going back there and I really wanted to try the brunch.
