rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A My fiance and I are in love with dining at Bouchon. In the past year and a half, we've dined here twice for dinner, and THREE times for breakfast...at least once on each of the Vegas trips that we've been too lately.  And that's a lot considering we like to try different restaurants that the Strip has to offer. This review will be about our breakfast/brunch experiences only.

First off, their pastry items are to die for. Their croissants are flaky on the outside, yet so moist on the inside. The Pecan Sticky Bun is delicious. And then there's the out of this world Strawberry Croissant, which if you're lucky, is on the menu when you go dine...my fiance greedily ate it all when I wasn't looking, and he DOESN'T like pastries. Honestly, you really can't go wrong with any of their pastry items.

For their breakfast items, I have two words for you: Salmon Baguette. The smoked salmon is unbelievably flavorful, and the bread, chive cream cheese, and capers are all perfect complements to the smoked salmon. I am utterly in love with this dish as a breakfast item, and have ordered it...EVERY...SINGLE...TIME we've been to Bouchon for breakfast. My fiance normally gets the Breakfast Americane, and he loves their scrambled eggs so much that he plans on asking them next time if he can just order a big plate of scrambled eggs. He would also recommend the Omelette with chicken if it's on the menu...it was on the menu as a "Special" when we went. It's a light, fluffy omelette stuffed with tender pieces of chicken, red and green peppers, and cheese. So simple, yet so delicious. That's probably the best way to describe breakfast at Bouchon...they take the SIMPLEST breakfast items that you can order from anywhere else(example: Dennys), yet they make it memorable.

I would also recommend the Bouchon coffee as well...it's so good that I'm tempted to go get an empty Venti cup at Starbucks and having Bouchon fill it with their coffee for me. Just kidding...sorta ;)

Service can be a bit spotty for breakfast/brunch, as sometimes it doesn't seem like they are adequately staffed for the morning. It's not horrible, it's still decent, but it seems like the service for dinner is a lot better...at least when we've gone.
