rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A I have delayed writing this review as it has taken me sometime to put my thoughts in order regarding what might be one of the top 3 dining experiences of my life up until this point.

First... It is a Thomas Keller restaurant.  Arguably one of the best chefs alive and a true master of the culinary arts.  If you can't appreciate this simply fact then you would be better off spending your money at McDonald's.

The atmosphere here is fantastic, if not a bit loud...  but then again, it's Vegas baby.  Menu's are on brown wax-type paper that will ring your napkin.  Our server was excellent, with out being overly pushy and was quite helpful in explaining questions we had on the menu.  He also didn't look at us in disgust when we joked about not being able to order anything in French, due to our limited linguistic abilities.

Now... on to the food.  It was incredible!  I could leave it at that but I wont.  We had a group of five and started with multiple appetizers.  Specifically, we had the Escargot... delicious with the puff pastry on top,The Pork Belly Sausage... I believe the dates in this dish really make for a maple like flavor that is awesome, A selection of Oysters, most from the Pacific Northwest and all extremely fresh and grit free, and finally, the chilled Mussels.  I love Mussels but had not had them chilled before.  Again, they were fantastic.

I had the Steak Frites for my entree.  The steak was excellently prepared and the frites were a golden, crispy, salty, wonderful experience.  The herbed butter on the steak was excellent as well.  My wife had the Roasted Chicken dish and it was phenomenal as well.

To finish I had the Chocolate Mousse, it was the richest, thickest, creamiest Mousse I've ever had... I loved it.  I was also able to sample the Apple Tart, and Beignets... both we as good if not better than the mousse.

I can't recommend this place highly enough... in my mind it is a 'Can't miss" while in Vegas.  I am looking forward to buying the Bouchon cookbook and trying out some of these recipes.  If they turn out half as good at home as they did at the restaurant I'll be a happy guy!
