rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A Amazing brunch at an amazing restaurant....

For a group of 7 people without reservations we waited only a few minutes which made me feel a bit uneasy at first because I knew it was a popular place amongst the Yelp community as well with Thomas Keller groupies (after Per Se and FL, I'm one too), so why no wait?  On route to our table, my high expectations quickly returned as I peeped the many lavish looking items other patrons were devouring.  

If it is Spring or Fall and you have the option to sit outside I HIGHLY RECOMMEND it.  The outside portion of the restaurant is in the courtyard and is way nice.  Due to the shape of the Venetian, the courtyard is warm but without the sun beating down on you.  

I can only speak for our waiter but let me tell you he was way cool and very nice.  Whenever we needed him he was there.  My coffee (which I might add was perfect) was always filled and he helped the non-decisive ones with recommendations (which all turned out for the best).  

We all enjoyed the french bread with jam and butter which was a nice palate prepper for the goods to come.  For the most part, we all ordered something different which we all got to try snippets of.  Everything I tasted was really good.  I was in the mood for something sweet and the waiter recommended their French Toast.  It was not the typical french toast I have been accustomed to but nonetheless was much better.  It was round and layered with brioche, custard, apples, and bread pudding and was baked and topped with fresh apple slices and maple syrup.  At first glance it looked a bit small but let me tell you I was stuffed when finished (and I shared some).  Other items which deserve honorable mention were the corned beef hash (wow) and the Croque Madame (decadent).  I must also mention the vanilla bean Tahitian butter because I just about put it on everything it was that good.

We arrived hungry and left full but lighter by about $22 per person.  When you take into account the ambiance, food, and service this was probably my best brunch to date.  When you take into account price, there is just no comparison to anything in Vegas or Orange County, CA.   I will never ever ever do another buffet in Vegas while places like Bouchon are out there.

***Thank you Michelle T. for requesting we go here you rock!  and thanks for the extra fries which I gladly dipped in the Tahitian vanilla butter and jam***
