3jKUbhGSjFTv5jZ0wnW0xA Highlight of the foodie trip so far! We were recommended by a waiter at Gabardine (Toronto) to eat at Au Pieds Au Cochon and we couldn't get a seat there so jumped on Yelp and found Les Deux Gamins. Fantastic and great to share with my 2 daughters as they mentioned (often) that they would like to eat at "one of the restaurants that Mom and Dad go to". The waitress ( I think she owned the joint) was really pleasant and helpful ("cough" unlike the lady on the phone at Au Pieds De Cochon telling us she was sold out that evening). Classic french decor from the black and white tiled floor to the seats and small round tables. Short but very tempting menu with a decent wine choice and how can you go wrong with $18 House Red which was lovely? Starters we had the Fois Gras, Beet Carpaccio, French Onion soup and Chicken Pastry all of which were delicious - Emily stated that the soup was The Best French Onion Soup She's Ever Had and that was after her return from Paris where she had the French Onion Soup to end all French Onion Soups. OK so I thought there might be a little more to the Beet Carpaccio but there's me and beets - can't not order them not matter how they're served! But I was saving room for the Duck Confit with Saladaise Potatoes. "What are Saladaise Potatoes?" I asked. "They're sliced potatoes fried in Duck Fat" "Then I'll have that then please." Fantastic stuff every mouthful was lovely from the crispy skin of the duck to the delectable potatoes. Oh yeah some greens cos you've got to. Afterwards a cheese platter and then the Apple Tatin (Apples cooked upside down with a glazed bottom) washed down with a great espresso and the wine of course. SO happy to share this with my girls and just a super evening all in all. If I'm ever back in Montreal I'll be back again to sample the other delights. Just goes to show you that you don't have to have a menu as long as a novel and you don't have to serve enough food to stuff a small whale to make for a great evening's dining experience - something to think about America!
