rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A I am kind of shocked that so many people on here reviewed this restaurant for its brunch and not its dinner service.  I have heard the brunch is good, but if I'm going to eat Thomas Keller's food I want it to be a dinner.  Everything here was exceptional, from the bar service (excellent wines/champagne by the glass; I got the Deutz) to the food, to the service.  Let me talk about the food now... I am, generally, the kind of person who rarely orders the fish dish on the menu.  I love fish and all seafood very much, but it is an easy thing to screw up, whereas a braised meat or something like that is easy given a little attention and love.  That being said, I ordered the salmon rilettes to start the meal and ordered the trout with confit potatoes and brown butter with a sauce grenobloise.  The salmon rilettes were delicious, with the buttery fresh salmon being so good that I could spread that on just about anything and be a very happy man! (salmon rilettes on eggs would be phenomenal... note to chef Keller!)  The trout was heaven on a plate.  Served head-on, the trout was rich without being too heavy, perfectly seasoned, with crispy confit potatoes and a delicious buttery-garlicky flavor.  A dish that looked so simple, but so delicious that I was just amazed.  Couple that food with a strong vodka cocktail at the bar while waiting for the table, a champagne with the rilettes, an absinthe in between the app. and entree, and a delicious white burgundy with the trout, and you've got yourself a memorable meal.  Oh, and did I mention that the pot de creme was also delicious?!  All of this, by the way, is helped by the fact that the place is lively and bustling, a lot like the brasserie type atmosphere that I imagine the place was intended to be.  If you're looking for fussy food, a stuffy atmosphere, and rude service, this place is the diametric opposite of that!  It's simple food made with perfect technique in a fun atmosphere with friendly and helpful service. Go!
