rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A I had high hopes for Bouchon Bistro given this restaurant's and Thomas Keller's reputation.  The waitstaff was excellent, but the food and atmosphere was mediocre at best.

My first course was the Terrine de Foie Gras de Canard paired with the Sauternes Lions de Suduiraut.  The Sauternes wasn't on actually the wine list, but the waiter was able to get it for me by the glass.  In fact, anything from Sauternes or Barsac was conspicuously absent from the wine list which is very odd given that they serve an excellent Foie Gras.  Suduiraut hit their target with the Lions (lighter, brighter, and probably best drunk young), but a classic Sauternes like Chateau Suduiraut or even a second like Carmes de Rieussec would have paired much better.

Overall the first course was very good and only slightly marred by the poor Sauternes selection.  If this was all I ate, it would have been a 4-star review.  Unfortunately for that 4-star first course, my dinner was essentially ruined by my next course.

For my next course, I tried the Soupe à l'Oignon.  It was a disaster.  The flavor was pretty good, but it was so salty that it was inedible, the crouton was so tough that you couldn't cut it with your spoon, and it was so short on wine that I wonder if there was even any in it.  In my opinion, this soup is one of the hardest dishes to make well and I find that it is an excellent measure of a restaurant.  Bouchon Bistro failed this test so miserably that I would have preferred to drink a glass of sea water.  The only saving grace was that the waiter took it off my bill.

The second course was so bad that I'd give it negative stars if I could.  After eating a few spoonfuls, I couldn't get the salty taste out of my mouth no matter how much water I drank.

Finally for my entree, I decided to go for something a little lighter and ordered the Croque Madame.  For the price, I was expecting european-style ham with a flavorful mornay sauce.  It was a passable rendition with pretty good brioche and decent mornay sauce.  Unfortunately, it was made with what tasted like prepackaged grocery store thin-sliced deli meat and bland mornay souce.  It was like you took a croque madame and turned the flavor down by half to two-thirds.  At least it wasn't too salty.

Since the entree column was headlined with Steak Frites, I also had high hopes for the side of fries that came with the croque madame.  They get good reviews on Yelp, but they were only on par with McDonalds fries.  I was expecting proper double fried potatoes that are explosively crisp on the outside and fluffy and tender on the inside.  About half the fries were slightly crisp, but the balance were floppy and soft.

After the entree, I decided to cut my losses and skip dessert.  I'd give the entree 3 stars because it wasn't terrible, but it wasn't spectacular either.

After walking through the quiet and elegant Venezia Tower lobby on the 10th floor, I thought I would get a nice quiet restaurant at the end of my walk.  Boy was I wrong.  The restaurant was so noisy that I had a hard time communicating with my waiter.  Not only were the patrons rather loud, but it was made even worse by the fact that the music was cranked way up.  

In closing, the waitstaff was fantastic, but the food was not.  I don't recommend going if you have any idea what French food should really taste like.
