rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A Sad to say the Bouchon in Vegas does not seem like true Thomas Keller quality...so it saddens me to write this review, when I consider the Yountville Bouchon a 6-star joint!

FRENCH TOAST: probably the best thing we had, but mostly because it was like brioche bread pudding and not really a breakfast food--I thought I was getting breakfast.  We had dessert at 10am. Oh well.  While the general flavor was pretty good, I do not know why they poured the syrup on the plate--it made everything that touched it soggy and uber sweet. So that's to say I ate around those sickly sweet parts because I don't like it sticky soggy sweet.  If you put the syrup on the side, which I didn't know i had to ask for, I might have really enjoyed this.

CORNED BEEF HASH: it had real hunks of corned beef and potatoes, but it didn't have much flavor.  I think it's a totally fixable dish.  

STEAK AND EGGS: well it was what they said, steak and eggs, with potatoes on a skillet.  The steak was ordered medium rare and it came out medium to almost medium well--c'mon, this is a Thomas Keller joint, isn't steak temperature one of the most basic things?  And then on top of it, the steak had no flavor.  It was like ok Safeway meat, thrown in a pan, with no seasoning.  If it was like a $2 dish, maybe I would understand but I'm pretty sure it was a lot more than that.

COFFEE: it was bitter and not enjoyable at all.

ORANGE JUICE: it was sour, but it was fresh squeezed so it's a risk you take, I know.

Service was friendly and quick at least.  And the decor is nice like a big version of the Yountville location (thankfully no neon Vegas lights or anything).  The only thing I wished they did was when we walked in, the restaurant was empty, and the hostess said it will be a 20-25 minute wait.  Maybe she could have explained 30 seconds because we all looked confused why you're telling me there's a huge wait when there's tons of tables--you know, we only have so many servers during the day, or we close half the restaurant etc...in any case, we got seated in 5 minutes so I'm not complaining, but I'm just saying it was odd.

On weekdays they only serve their breakfast menu from 7am to 1pm and there is limited lunch items...

I absolutely love the Yountville location but this one is no comparison so I don't need to come back to the Vegas Bouchon...

Tips
--It is located in the Venezia Tower. If you enter the Venetian main lobby, turn right at the registration desk (NOT towards the casino) and take the elevator to the Venezia lobby (it's like on the 14 floor or something, but there is only one button anyway)

--Bathrooms are located outside of the restaurant

--There is outdoor seating that overlooks one of the pools as well as indoor seating

--if you use their massive Bouchon stamp at the front of the restaurant, be ready for a really loud noise to imprint the card...it is cool, but it is hugely loud.
