rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A Quite simply, Bouchon is the best value in Vegas.  If you want to skip the rest of the review, just go to Bouchon and find out yourself.  The food ranges anywhere from very good to amazing and the prices are very reasonable.  My trips to Vegas would not be complete without a trip to Bouchon for at least brunch.  

I highly recommend the chicken and waffles.  A Half-chicken served with three waffles, chasseur sauce, and syrup.  The waffles are quite good.  Cooked with bacon and chives, they are crispy on the outside and light on the inside.  As for the chicken, I don't know if you can roast chicken any better than that.  The skin was crisp and the meat was deliciously flavorful and juicy.  If that isn't enough, the savory chasseur sauce on the side combines with the chicken to produce nirvana-inducing results.  I cannot stress how good this chicken is.  

As for the other things I have tried here:

Mussels - Highly approved, very fresh.  Their selections of sauces to go with the mussels are also very good.

Hamsteak - What was I thinking?  (I probably wasn't) The worst thing I've eaten here.  It was okay but too salty for me.

A daily special salmon dish - The sauce was so good that I just wanted to lick the plate after the fish was gone.  

Oh, if you happen to be a fan of pastry, you're in luck as well.  They have great pastries.  In particular, I'm a fan of the creme beignets.  I only had it once (it was offered as the daily special for the day) and these little pieces of fried dough filled with cream and covered in sugar should be illegal.  If that is a little too decadent/sweet/creamy for you, then the macaroons, crossaints, and tarts are all pretty good.  If you're wondering how I've managed to try all the pastries, they screwed up our order once, and to compensate, gave us enough pastries to fill ourselves for lunch AND dinner (never mind that I had ordered the Chicken and Waffles as well).  

As for the service, it's pretty hit or miss.  I've had very good service at Bouchon, and there have been times where the waiter conveniently forgets about us for long periods of time and forgets to refill our waters despite walking by ten different times.  It's okay, the food will more than make up for it.
