rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A SO...... I watch all these cooking shows on TV, I know the name of all the hot-shot chefs, but I've never, until now, been to one of their restaurants.
It's safe to say that after the experience we had at Bouchon, I am inspired to visit more high-end restaurants like these once in awhile.

Bouchon was a big treat for us, we don't normally splurge quite that big for dinner, but we were out celebrating our birthdays, we were going to see the Blue Man Group and so I ended up making reservation at Thomas Keller's Bouchon.
Being that we never splurge like this, we had decided that price wouldn't be a concern, we knew it would be pricey but to order whatever dish we wanted, it was a special treat after all.

After running in circles around the Venetian we finally found Bouchon!  We were greeted very nicely and promptly seated at a table where we immediately were served water and introduced to our waiter who explained every dish so that our mouths were watering before even having seen the menu!

We ended up ordering a gnocchi with chicken and some kind of cream sauce, along with a carrot soup (well it had a fancier name than that....it was kind of like a vichyssoise.) and I, of course, HAD to get the french onion soup.  Why dine at a top notch french restaurant without finding out what a top notch french onion soup would taste like?

For dinner I ordered the Bouchon steak it had, for a lack of a better common term, something reminiscing of potatoes au gratin, but the potatoes were shaved and stacked into a square with sauce between .... (I'm not fancy chef, so I can't remember the term for everything lol....).  My husband had the flank steak with french fries.

Now, before we even got to the food, they served us fresh baked bread, it was delightful!! Soft in the middle, crispy crust.... just like it should be! Butter came with it AND warmed pistachios!  I'd take a warm pistachio, eat it and then eat some bread and the flavor from the pistachio carried over to the bread, it was divine. Can't stop dreaming about it ;-) lol.

The rest of the food was also magnificent.  Have you had french fries that melt in your mouth??? Never! (Well, now I have.... thanks Bouchon!) Steaks, of course cooked to perfection.  
For dessert, they happened to have my very favorite one on special for the day, Creme Brulee!   It was perfect.  Sugary top that cracked when we poked our spoon through it, cream velvety vanilly goodness overflowing..... 


The service was of course impeccable. Every time I took a drink of water, the glass was topped off again.  After awhile I almost felt bad drinking any more, because the poor guy kept running back with the water jug after each sip! :)

Pricey? Yes. But we went for the experience of tasting a master chef's cuisine and for the atmosphere.  For one night and one night only, we didn't care much about the bottom line.  If you come to a fancy eatery like Bouchon, do yourself a favor and forget about the price.  Order what you want to taste because THAT is what you will remember for the rest of your life.   

I would definitely come back, I do recommend that if you are out to try an upper class type of restaurant with good food, Bouchon is a good one for sure :)

So put your blinders on for one night, make your reservation at Bouchon and treat yourself to a mouthful or two of Thomas Keller's excellent cuisine.  You will enjoy it.
