rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A "NO ONE TOUCHES THEIR FOOD UNTIL I'VE GOTTEN A PICTURE OF EVERYTHING!!!!!"

I LOVED this place. i had high expectations coming in, and they were met.  I was able to get a picture of everything we ordered, after nearly threatening to throw down anyone who touched their perfectly presented dishes without a picture to document the experience. The best part about eating with a group of people is the sharing. I'm the kind of gal that WILL try something if you offer. I guess in this case, I sort of offered myself on them. when it comes to great food, i have no same, baby, no shame.

We had the perfect table outside, and the weather was could not have been better. The place didnt seem as pretentious as I thought it would be (we had people with shorts and a t-shirt and we were fine) The place was semi causual, but the wait staff was 100% professional. Our server was super cool, and was very attentive to us at all times. 

After regretting not ordering the bloody mary at Mesa, I had to order one here (expecting it to be just as good) It was tasty, but I have to say that the Mesa bloody mary was just a tad more delicious. I believe coffee and perhaps OJ are complimentary (or they just didnt charge us for it, sweet!) 

I had the chance to try the Croque Madame, French Toast, Sourdough Waffles, and the Corned Beef Hash.

Croque Madam was superb. It was a ham and swiss sandwich between two pieces of brioche grilled and topped with a fried egg and a hollandaise. I usually don't like hollandaise, but the sauce was fantastic. It was lighter than I expected, and really made the dish for me. It was served with a heaping side of fries (which were pretty dang good as well with the jam says Rhett S!) The only thing is I'm lactose, so I couldn't eat the whole thing because of the sauce, but otherwise, it was definitely worth it!

French Toast. ($11.95) I'm usually not a sweets person in the morning. But this french toast was absolutely decadent, and would satisfy any sweet tooth. It was not your usual bread dipped in egg french toast. It was prepared like a bread pudding, with fresh custard and apples layered in between the pieces of brioche. It also came with maple syrup. YUM-O. 

Sourdough waffles with Strawberries, Candied Walnuts, and Tahitian Vanilla butter. ($11.95!!!) Our friend also asked for a side of whipped cream (which was also infused with vanilla). I can honestly say this was the absolute best waffle I have ever had. It was light and crispy, and the hint of vanilla whipped cream with the tartness of the strawberry was a serious jam sesh in my mouth. I would order this myself again when I go. 

Corned beef Hash was a hearty serving of potatoes and corned beef with two eggs any way you like with a side of toast. The corned beef was hearty, but not fatty like most places I've had. Really delicious stuff. 

All in all, I am so happy i had a chance to taste the food from the kitchen of thomas keller. It was a truly pleasurable experience, and I would highly recommend it!
