rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A 3.5! Man maybe this is more of a brunch spot or something? I wasn't that amazed by dinner but it was solid. Another weird thing is they just dump bread on your table lol i thought this was supposed to be classy, but it was like here's the bread have at it! 

Food-
Duck Confit- Texture, Crisp, and moisture of the duck was good. Flavor/richness left something to be desired but not bad.

Salmon Rilette- Never had rilette before. It was just ok for me but i have nothing to compare against really...if ur a fan of pate you can try this

Salmon Tartare- This was very good. I think I was imagining bigger pieces of salmon for some reason but that shouldnt be the case as this is a French cuisine. I feel like the salmon portion was just ok but what really made up for it were the surrounding ingredients. Good nonetheless

Roasted Chicken- Waiter recommended the chicken and pretty much hyped it up that it was the best chicken ever. Maybe it was hyped up too much. Id say it was chicken definitely done right but i dont think it was the juiciest chicken ive ever had nor was it the most flavorful.

Croque Madame- I had to get this just for sheer uniqueness. This is basically just a glorified ham sandwich lol. Probably the best ham sandwich ive ever had but still at 19 bux i dunno. My recommendation is to get it just to try it but i wouldnt get it again.

Desserts were good but nothing amazing. I think I enjoyed the chocolate mousse the most. 

Service was good but a lil up/down for me. For some reason before the entrees came, no one came to check up on us. I could have totally used another drink and by the entrees had come out maybe 10-15 mins later I had decided against it so if this is happening at all tables thats a lot of missed drink sales. Also, because we told the waiter we didnt think the chicken was THAT amazing, he threw in some free desserts so pts for that.

Overall, i enjoyed the food and the service but i dont think any single thing wowed me to a pt where i would have to come back.
