RMHAxJpSwkNC2WIfMokgVQ As soon as you cross the threshold, you are greeted enthusiastically by the waiter. This tiny restaurant has a massive reputation, but you would never guess it. It's tucked away in a tiny refurbished house on Guy. I think this contributes to the cozy ambiance; you really feel welcomed into a friend's home, but of course your friend is an EPIC cook.

The atmosphere sucks you in, it's lovely and intimate, the walls are decked with this legitimate 60's drapery.. Speaking of the 60's, they impregnate every inch of the place, from the deco to your service: the waiter is almost over-zealous, and will stop at nothing to please you, he will make kind chit-chat and hustle from table to table, he replies when you thank him. My parents identified the phenomenon as "old France", there is something pretty moving about it, both the fact that time seems to have stopped in there, as well as the dedication put into the place.


The menu is terrible in that everything is appetizing. My mom had to try the foie gras, which is not only excellent, but served with brioche, which I haven't seen done anywhere else (great thought!).  I ordered a sample of appetizers, which i would really recommend doing, they are all smashing. My onion pie was lovely, and the small salad came already seasoned. The Emmental soufflé was surprisingly large and filling, the texture was very spongy but the cheese taste was very strong, which was surprising in a good way. My snails were good, but then I love snails. 
My mom's stuffed pheasant was well-seasoned and served with small mushrooms.
The star of the dessert menu is definitely the Grand Marnier soufflé. They offer it in 2 sizes, small and big, which is really, normal and MASSIVE. Just before you eat, the waiter breaks it for you and allows English cream to filter in it. Mmmmm.
The orange mini pie is very tasty and served with burning Rhum, totally unusual. Their specialty, strawberry mille-feuilles is delicious but dense. They have a special menu for events, you can look it up on the web and make your selection since everything has to be per-ordered in that case. You can also rent their stunning wine cellar for events! Our waiter joked that since we liked the foie gras so much, we could order it for Christmas (to bring home to eat). He might have said that as a joke, but I shall test that anyway.
