RoGeo_pQ1TQc6Lyk4CSDgw I've been wanting to try this place for awhile, so last Saturday night as my bff and I searched for a restaurant close to home, we decided to give it a try. 

We called at around 6 for 7:30 reservations and were told that it wouldn't be a problem but that we might have to wait 10-15mins for our table. It was full when we got there but after the promised 10mins we were seated. 

The decor feels like upscale chain restaurant for lack of a better desciption - everything is nice, modern and "chic" but the place is too big to have a really upscale restaurant feel to it. 

The menu is 1 page but with plenty of options and intriguing choices - we had a hard time deciding what we were in the mood for! In the end, we decided the appetizers all looked too good to pass up and decided to share a few of those. 

We had heard great things about the LIL BIG MAKS  which were supposed to be mini burgers with the elusive McD's big mac sauce. They were adorable, 3 mini burgers  served with a mini container of spiced matchstick fries, and delicious with very fresh ingredients and a generous piece of meat. The sauce wasn't exactly big mac sauce but it was definitely good! 

We also couldn't resist the LOBSTER POGOS (I have a weakness for all things pogo!) They were 3 very generously-sized pogos served with lemon dill aioli. They were delicious - with slightly sweet batter that went very well with the lemon dill aioli dipping sauce. The lobster flavour wasn't very pronounced but very fresh. 

Our last choice was the BACON CHEDDER CROQUETTES which were a bit of a miss after the other 2 dishes. They were overly crispy and overly heavy and the bacon was a bit too smoky and overpowering. The serving was very generous - about 6 decently sized croquettes. 

We were sadly too full for dessert but their options looked tasty and we have to go back to try the deep fried oreos!

Prices were moderate - 3 shared appetizers and 2 glasses of wine came to about 85$ with tax and tip - but the portions and glasses were very generous and filling. 

Our waiter was adorable - very plesant and helpful. 

If you're in Laval, give it a try....its definitely better than a lot of the other chain restaurants in the area!
