rrfe1RPh6t3QG7BRghzjYA This is an update on my last review.
20 people from our dining out group went to Aix en Provence on Tuesday, March 8th. We had reservations for 28, but there is quite a bit of illness floating around our condo this spring. The eight cancellations came in on the day of our reservation. The owner of the restaurant was visibly upset that we were eight people short. We apologize profusely noting the illness of the patrons.  He made a snide comment and disappeared into the kitchen. That's not what you would expect when you have twenty paying customers on your doorstep. The two waiters assigned to our tables made up for the slight. Our waiter, Brian, had an exceptional touch in guiding our table through the dinner menu and wine list. 
The mussels were superb. They were tender and in a mildly spicy broth. The canard cassoulet was rich and spicy and delicious. The sausage and lardons played off the duck very well. And, The white beans mellowed out the richness of the rest of the dish. 
Even the hardest nosed gourmets at our tables had nothing but praise for the dishes that came out of the kitchen. It's a shame that the owner did not come out to visit at our tables as he is done previously. Maybe his attitude would have improved had he heard the kind comments from the diners in our group.
Upon our leaving, Brian wished us a good night and thanked us for visiting the restaurant.
We will go back.



My dining out partner and I are part of a dining out group. We were scouting out a new restaurant for the March event and chose Aix en Provence. We went there midweek. The owners have updated the restaurant. It is quite pleasant and warm feeling. Even though the menu is limited, there is enough variety where a diner has choices. The wine list is decent both by the bottle and by the glass. The service was superb. I ordered the escargot. It was nicely done with a miniature puff pastry on top of each snail. However, it did not have enough garlic for my taste. My partner had the frog legs. They were tasty and tender. My fresh pasta dish was perfectly done with a lamb ragout. In a ragout I prefer chunks of meat to diced meat as it was served. The French press coffee was strong, rich and flavorful without being bitter. The lemon tart was light and bright without the usual strong lemon aftertaste. It is served with a small scoop of thyme and basil flavored sorbet. It was refreshing. We will be going there in March with approximately 20 diners. We have high expectations; the manager said they can handle the crowd.
