rtlsfmdufArhk-47sWIf2w My foie gras was one of the best things I have ever eaten.  But long after I forget the taste, I will remember the path I took eating it.  You see, as the gentleman seated at the table next to us explains, the food at this restaurant is absolutely wonderful, but not the best in Vegas---you pay the  approx $110 per plate because of the presentation and the service.  Well said, my friend.  

Our path begins wandering through the strip trying to find a place to eat that suits our mood.  Unaware that we found a world class restaurant, we stumble into Le Cirque and ask if we could be seated.  "In the parlor" she says with her pleasantly but assertive French accent.  I am tempted to fall for the accent, but my mom is French, and I naturally rebel to that sound.  No merci, I say, we will try something else.  Mon dieu! a table for two somehow opened in the main restaurant.  I am not offended. Rather a bit proud, as if I passed a test..why must the French always test??  

The restaurant is aptly named.  The Bellagio fountains shooting off every now and then seen through the window are only background to the real show.  Under the tent is a hub-bub of activity with servers hustling here and there drawing laughs, suggesting wines, shaking hands, catering to whims..... You might suspect it to be noisy, but you are incorrect.  The decor is themed and consists pleasantly of soft orange and yellow and browns.     There must be a busy and jolly impressionist painting somewhere that is the inspiration.        

Back to the foie gras.  You start with the first bite, it melts.  As you make you way through the dish, each bite exposes a new series of tasty gems---oils , raisins, cranberries, nuts and different oils.  The fresh finish is a small tumble of clover.  

The wine, chosen by our server because we really have no idea how to choose from the hundred or so wines that range from $80 to several thousand dollars, smelled like roses. Oh no! we realize that we have not given ourselves enough time to fully enjoy this experience and make it to the 10:30 show.  "Monsieur, I regret to inform you that I have some unpleasant news.. you see, we have tickets."  "Oui, of course, I will make it work, I promise."  With a clap our new advocate chastises the nearest of the many staffers milling about---"where is their food---they have been waiting...  Do not worry my friends,"  Within minutes it is here.. my canard is in rich and flavorful medallions.  Not quite the foie gras, but excellent.   After two aperitifs each supplied, gratis, by you know who, the question of desert is our top issue.  One choice for something with chocolate and another for coconut.  She has made reference to the chocolate at least five times since we were there two days ago.  Mine was a fluffy creamy thing presented in a shell and provided a sweet surprise at the bottom.     We paid (ouch) and somehow made it to the show just as the music began!  

I suggest that your path finds its way to Le Cirque. It is not only a restaurant but a journey.
