rtlsfmdufArhk-47sWIf2w Some friends wanted to try this restaurant and as an enthusiastic food adventurer we agreed to go along and see what all the fuss was about. There were 5 in out group and after a short wait we were seated.
 To start with we were served an amuse-bouche of pureed peas with what looked to be a bit of mash mellow, this we all agreed was delightful. Next came the appetizer. I had the escargot and it was very good as well and I believe that everyone at the table enjoyed their choices as also. I have a weird restaurant theory that appetizers are usually the best things on the menu and my theory was mostly proven correct again. I think that the only person that really enjoyed their entree was my friend that ordered the the steak with the red wine reduction, this came at an additional cost of $ 45.00 which seemed like a lot considering that each of us paid $ 98.00 for our 3 course meals. I ordered the Black Cod and as a former fisherman in Canada and Alaska I know what great fish tastes like and this was not great fish!......my fault I guess, as I already know that fish should never be ordered unless you can see the ocean. My lovely girlfriend ordered the veal and it was not at all to our liking so consider yourself warned. Desert for the table was great for some and only OK for others. I had the crème brûlée which was fine but certainly not outstanding. The wait staff was great! Our waiter was a tall thin gentleman who had the perfect combination of tact, attentiveness and a friendly attitude. He as well as the other staff were very nice and accommodating.
 I would love to give this place a better rating but I just don't think we got our money's worth. Dinner for each of us ended up costing on average about $ 150 and that is a lot in my book......on the other hand it made me appreciate the great food that I get to enjoy at home ( Walla Walla WA) that cost significantly less and on most accounts is much better. I foolishly didn't look before hand on YELP to see how others had rated Le Cirque......you've been advised!
