rtlsfmdufArhk-47sWIf2w We LOVED our dinner at Le Cirque. The atmosphere is quiet and intimate. The decor, with draped canopy on the ceiling, feels romantic. The chairs are comfy. Our server was so attentive he made me nervous (haha). We opted for the pre-theatre menu without wine pairing (although I wish I had). Everything was A-M-A-Z-I-N-G.

Complementary:
One-bite Lobster Cake with Tomato Soup/Sauce - The lobster cake was good, although with just one bite, "good" is the only word I can describe it with. The tomato soup/sauce was a little too sour.

Bread & Butter - We both had the rosemary bread and loved it. It was fresh and still hot, there are bacon and some other stuff in there so the bread had flavor as is, but even better with the butter.

Appetizer:
Risotto du Marché - Mushroom Risotto. It was delicious, very flavorful, creamy but still with some bite. The nuts in there (macadamia I think?) made the dish more interesting.

Bisque de Homard - I had a couple bites of this from my boyfriend's plate, the soup was smooth and creamy and very flavorful, although boyfriend said it gets salty half way through.

Main Course:
Dos de Saumon Ecossais - The salmon was done to perfection, with the center still tender, but a bit too salty for my taste. I LOVED the parmesan gnocchi on the side, I got sad as they disappear on my plate.

Coeur de Filet de Boeuf - The steak too, was done to perfection (boyfriend asked for medium rare). I didn't have any of the side one-bites, but I did had a bite of the steak, and it was so so flavorful.

Dessert:
We were served three things: Chocolate Sphere with Praline Mousse, White Chocolate Ice Cream, and Hazelnut Caramel Crunch for me, Young Coconut with Passion Fruit Mousse, Pineapple Compote, and Mango Sorbet for my boyfriend, and a platter of five two-bites for the both of us.

Watching the Chocolate Sphere melt open as they pour hot chocolate sauce on it was as good as eating the sphere itself. The Coconut dessert was so good I stole it from my boyfriend and gave him my sphere. It was foamy on the surface, the sorbet was tangy, and there are real fruits in there.

At the end, we were given a cute little drawer with two chocolates inside to take home. I anticipated trying this place out and we were both glad that we did.
