rtlsfmdufArhk-47sWIf2w How Michelin awarded Le Cirque anything less than 2 stars I'll never know.  While I haven't been to Joel Robuchon (the only 3 star in Vegas), I've been to the other 2 stars and this is at least as good, probably better.

I've been a member of Yelp for quite some time now, and this is my first review.  The meal was so good I felt I needed to share.

The Restaurant
A wonderfully intimate, yet whimsical, environment that's puts you in the mood for a fun evening out.  There is a small bar area where you can enjoy a drink while waiting for your table.  I recommend their signature cocktail, the Veuve Framboise (it's like a really good Kir Royale).  Mmmm.  When you arrive at your table, you might even be blessed with a view of the Bellagio fountains.

The Service
Le Cirque has mastered the art of constantly checking in on your table from a slight distance to make sure everything is going well.  There is nothing worse than enjoying a great meal with constant bombardment from the staff.  Each member of the staff has certain roles.  For example, only the sommelier refilled our wine glasses.  Nice touch!  Speaking of the sommelier, he suggested a great Bordeaux that was reasonably priced.

The Food
No matter how great the decor or service is, the bottom line is the food.  Each dish that came out (we each had an app, entree, and dessert) was better than the last.  I started with risotto that had freshly shaved truffles and champagne.  One of the best risotto dishes I've ever had.  In fairness, this was a fairly expensive supplement to the standard cost but well worth every penny.  This was followed by a duck course that was prepared in about 3 different styles.  I'm craving a return trip just for this dish!  My meal ended with a chocolate souffle.  Shockingly enough, it was great.  ;)

I've been to many of the top restaurants in Las Vegas, and I can say that whenever I get asked for a recommendation for high end dining in the city, Le Cirque will be the first restaurant I mention.
