rtlsfmdufArhk-47sWIf2w Le Cirque is amazing and as best as it can in every way. Food was fantastic, the interior was the most beautiful with a circus element, and it is needless to say how amazing it was to dine while looking out the Bellagio fountain. The service was top class and the waiters were very attentive, working closely to cater to the needs of the diners. 

Before I go further on to describe more about the restaurant and my experience, I must say that I was quite impressed with one thing. To keep the story simple, I went to Le Cirque with a group of people and some members do not drink and have never drank wine before, and were demanding for fruity non-alcoholic drinks, which is just about the most embarrassing thing that one can do in a fine dining restaurant particularly French. And most importantly, we were generally quite underdressed, which undoubtedly gave off the impression that we were some locals from California that visited Vegas for the first time. For an upscale French restaurant, this could tilt the waiters to act with more contempt, and one cannot reason why this is happening. To my surprise, and different from my previous experiences in situations like this in a fine dining restaurant, the waiters, including the manager, were totally unpretentious and treated us with great attentiveness. This may not sound like nothing much to anyone else, but this contributed quite largely to my pleasant experience at Le Cirque.

I disagree with many people who mentioned that Le Cirque was surreally, or extremely expensive. If you are in Vegas, most places are extremely overpriced with less than decent food. You are expected to pay more anywhere you go unless you go to fast food restaurants. I would like to say that Le Cirque is not overly priced for what it offers. Given that they serve top class French course meal, with the Bellagio fountain view, and an interior that is arguably the most romantic in Las Vegas, I believe that people are getting just about what they are paying for. Don't forget that this is Vegas, people. 

The restaurant itself is quite small, the ambience of the restaurant is warm and intimate. The degustation course that we had was phenomenal and every course was an excitement, a reason to live and die for, and titillating (not a good choice of word here) to the taste buds. I went with the Le Cirque Lobster salad, sauteed Foie Gras with white chocolate & raison brioche, paupiette of Loup de Mer (a sea bass interpreted differently), and Wagyu Kobe beef tenderloin, finished off with Creme Brulee Le Cirque. As you can see in the pictures, they are quite amazing, not only in presentation, but how tasteful and memorable each dish was. Even the plates, utensils were beautiful, making it more pleasing to the eyes. I must say that what amazed me the most was their selection of desserts. Every single one of them is fantastic. Our table ordered every single one, and shared all of them. I'm not gonna lie, it was a party. 

I am glad that I had a chance to go to Le Cirque and if I go back to Vegas with my beloved one, I would love to go again. Please be sure to make reservations before you make the trip though. It would be very sad if I had your hopes up and then you found out the restaurant was fully booked week after another.
