rtlsfmdufArhk-47sWIf2w My fiancee and I had the pleasure of eating here for my 29th birthday tonight.  I have always wanted to eat at a Michelin star restaurant, and after reading about other restaurants in Vegas on Yelp, we chose to celebrate at Le Cirque.

We arrived 15 minutes early, and were quickly seated at our table overlooking the Bellagio Water Show.  The dining room was impeccably decorated with a playful circus decor.  Having already perused the menu online before traveling to Vegas, we knew what we wanted to order.  I chose the Degustation Menu (5-course), my fiancee went with the Pre Fixe (3-course), and we both had wine pairings.

Our meal started with an amuse-bouche: a turnip soup for her, and an oyster for myself.  This was followed by a lobster salad, and foie gras terrine for my fiancee.  Both were amazing.  The foie gras terrine was the most beautifully plated dish of the night, accompanied with a date, fruit gelee, fig jam, and a raisin brioche.  My next dish was the sauteed foie gras atop white chocolate brioche, roasted pear, and a butterscotch caramel.  It was the most amazing dish of the night - melted in your mouth like butter, just like good foie gras should.  The wine pairing was a sweet wine that accompanied the caramel/raisin very well.  This was the first time my fiancee had foie gras, and she is definitely now a fan.

My next course was sea bass with a pinot noir reduction (paired with a glass of the same pinot), and was delicious.  Our entrees came out at the same time, which was honey-glazed duck breast and duck confit for me, and the Homard Retour d'Asie for her.  The Homard was composed of Maine Lobster tail and claws, King Crab ravioli, with pureed asparagus.  Yum.

A pre-desert course consisted of a raspberry gelee with pop rocks - a nice palate cleanser.  My fiancee asked for the chocolate sphere, and I was not offered a choice.  When the deserts arrived, she got a chocolate souffle instead, and I had some sort of raspberry sorbet.  We didn't feel the need to complain about the mistake, and were not disappointed with the change - the souffle was awesome.  In addition, they brought by a tray of petit fours which were also very good.

The overall atmosphere was inviting, with a playful circus theme and great views of the Bellagio Fountain show.  The food was top notch and there was no surprise that the restaurant is a 5-diamond AAA and Michelin star recipient.  The food was easily some of the best food I have ever had the pleasure of consuming.  Being from Miami, we are used to pretty lousy service, so it doesn't take much to impress us in that regard. The sommelier was very knowledgable and provided us with great parings.  There was more than ample wait staff  - it looked like there were sometimes 2 or 3 per table.  The only downside of the entire AMAZING night was the minor mistake with the dessert.  I highly recommend this to anyone visiting Vegas with a sophisticated palate and a few extra dollars - well worth it!
