rtlsfmdufArhk-47sWIf2w The atmosphere is fantastic at Le Cirque. The town is such a busy place and when you walk in it is as if you are somewhere else. It's beautiful, quiet, and the staff are incredible. I must admit I am not a veteran of the high dining scene, I have merely dipped my toes a few times. The staff are masters of their craft and the service was polite, informative, genuine, and funny. I cannot applaud them enough. 

I went with a couple of friends of mine and I ordered a vodka cocktail and the five course menu. Regrettably I forgot the ingredients of the cocktail but I believe it's name is the Le Solitaire and it was pleasant. 

First course was the yellowtail with heart of palm and a nice vinaigrette. The fish was silky, not the slightest bit fishy and in every way exceeded expectations. Obviously the plating was amazing as well. 

Second course was foie gras with buckwheat and a st. Germaine sauce. It was decadent and fatty and just hit on all levels.

Between courses the chef sent us a complimentary bite to try. I remember it was incredible but regretfully I only remember some of the ingredients. I believe it was a foam/carrot sort of thing, amazing and appreciated though. 

Third course was a scallop with a coconut Thai sauce. I must admit I am not a fan of scallops but I took a risk on this. It was fresh, the sauce was yummy, and the plating was very cool. Overall though I wish I traded it out for something else, the best scallop on earth is simply not for me, and this was a fun way to learn that haha. 

Fourth course was the Kobe beef with a nice bordelaise sauce, oxtail in a potato cylinder of sorts and a fine mushroom. best steak I've ever had....best sauce too! The oxtail was also divine. 

Then the waiter brought us a palate cleanser. A sort of orb of juice that was very welcome after the heavier dishes. 

Last was the chocolate ball desert. A ice cream ball made of chocolate hazelnut that they melt with hot chocolate. Addicting and soooo tasty! 

Overall an amazing experience, the staff is flawless, it truly is a top notch resturant that everyone should try.
