rtlsfmdufArhk-47sWIf2w Oh my what a meal and what a deal. Me and the wife couldn't resist the deal that the pre theater menu presented. $98 with wine pairing for a 3 course prix fixe cannot be beat especially when the food and service is this good. 

Atmosphere
The circus theme is gorgeous, the lighting dim and pleasant, the music classy and quiet. The seating is very comfortable and the signature plates with the restaurant name on them are a nice touch. The silver ware arrives and removed every course. The napkins are a thick soft fabric and don't have that over washed bleached feel of lesser restaurants. We asked for fountain view seating and although you can see the fountains in this restaurant I would recommend just enjoying Le Cirque. It was nice being able to see a glimpse of the fountains with dinner but at the same time you couldn't hear the music the fountains were performing to so it was just pretty water at that point.

Service
Wow, wow, wow, wow, did I say wow? I mean literally I felt like I was the only person in the dining room. While my food was in front of me and I was eating I felt like I was alone in the room. As soon as I had finished and it was apparent I was done eating my plate magically disappeared, my setting cleared, and my water topped off. It was amazing and just down right impressive the level of service provided in this place. It was our anniversary and they made sure to wish us a happy anniversary as well as have it written in chocolate on our dessert plates. Our wait staff was personable and great everyone was just stellar. Not only that but after dinner the manager personally emailed us and thanked us for dining with them. If I could award them a extra star I would without hesitation. 

The food

Amuse bouche
It was a small glass of tomato gazpacho with fresh veggies and a small butter pastry on the side. What a mouth watering start this was a complex flavored tasty little treat to start us out. The pasty was so soft and buttery it was a true Amuse Bouche in every sense.

First course
Risotto Du Marche 
Me and the wife both wanted risotto and boy did we make the right choice. It was a mushroom risotto with a blend of gruyère and one other cheese I cannot recall. This dish was hearty, flavorful, and just down right amazing. 

The wine pairing was a crisp chardonnay that blended well with the dish and was surprisingly sweet for a chardonnay. 

Main course
I had the Salmon and my wife selected the Sea Bass.

My salmon was perfectly cooked with a nice sear on the top. I requested mine cooked medium and the kitchen nailed it. The gnocchi and vegetables were amazing and complemented the dish perfectly. The portion was a perfect size and was a much more filling dish then I expected. 

My wifes sea bass was a more simple dish with the bass, a bed of simple veggies, and a pinot noir reduction. The reduction was amazing the fish well prepared and she was very pleased with it. 

Wine Pairing was a nice pinot noir  it was a lighter pinot noir and was a very good match for our fish as it was not over powering. 

Dessert
My wife was given the souffle and was given the chocolate sphere. Oh my were these desserts exquisite. They were sweet, decadent, and extremely good. These are very rich desserts and I cannot even begin to embellish how outstanding these were. They also serve a assortment of small chocolates and candies that are outrageously good. 

Wine Pairing
An amazing moscato was served paired with our dinner and it was so good I am literally searching where to buy it. We love moscato and this was by far one of the best we have tasted. 

Simply put if you are in town and want a stunning meal, great service, romantic elegant atmosphere, and even a little view of the fountains this is the place to do it.
