rtlsfmdufArhk-47sWIf2w "We'll always have a table for you at Le Cirque" was the parting words from our fantastic meal.  Honestly, the chocolate coffee bread could have elevated this place to a five out of five stars.  When they offer it to you, take it!  The service was different than any other place I've been to.  It was top notch, but there was an extra factor of personality that you just don't get everywhere.  I feel I have had better service at a few other places, but those establishments had people just standing around scanning the dining room to see where they can assist.  Le Cirque was still very attentive and would be considered some of the best service if they weren't personable.  But they were...  They were all so friendly on a personalized level and I think that elevates this service above anywhere else.  We were asked to have our photo taken with our own camera so many times.  They offered, we didn't have to ask.  That just makes my wife's life so much easier.  She also tested them with this by having five thousand, three hundred and twenty-seven photos taken of us there.  When the artwork that they said was edible food was presented, we were advised to have our video camera out if we want to capture the presentation.  

Every single serving of food was explained in great detail.  I heard the sommelier explain the wines to every table.  We talked to the table next to us about the meal and watched as other people ordered amazing dishes.  

Lastly, I'm a big fan of ginger, so I love mule drinks.  Their mule drink had so much incredible flavor.  It was the best mule I've ever had.  The drinking vessel was this heavy copper pineapple cup, with a macaron on top of the pineapple lid.  

I have only been to Las Vegas a few times, so I would rather try different places than attend the same place again.  It seems unlikely that I would return in my lifetime, but the experience was so extremely positive, that I would highly consider returning on a future visit.  I feel that speaks volumes to the experience we had.  

Also, the chef signed the menu for us as an anniversary present.  We were also provided with some takeaway truffles too.  Thank you for such a personalized meal!
