rtlsfmdufArhk-47sWIf2w Le Cirque reminds me of my teenage years, when I had to go to the Bible study retreats. I've never felt so out of place other than those times. I thought to myself afterwards: so this must be what it feels like to be a Democrat in a room full of Republicans...

After months of research and comparison, needless to say, I was exultant over my Christmas day/Anniversary dinner reservation with Le Cirque. I was looking forward to this decadent dinner for months even prior to my arrival to Las Vegas. 

When this evening finally arrived, I practically was skipping all the way from my room in Cosmopolitan to Bellagio. Upon arrival, the hostess told us that they're prepping our table for us, I thought to myself: Yes, just like what I requested over the phone, they're seating us at the table with a nice view of the Bellagio fountain (which was suggested to me when I mentioned this will be a third year anniversary dinner with my BF.) After 45 minutes of waiting and two cocktails (during which time we had a fantastic time with the gentleman who was attending the bar,) we were finally seated. Our table was two rows away from the window seats, while there were other empty window seats that were left unoccupied. 

Don't get me wrong, the food and the services were beyond amazing. We had the pleasure of ordering out of the entire Christmas Day tasting menu (since there were two options from each category.) Somehow, I still felt strangely awkward. I enjoyed dishes such as Le Cirque's famous lobster & avocado salad, creamy risotto with alba white truffles, Japanese A5 wagyu kobe beef, and of course, the chocolate ball.

It wasn't until I left the restaurant, I realized no one had mentioned anything about my 3-year anniversary with my BF. We didn't get any of those treatments that people raved about when they decided to come to Le Cirque to celebrate their relationships' milestone. My BF on the other hand, had a wonderful experience. I guess in the end that's all it mattered. But, if someone asks: would I go back to Le Cirque again the next time I'm in Vegas? Probably not. I had a better dining experience at Alizé and Eiffle Tower.
