rtlsfmdufArhk-47sWIf2w I must say, I've eaten at many fine dining restaurants across the world, and after living in Las Vegas for many years now, Le Cirque is definitely THE global standard for upscale French dining.  Yes, it's expensive, but it is definitely worth the money- you can taste the money you're spending, hahahaha, and I mean that in a good way.

First off, the decor is amazing.  I've never seen an establishment pull of a circus-like decor, hence its namesake.  The entire restaurant is eclipsed by a tent-like ceiling made of sheer fabrics of exotic yellows, oranges, and bright vermillions.  The seating is somewhat close to each other, close enough for intimate conversations but not space-invading to the point of intrusion.

From the moment the hostess led us to our table, the front-of-house service ran lack clockwork.  Greeted by the maitre d' and the manager, they were then followed by the sommelier who explained what kind of wine to pick since I was fairly picky about what wine I drink with my food.  Sadly, I don't remember what kind it was- all I know is that it was  Chardonnay.  The busser arrived with fiji water and the server came to explain the menu.  He should've saved his breath- I knew exactly what to order.

So then I ordered from the prix fixe menu.  From the traditional side, I started off with escargot.  I've tasted it before, but I wanted to taste it from a French chef.  It was amazing.  It was like nothing I've ever tasted.  The texted was soft and slightly slimy, but that's because of the juices that the escargot was served with.  My buddy got foie gras (yes, I know, we wanted to go all-out French), and it was also very good.  It didn't taste like typical liver of any sort, but it was definitely a taste that few could appreciate.

For the main course, I got a plate of different sorts of seafood- it had a leg of a crab, scallops, and other crustacean stuff.  It was fairly small- I think the escargot was actually bigger, but no matter- it was still amazing.

I can't remember what dessert I had, probably because it didn't taste like anything special in comparison with the appetizer and the main course, but I did remember the waiter serving us a tray of assorted bon-bons (French word for candy) and a box of truffles for each of us.  The synthetic silk box had two truffles- both very tasty, but the bon-bons was what impressed me.  They were all different; different looking and they tasted different as well.  I asked for another plate of them and they gave it to me in a to-go box!  What amazing service :)

All in all, this is an amazing restaurant.  This will NEVER fail to impress a dinner date, unless she's eaten at somewhere ridiculous like a French restaurant on top of the Pyrenees during springtime with an accordion player playing tableside on the cobblestone street, lavender aromas from the fields nearby grazing your nose while complimenting the taste of your.. bouillabaisse.. straight from the Mediterranean.

So unless you can find that here in Las Vegas, it's best to just stick to the next best thing.
