rtlsfmdufArhk-47sWIf2w I was in Las Vegas for vacation and i was really looking forward to eating at Le Cirque, unfortunately i was really let down... I went in the restaurant about a hour and a half early to confirm my reservation and this gentleman really wanted to make it a point that there was a dress code (we were in street close at the time) and said it in a snotty attitude, several times. This already put a bad taste in my mouth (we got you the first 4 times). Well anyways, we arrived at our reservation time and sat us down at the table. They asked us if we wanted drinks (alcoholic) and if we wanted to see the wine list as well. We declined, and told them we had drinks prior to arrival at another location and just wanted tea. The waiter seem to take extreme offense to this and black listed us for the entire meal. We constantly had to ask him to come over if we needed something, meanwhile he was attending to everyone else, but us. When we called him over, he always had a attitude and was "shocked" that we had to ask for something. For my meal i had the Citrus Risotto, which was absolutely amazing, the scallops...which was okay and the chocolate ball for dessert. Over all the food was decent. But when paying well over $500 for a meal, I expected a lot more. I was really looking forward to coming here, but was let down immensely. I went to Joel Robuchon the next night for dinner and everything was PERFECT about the meal, it made this meal completely forgettable. As i talked about dress code earlier and how the manager made it clear that dress code was really important, they let this group of 4 in wearing extremely basic clothing. One guy had a yellow Abercrombie shirt on with blue jeans, one guy had a plain white shirt on with gym shorts and these two ladies, just had regular clothes on as well. My party was extremely shocked by this. Another thing that blew me away was that the entire wait staff (it seemed), flocked to this table and EVERYONE wanted to help them. If you want a true memorable experience, go to Joel Robuchon, you wont be disappointed.
