3rj1qpgFvkRWtAka17mhEQ Came in because it was close to home and they were running a deal with $10 off $30. Even though it's close to home we havent gone in maybe a year. Last time we had a positive experience....boy, what a difference a year makes. 

Hostess that sat us I think was crying. Her eyes were red and wet. Maybe it's allergies, but if it's not...Jesus, somebody give her a 10 minute break to cool down. Just heartless if the girl got some bad news or having a bad day and they just put her in the front to be the supposed to be smiling first face you see. 

We sat in a corner booth and the table was dirty and the drape decor in our booth was dusty. There was this sewer smell that we couldn't quite place that was on that side of the restaurant and was on and off. We moved booths and it wasn't as bad, but you get a whiff sometimes...should've left....shoudl've fucking left then. 

Bf got their Summer 3 course meal which you pick a soup or salad, a entree and a petite dessert. French Onion Soup- okay, nothing special. Chicken& Asparagus Ravioli- the chicken pieces were shredded breast and was overcooked. The sauce had a flavor about it...it was overly seasoned with oregano that you couldn't taste anything else. (We started to get our food and thats when the smell came back too- should use the other side of the restaurant if the smell is on this side of the place).  Dessert- Cinammon Beignets w/ custard inside served with chocolate and raspberry sauce- too doughy, but was okay. 

I got beef bourguignon. It was good, but this was no borguignon. It's pot roast with gravy and vegetables thrown on it. They gave me grilled asparagus on it which is a plus with me since I love em grilled. Mashed potato served with it wasn't seasoned.  I got a petite treat of the bread pudding. This wasn't petite, it was actually a pretty big serving. It wasn't good. Dense dry, and then the syrup which is normally yummy butterscotchy syrup was just syrup. It didn't taste like anything, it was just sweet. C'mon even Station casinos one comes with a vanilla custard and good syrup on it. 

Highlight of the meal for me was the free breadbasket. I like their carrot cake loaf. 

The service was attentive I'll give them that. Our drinks were refilled, we were checked on. Now if the kitchen crew and cleaning crew can get with it. Food was not good and the place isn't deep cleaned so they're slacking off. 

The BF was not feeling it and left a bit annoyed and not  wanting to come back. 

Now the kicker- I just got home and threw up, twice already. 

Yeah, we're not coming back nor letting any of our friends eat here. I have a nose and throat infection developing so I feel like shit already and no, this kind of getting sick doesn't make me throw up. Thanks for making my day the worse it can possibly be.
