rtlsfmdufArhk-47sWIf2w My dinner experience at Le Cirque was one of those that was so good I'll remember it for years.

The food: They have a tasting menu and an ala carte menu.  We did the ala carte menu.  However, they provided a small appetizer which was a butternut squash soup with mini marshmallows.  It was soooooooo good.  If it was a regular menu item, I would've ordered a gallon of it.  

For the main course, I had the Coeur de Filet de Boeuf which was to die for.  The portion was not to big and the foie gras that came on the side was excellent.  

For dessert, they gave each table a cute tray with assorted petite fours.  I tried one or two of them and they were excellent.  My boyfriend had the chocolate souffle which was perfect, the level of sweetness was just right.  I had the creme brulee which was perfect, it came with a small scoop of lemon gelato that was topped with edible gold... yes, that's right, edible gold.  Finally, they do give each table a really cool gift box that has two delicious truffles.

The food was excellent and you could tell they put a lot of thought into their dishes.

Service: Truly amazing.  I was a little worried that my boyfriend and I were going to deal with condescending waiters who would label us as young kids who had no business in being in a frou frou restaurant.  This was not the case at all.  Everyone was polite and courteous and we got the same level of service that the other customers got.  Every staff member knew where they had to be and you could see how everything worked like clockwork.

Ambiance:  Its a small restaurant which for me, made me feel special.  It's circus themed with the ceiling looking like a tent top.  Paintings are of circus scenes.  My favorite thing though were the dishes.  They were monkey themed and I am the hugest monkey fan.  The restaurant has a view of the Bellagio fountains.

After my experience, I understand why this restaurant is a 5 star award winner.  While the prices may scare you away, I say its worth going and checking out.  It will definitely be one of your most memorable meals.
