rtlsfmdufArhk-47sWIf2w Fantastic food, impeccable service, absolutely brilliant dining experience.

 I've sampled several other "high end" Vegas dining options in my previous trips but Le Cirque put them all to shame. Le Cirque is certainly expensive but I'd consider it better value for the cost than similarly priced alternatives (Micheal Mina, Picasso, SAGE, Eiffel Restaurant). I'd very much recommend the 6 course Tasting Menu (135) with the wine pairings (68 and 88 I believe). You can't go wrong with either the standard or the premium wines and they really are intended as an integral part of the meal. Some of the pairings are adventurous and wholly surprising (A red wine with the cod; a caramel, almost chocolatey, wine with the creme brulee) and I found these to be the most rewarding of the bunch. Moreover, the food is not only delicious but aesthetically pleasing. Foie gras has never looked or tasted as good as when accompanied by apricots and chocolate sauce. However you should be aware that the full tasting menu is quite time consuming (at least 2 hours) but the staff is so precise and the new courses so well timed that it never drags. I realized that quite a few of the costumers preferred that prix-fixe 98 dollar 3 course option where you have the option of mixing and matching just about anything from the menu. 

The staff itself is professional and courteous to the fault. Our head server described all the dishes as they were served with the precision of a mathematician while the head sommelier was wonderfully gregarious, telling us the history behind every wine in French (with a native accent, of course). The decor is charming and whimsical yet classy.  

Strangely at the end of our meal, the head server for our table offered his assistance in  finding us a car/limo service, club passes, and show tickets. I've personally never been offered concierge service by a French waiter but I suppose a restaurant priding itself on the thoroughness of its service like Le Cirque might potentially offer such services.
