rtlsfmdufArhk-47sWIf2w Probably because I didn't come here as hungry as I would have liked, but the meal fell below my standards. My standards for a meal like this would probably be Fleur de Lys in San Francisco, and Bistro de Paris in Orlando. This isn't to say that Le Cirque wasn't good - I enjoyed my meal, but my expectations were a bit higher than what was delivered to us, because of the service and the food.

The atmosphere is beautiful. You can see the Bellagio water show multiple times through the windows, and the interior is decorated accordingly - like a glamorous circus. I loved the murals, the drapery on the ceiling, and the whole French circus meets designer theme.

Service - I docked a star for this. We were served by many different servers. I was surprised, to say the least; he only time I've ever had that happen is in chain restaurants that I frequent for good happy hour sushi deals. This became a problem when we needed something because we were not sure which server to call over, and they never seemed to come around enough. On top of that, they were polite, prompt, and smooth, but that was it, and at a restaurant of this caliber, I expected much, much more. More description of the dishes, more coming around to check up on us, or maybe introducing your name (oh wait, that would have happened multiple times because we had multiple servers). And no, being French is not an excuse; the other fine French restaurants I've dined at have delivered impeccable, WAY-above-the-bar service, and I have never failed to remember our server's name because they are THAT good.

I got the foie gras saute as an appetizer, le lapin (rabbit) as my main course, and delice de framboise (raspberry sorbert, raspberry milkshake, raspberry gelee) for dessert.

The foie gras was good, but I wish I went with the foie gras au torchon instead; the foie gras was tender and juicy, and the caramel was interesting, though it was not to my liking when the sweet and salty mixed (or rather, clashed) together. The fruit was a great accent and I wish there was more of that flavor to balance out the foie gras, rather than the caramel butterscotch that they used.

The rabbit had nice texture, but was rather heavy. I don't think the roasted loin did anything for the dish in terms of enhancing its flavor, but the ravioli was delicious and new. The flavor was too salty, in my opinion; I kept trying to avoid the riesling sauce whenever I took a bite..

Delice de framboise was near heaven. The sorbet was the perfect texture, and was complemented perfectly by the raspberry milkshake and gelee that it sat upon. Its plating was also gorgeous, in a nestlike bowl atop a pink sugar nest, and with gold flakes and a curved strip of chocolate.

I'm not sure who, but someone definitely escorted us out as we were leaving and cheerily said that they hoped to see us again and that they hoped we enjoyed it and etc., etc. He sounded very friendly, very genuine, and if service had been like that all night, this place would have gotten 4 stars instead of 3 from me.

So, in short, a nice meal with beautiful atmosphere and good food... but service is merely average (not to mention confusing with the multiple servers) and I'm sure that, being in Las Vegas, you could find a finer restaurant that will deliver a finer culinary experience to your taste buds.

Sorry Le Cirque. I wanted to like you so badly, but I was not blown away like I wanted to be (so, so badly). Maybe it was cause I was wearing jeans and a jacket and had no time to change and dress up... but to be fair, my jeans alone cost more than our entire meal (so you can't say I dressed like a cheapass and that's why I got subpar service, haha).
