s-zwyD8YOm-y3AbRrsRx7w To sum up the experience: PERFECT

We went on a groupon but despite that, were treated courteously and without discrimination.

Food: entree: Swiss fondue = was literally tempted to lick the pot after we had scraped every cm of the pot clean.. Super delicious.. 
Main: Jagerschnitzel which is veal cutlet with mushroom sauce and my boyfriend had Zuri Gschnatzlets which is veal in creamy sauce.. Both super filling.. Came with hash and carrots. The server offered some bread too which was nice and considerate.. Huge portions!! Nice and flavourful.. 
Dessert: Swiss meringue and my boyfriend had coupe Danemark = both which made me sigh with pleasure deeply as soon as I took a bite! (I kid you not!) so super awesome!

Wine: perfect recommendation. Met our preference and complemented with everything we ate. $35 (excl. tax) for the bottle but since we were saving through the groupon, we decided to indulge.. :P

Ambiance: would love to live there, if possible! It was as if Montreal disappeared outside and as if we were vacationing in the alps! It was such a homey cozy yet elegant cabin! Very well decorated and live piano music! Candle lit tables.. (super romantic :D) even if it wasn't a date like the one we'd plan, dress up and behave,my boyfriend and I literally felt as if we were in such a planned date.. Just the restaurant did all the arranging!

Service: super nice: I felt pampered!! Kind and considerate servers. They literally asked us if we'd like to take some break and just enjoy the wine between the main and dessert and this was so deeply appreciated since the portions were super huge! We opted for that, finished the wine because didn't want to have wine with dessert.. Listened to the pleasant piano music in the background, conversing away like we never did before!! The time to become ready for dessert was so convenient and comfortable, we both really really appreciated that break! 
Mind you-this was a Saturday evening peak dinner time during the long weekend!! They were at full capacity! DESPITE this! They asked us if we'd just like to take a break. Now THAT is hospitality and a courteous, amazing dining experience!

I would definitely recommend and personally return! Yes it's pricey but omg so worth it!!! I would rather go some place like this than be snubbed/have pretentious service despite paying $$$$ for the meal or be discriminated for being cheap for paying half the price. Definitely worth a visit people! Complete immersive Swiss experience :)
