s1w-XoUJ2wuK9OJ7ivpi3Q Went in for "Happy Hour", which is Tues-Friday 4-5pm. A very brief window, we walked in at like 4:59 and they honored the specials menu. Which had maybe like 8 items on it all for $9.99. Can't beat that price for quality food. Gave us a chance to give this place another try. Previously I was not impressed, I was still mourning the former restaurant, Noodle Cha Cha. 

I ordered the Cod Fish n Chips, it had another fancy name. My husband ordered the Steak n Frites. Service was better than last time, last time they checked on us every two seconds it was annoying. This time our waiter was spot on with timing. After we ordered bread and butter was brought out. Which was good, would like butter softened and not so frozen. The food came out fast, mine was a big pile of onion rings on top of tempura sweet potatoes and green beans, on top of two pieces of breaded cod with a side of fries. It was a fried overload! Everything was good but if I knew the fish was breaded, I wouldn't have ordered. When I think fish n chips I think beer battered. The tempura sweet potatoes were my favorite thing on the plate. I thought the fries would at least be something special, like thick steak fries. Being British I suppose I have higher standards for my fish n chips. 

We did have to send my husband steak back. He ordered medium rare it came out close to well done. It was a good quality steak seasoned well but was too done for him. Next steak came out quick, a little too quick, his steak was blue! He ate it because that was closer to how he likes and didn't want to wait again.  But I could hear the moos!  

Since we saved on our meal we decided to try out some desserts. I had the creme brûlée, and I was disappointed to see a big pile of whipped cream on top of that crunchy sugar layer! I scrapped it off immediately but the damage was done. The hard top that you long to break was softened :( the outside rim still kept the crunch and was delicious! Told the waiter they need to serve the whipped cream, which was yummy, just on the side. My husband got tiramisu and well it was equally yummy!
