3rj1qpgFvkRWtAka17mhEQ I've been to various Mimi's around the country, but something seemed "off" about this one.

Americans are overfed and our restaurants and fast food joints give us portions that are just way too big. But this location, the portions are too small. I was dining with nine other people, and all of us were left wondering if we accidentally ordered an appetizer. 

I had the soup and half a sandwich. You're given about half a cup of soup and out of the sandwich choices I opted for the turkey on rye. I think when I said rye the waitress heard wheat (we'll get to her later) so I was given a small sandwich (about size of an iphone) toasted with the crust cut off.

My waitress was a hot mess. I don't blame Mimi's, it was hers. I came a little late and as soon as I sat down, she came over to take my drink order. I ordered water and hot tea. Within seconds she was back with my water and a wooden display with various types of tea and honey. But no tea cup. She said she'd be right back with it. She came to take our orders and I reminded her about the tea cup. She came back to deliver the sparkling champagne some ordered. I reminded her about the tea cup. She delivered some salads. I reminded her about the tea cup. Finally, after about 40 minutes of this, I went to the bar and got it myself. Of course, as soon as I walked back with it, the waitress says "I was just about to go get it!"

Back to my sandwich. I ordered the turkey on rye with no cheese, add mustard the sandwich comes with mayo, tomato and lettuce. The sandwich was delivered to me with nothing between the bread (wheat, not rye) but turkey. No mustard, no mayo, no tomato, no lettuce. When I asked my waitress what the deal was, she didn't get rude, but she did insist that that's the way I ordered the sandwich. She messed up all 10 orders. Each time she insisted that she had taken our ordered exactly as we'd given them to her. Again, she wasn't rude, but it was obnoxious.

Of course when the check came it was another hot mess express from our dear waitress.

Sigh.
