sARavfidmIS878q5BtlyVQ I definitely consider myself a foodie. I've traveled the globe dining at places I've heard had great reputations. I had never heard of è before and a friend invited me saying her original guest canceled. I've never been happier with a dinner invite I accepted. 

As I'm sure you've read/seen at this point you do receive a golden ticket about a week before your reservation slot. (I did not because like I stated I was a guest of my friends reservation). 

We went on Wednesday November 4th for an 8:30pm reservation. We arrive at 8:10 my friend shows the golden ticket securing our reservation and we were treated like royalty from then on. We were kindly seated at a table with the other patrons we would be dining with while our server goes over beverage options with each couple. 8:30 rolls around we are promptly escorted to a secluded room away from the noisier section of the restaurant. We are seated at almost a hibachi style seating where the table holds 8 people and 2 smiling chefs standing right in front of you. The chefs explain that we will be dining on a 22 course meal all of which are influenced by the country of Spain. 

The chefs begin preparing and plating right in front of us. They also encourage conversation amongst the other people dining with us and with themselves. It was truly amazing to see these chefs plate everything right in plain view, like watching masterpieces of art being assembled just for you. There are 2 waitresses in the room the  entire time that always made sure our glasses were full and our eating spaces were immaculate. They also bring you new silverware after EVERY dish and a warm hand cloth after any dish that requires you to use your hands. I did also let them know the night before that I can not eat sea food and they had delicious substitutes just for me. 

The food was truly nothing I had ever seen before. From peanut butter and jelly empanadas, to gold dusted ferrero rocher, to gelatin balls filled with alcohol that burst in your mouth, to a delicious mini pizza. While most of the food was so tasty and avant garde, I really do feel like the food is more for people with a very expensive pallet. While I have dined at some of better known restaurants in Las Vegas, I have never dined somewhere where the portions are super tiny and flavor combinations are so unique. They had a dish of a beet gazpacho between beet crackers that nearly made me gag at the table. 

With all that being said my friend paid 450$ for our dinner and I left 100$ for the tip. The experience alone was well worth the money. They also give you a souvenir envelope with all the dishes you tried and let you sign their guest book. A night out at è should definitely be something you add to your bucket list.
