sARavfidmIS878q5BtlyVQ This is a restaurant inside of a restaurant, how tricky is that? But me oh my, this place will knock your socks off. The food was truly phenomenal and the service was even better.

Some of the stand out dishes:

Chicken oysters on chicken rind - I've never had chicken oysters but this has turned me into a HUGE fan of them. I would have to say this was probably top 3

Citrus lobster - cooked perfectly and the air (not foam, as the chefs can explain if you like) was absolutely delicious. I was scraping at my plate to get every last drop of flavor off of there.

Pork with squid and parsley air - The squid actually complemented the pork really well the air gave just a light touch of parsley flavor

Rosemary wild mushrooms - At first I was confused as to whether we could eat the bag, but don't. They'll cut it open for you so that you can drink up that delicious broth. If I could get this broth, I would cook everything in it. I would even just drink it as a plain soup. 

All of the desserts were just top notch and so creative! Never would have expected a lemon fizzy paper! When it touches your tongue, it almost feels as how pop rocks feel which was pretty cool.

I could go on and on about all of the dishes, but Nelson Q. has already done an amazing job describing each dish.

I will say that there were some dishes I wasn't a huge fan of, but everyone has different tastes. You are bound to love at least 1/3 of the dishes and the staff is extremely accommodating to any food allergies, etc.

I recommend getting the drink pairings, both alcoholic and non alcoholic. I thought they were a nice finishing touch to each little morsel and one of the wines was just so much fun to drink! Who would have thought of pouring wine out of a strangely shaped flask directly into the mouth would be so tasty? Definitely not for the clumsy though.

Even if the don't find yourself loving the food, this place is well worth the experience. If you're making a reservation for this place, you probably already know it will make a dent in your wallet. But this place sure knows how to make a memorable dinner.
