sARavfidmIS878q5BtlyVQ I don't see how anyone can NOT give this 5 stars...assuming you can get a reservation in time.  

I had initially made a reservation at Sage (Aria) since I had seen some good reviews regarding that place.  But then I realized that I had always wanted to try a molecular gastronomy restaurant.  Since Las Vegas is a great place for foodies like myself and my girlfriend, I decided to google molecular gastronomy in the area.  And voile!  E by Jose Andres.  That meant I didn't have to fly all the way to Chicago to eat at Alinea (although i still would love to try that place).  Also, E costs 1/4 as much as Alinea, so it's a steal either way.  

Must say that I was quite stunned when E's website only had a picture of their symbol and an email address through which you make reservations.  I had read that you used to have to make a reservation 1 month in advance but more recently, it looks like at least a few months in advance.  I had only started looking at this option at the beginning of January for a reservation in the middle of January so I knew my chances were slim, but I still sent in a request.  Luckily enough, they had 2 seats available for when I was there!  Scanned and emailed my credit card information and my seats were reserved.

Now on to the experience.  When you arrive (they request you to be there at least 15 min early), you are seated near the bar and presented with a list of cocktails and wines on an ipad.  They give you the option of getting the alcohol pairings for the meal or just ordering a la carte.  We opted for the a la carte since we were there for the food and not the wine (plus it costs almost as much for the wine pairing as for the food so for us, it probably would have not added that much more in terms of enjoyment).  

Once it was show time, we were taken into a secluded and rather well decorated room with a semi-circular table, around which were 8 seats.  The sous chef was waiting there for us and gave us a brief introduction.  Then, they began rolling out ~22 courses (I still need to count the pictures) right in front of our eyes, using various molecular techniques.  One technique which prevailed through multiple dishes was the process of making purees and/or drinks, modifying it with some natural substance and then dropping it into a bowl of liquid to form identical spheres of liquid.  This was prepared at different temperatures to show that it was stable not only at a low temperature but also relatively high temperatures.  The first one was a cocktail enclosed in a rather large sphere and presented in a soup spoon, and another was a pureed white bean, enclosed in small spheres and presented in a shallow bowl of broth.  

Overall, the experience was both exciting and educating.  They allowed us to ask any questions we liked about the processes they were using.  The portions were just right and we never felt like we were waiting too long in between courses.  We did not feel hungry at the end and were very satisfied with the meal.  Some of the memorable dishes were:  Truffle-flavored cotton candy, enclosed cocktail, turbot with deep friend bone marrow, and saffron-flavored ice cream with chocolate shavings.  One of the drinks that was paired at the end was their gin and tonic.  Everybody was raving about it so we tried one.  IT WAS AMAZING!  I never liked gin before, but the balance of this one was so nice and not too overpowering with the gin.  They used a large round sphere of ice so the surface area of the ice was less and would not end up diluting out the drink as quickly!

Anyway, I could write way more.  there is just not enough words to describe how awesome the experience was.  Great company, great food; what more could you ask for?  Would definitely go back.
