sARavfidmIS878q5BtlyVQ e is one of the best and most innovative restaurants on the Strip. If fine dining is part of your plan while you're Las Vegas, seriously consider planning ahead to have an awesome meal at this place.

Planning ahead is required, btw. There is no dropping in on the restaurant or phoning in for a reservation - you need to email them directly and hope they have a spot for you. I've been a few times and have never had a problem but just keep in mind that you need to take care of business many weeks/months before you arrive in Vegas. For your troubles you will receive a Willy Wonka-esque golden Admit One ticket in the mail which is nice little touch.

After pre-dinner drinks in the more casual Andres establishment you will be escorted back to the dining bar. There are only a handful of seats per seating and everyone sits at the bar while food is prepared in front of you. It is easily the most fun chef's table experience I've ever had. The overall irreverent and playful tone of the evening also is a huge plus as you won't have to feel self conscious showing ecstasy with your food like you would a stuffier restaurant

The food is mostly phenomenal with a combination of new dishes and a few e classics. Each time I've been there they've had the foie gras donuts which are one of the more surprising treats you'll ever consume - when you take your first bite you'll be expecting something with the taste and texture of a Hostess chocolate donut but instead you'll be treated to some of the melty-ess, savoriest foie gras ever. As great as those are they in no way compare to the other fun foie gras preparation, the cotton candy empanadas; these fluffy, sugary and ever slightly rich delicacies were among the most amazing things I've ever tasted. The clams I've had here have also been among my favorite bites ever, with a slightly vinegary brine that is so much more delicious than I'm making it sound.

What's not to love? I do have to say that each time I've been here they've made quite a spectacle of the wagyu beef course (bringing the giant cuts out for display beforehand) but it's always been a cut below just about every wagyu steak I can remember in my head. There are also occasional dishes that don't work as well as the true standouts - in particular I was not a huge fan of the whole baby octopus!

This said, those are relatively minor complaints on an otherwise spectacular experience. Definitely spend an evening at e if you can hook up a reservation and afford the price tag!
