sARavfidmIS878q5BtlyVQ Wow. We arrived a little early and they seated us a table at Jaleo while we waited for the other guests to arrive.  I had the best gin and tonic while we waited.  Hendrick's Gin, Fever Tree Tonic, kaffir lime leaf and juniper berries! We were then escorted to the e room with its single table and fascinating décor. You immediately know this will be an evening of creativity and innovation.

The culinary adventure starts with a hand towel wrapped around lavender and rosemary.   

Two chefs plate the food in front of you while they describe the dishes.  They are more than willing to answer any questions (and we had lots).  The drinks were served and explained just as each course was served.

Gin & Tonic - before dinner drink at Jaleo

Edible Sangria

Cotton Candy 2.0 - Cotton candy empanada with foie gras! Great tasting and fascinating to watch the preparation.

Beet-kini- A grilled cheese with beet "toast".

Imperial Gramona Cava served with a porron - A fun way to get into the spirit of the evening

Coca De Recapte - It seemed early in the meal for a couple bites of meat, but it really worked. 

Merienda- A very light cheese stuffed bun that makes a really great bite.

Tio Pepe En Rama Sherry - This glass of sherry really reminded me of our last trip to Spain.

Oyster and Oyster- An oyster is smoked at the table and paired with a chicken oyster on the crispiest chicken skin.  

Pescado en Adobo - A great bite of fish 

El Vermut- Mussels with vermouth sauce

Priorat Natur Vermut - An interesting Spanish grape based vermouth

Cava Sangria - An incredible demonstration of spherification with a cava based sangria!

"Fabes" con Jamon- Another demonstration of molecular gastronomy around the concept of fava beans.  It needs to be experienced.

Acustic Cellers Blanc - A wonderful blend of Spanish whites

Spanish Pulpo - This octopus tentacle is visually stunning!

Kokotxas al Pil Pil - Codfish Jowls

Berroja - A completely new Spanish wine for us. A great pairing for the flavours of the courses.

Mushrooms en Papillote - Mushrooms steamed in a plastic bag.  When cooked they cut the bag open.  Another dish that words cannot fully describe.  

Vinaredo - I got rich apricot flavours from this wine

Chuleta - Australian waghu. Awesome flavour! I was able to get one of the bones to chew on. 

Emilio Moro Malleolus - This temporillo was a perfect match for the strong beef flavours!

Torto Pascualete with Cotton Candy - Pressed cotton candy with flowers

Molino Real mountain wine - I loved this sweet wine with dessert

Crema Catalana Egg - A surprise.  Visually and textually pleasing.

After Eight Timbal - While inspired by "After Eight" this is a fantastic improvement based on a chocolate drum

Ron Cremat - This "burnt rum" beverage is allowed to burn down to create a fantastic rum coffee drink.  

Ferrero Roche - This brilliant bite is inspired by Ferrero Roche and served in a ring box. 

Yemita - It was like a one bite lemon pie.

Jose's Gin & Tonic - completed the evening

It was a great experience.  Many thanks to the team at e!!
