sARavfidmIS878q5BtlyVQ A big disappointment indeed! 
It paled miserably in comparison to the 16 course dinners I had at Robuchon, though the latter did cost twice as much. Furthermore, when I returned to the latter in subsequent visits, they were relative disappointments as well, compared to the first two dinners I had there , back in 2005 & 2006, when it first opened. That was before Robuchon sold out like all the other celebrity chefs, and started opening branches all over the globe, moving his best people onto the next new venture, once the latest one is established!
Not to digress further, I thought the 16 course dinner @ e' was poorly conceived and executed! They should either have two seatings, like they do, and serve only 10 courses, and may be charge less, to attract a wider audience, or settle for one open seating like Robuchon does, or at least did, and charge more to cover the cost, so one can really slowly savor the nuances of the 16 courses, assuming they are deservingly of it!
At e', while the 16 course dinner lasted well over 2 hours,  you feel like you are being herded around like helpless cows, moving from one course to the next, with hardly time to savor the individual dish, before your taste buds got overwhelmed by the next. On the latter subject, I did not think the courses were that creative and memorable either. As one of the other reviewers put it well, they aimed to be exotic and unique, but failed in being delicious at the same time! 
I had better dinners at Bazaar, Jose' other franchise at LA, for one third the cost, and come out each time more satisfied. Better yet, you will get even better service and more creative, bolder dishes at Michael Voltaggio's Ink, who was the chef @ Bazaar, before he decided to leave to write his own culinary chapter .
If you are stuck  in Vegas, and yet want to be pampered with a truly great dining experience, accompanied by superlative service, then my vote has to go to Pierre Gagnier's Twist @ the Mandarin Oriental!
In conclusion, e' is not bad, but you can simply do better, for the sake of your wallet or taste buds, or both, not to mention the pursuit of mere simple dining pleasure, by going elsewhere!
