sARavfidmIS878q5BtlyVQ The best meal of my life Mr. José Andrés.

I was lucky enough to get a last minute reservation in this restaurant for eight people. Last night I emailed the restaurant with the hope of a last minute cancellation.  I received my email this afternoon and I scored the "golden ticket."

The evening was a 24-course meal from "snacks" to the more heartier dishes to "cheese" to "dessert."

The process is you go to their website and send a request in for a reservation. They they email if you're in or not for dinner the evening of your request.

I checked in with the Jaleo host who remembered me calling in just yesterday to find out if there was availability at e.  I was then told to sit at the table as the server asked if I wanted any beverages during the meal.  I went with a bottled flat water for the evening instead of going with the beverage pairing knowing my meal would cost so much.

We sat for a few moments then asked to enter a small corner private room in the back of the restaurant. You walk in and there is a u-shaped bar with the centerpiece being the food preparation area or the "stage" of our show.

We were all brought a cocktail to start our meal. They the show began for a little more than two hours. There seated with me were three couples who were as passionate about food as I am.

Not only was each dish interesting in texture and flavor, the restaurant felt relaxed and special.  Our group of seven, were seated a bar facing an area where the chef prepared each of our courses.  There was one surprised after the other with each dish we received.

Service was very attentive and friendly. The chef was very patient to answer all of our questions that evening.

I highly recommend this special experience to anyone who loves food and is looking for something unique and different.

A nice finishing touch was a bookmark keepsake and also the menu from this evening.

Tasting Menu:

Rebujito

Idiazabal "Macaron"

Truffle Cotton Candy

Apple "Brazo de Gitano"

Seta Surprise

Nitro Almond Cup

Barquillo

Almejas al Natural

Bocata de Bacalao

Crispy Chicken Skin in Escabeche

Cava Sangria

Artichoke "puree" with Vanilla

Lobster with citrus and jasmine

Chickpea stew with Iberico Ham

Turbot with bone marrow

Whole lobe of foie gras baked in salt

Chuleta with squid

Santa Gadea with Cotton Candy

Flan

Pan con chocolate

"arroz con leche"

Cocao paper with dried strawberry

25 second bizcocho

Saffron chocolate

Total on bookmark:

Subtotal: $203
Tax: $16.44
Total $260.04 (including $40.60 service charge)

Click here to read the NY Times article: http://www.nytimes.com/2012/10/31/dining/at-e-by-jose-andres-theyre-eating-out-of-the-palm-of-his-hand.html?pagewanted=all

Thanks to é, I no longer hate Las Vegas.  

I was the 5,331th person who was lucky enough to score a seat at é by José Andrés. This restaurant is definitely at the top of my list of food experiences.
