sARavfidmIS878q5BtlyVQ This is a very very expensive piece of culinary performance art. Dinner for 4 with two alcohol pairings and two non-alcohol pairings came to $2,000. Be prepared for that because the prices were very vague before actually getting the bill.

The food was more unique and interesting than delicious. The drinks piled up on each other so instead of being paired they became muddled together over 3-4 of the courses. Yes, the courses! 24 of them actually. Many just a single bite.

This should have been a 3-4 hour experience but was crammed into 2 hours and 15 minutes because they have to fit a second seating in. Seatings are at 5:30 and 8:30.

We have had the tasting menus with paired wines for each diner at Picasso at the Bellagio and Joel Robuchon at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas. The food, the taste, the time given to enjoy and savor, the opportunity to compete the course and accompanying drink really were perfect. Dinner at each was all of four hours. You were not rushed and each distinct presentation were really outstanding. When the course and drink were completely finished, we had time to appreciate what we just enjoyed before the next course and pairing came. Dinner for 2 at Picasso was $600. and $800. at Joel Robuchon. We walked out without any doubt that it was worth the money. An obscene amount in today's world but extremely memorable.

To be honest, I was disappointed in é by José Andrés. The presentation was really great but not as engaging as it could've been. The chefs could barely be heard and the courses were not really explained in a manner that you felt you could grasp. We had to ask over and over what it was that was being presented. We felt rushed and the courses came too quickly. If we had 4 hours, maybe the experience would have been savored more. Instead it was a jumble and a muddle of tastes and drinks. I really did not feel that the meal was worth half of what we paid mostly because of the timing.

If you've had some of the chef's tasting menus at the other stellar places in Las Vegas, then try this. If not, it would not be at the top of my short list due to the excessive cost and the rushed feeling.
