sARavfidmIS878q5BtlyVQ WALLAH saved the best review for last as I catch up on writing reviews tonight!

I'm Customer #3339! Yes, each guest that dines at this restaurant gets their own number.  Makes you feel kinda special I guess.

We got lucky with getting reservations here exactly a month in advance so it must've been meant to be :-)  Each seating only seats 8 guests; 2 seatings a night. 

I've been to Alinea in Chicago few years ago so I knew what to expect.  I think I may have actually enjoyed e by Jose Andres a slight more maybe because it was more interactive and intimate experience because you sit in a curved table watching the chefs semi-prepare your meals. 

The amount of prep work the chefs had to do to orchestrate the 20+ courses was quite remarkable.  The details and intricacy of each dish was impressive. (astericks tagged next to dishes I really enjoyed)

        1. Rebujito - alcoholic drink they stirred up and topped with foam reminded me of this drink I had at the Lobby Lounge at the Modern (formerly called Edition) hotel in Hawaii. 

        2. Spanish "Clavel" - beautifully shaped into a flower and served in the palm of Jose Andre's hand. Tasted like candy
        3. Beet Jewelry - they said to eat it off your pinky finger like a ring. Dusted with gold. Tasted like beet chips with a savory sweet taste. *
        4. Caramelized Pork Rinds - ehhh wasn't too into this

        5. Apple "Brazo de Gitano" - light airy texture and sweet. we were confused why it seemed like it was starting out with "dessert" like courses.

       6. Nitro Almond Cup - wow, this was genius. It looked like half an egg shell with caviar and cream in it. The chef said to eat it quick because it will melt so I put the whole thing in my mouth. Quite a surprise. **

       7. Crispy Chicken Skin in Escabeche - not a chicken skin fan but this was quite delicious. tender chicken on crispy skin topped with foam.

       8.  Jose Taco - caviar wrapped in proscuitto - nothing special, it was as you could imagine.

       9. Olivia Sferica Ferran Adria - olive juice in a bubble so it pops in your mouth and tastes like an olive. they process to make this sounded quite intricate. 

      10.  Bocata de Calamares - similar to the sandwich but of course with a twist. It had a huge piece of sweet uni from Santa Barbara. **

      11. Cava Sangria - a SHOT of alcohol in the same bubble like thing as the olive.  whew, woke me up!

      12. Artichoke "puree" with Vanilla - it looked like sato imo (small japanese mountain potatoes) but it was little artichokes. never had anything like that. It was in a nice dark sauce with lemon foam dressed on the side.  

      13.  Lobster with citrus and jasmine foam - MY FAVORITE! I love lobster and jasmine so pairing the two was heaven. The dish was beautifully plated with citrus segments.**
 
     14.   Chickpea stew with Iberico Ham - this was a pretty dish you just wanted to just stare at and not eat. This was a favorite amongst the entire table. It was like a delicate cream stew with garbanzo dumpling like things. 

      15. Turbot with bone marrow - the moist white fish had a crispy skin and was complimented well with grounded coffee grinds on the side. The chef was raving about the bone marrow filled pockets but it was nothing special for me.

      16. Rosemary wild mushrooms in Papillote - wrapped in a cellophane bag, this was like a mushroom soup with scents of rosemary, then topped with foam again.  One of the guest had a substitute of veal cheeks since he doesn't like mushrooms so we were all quite envious of that dish.

       17.  Secreto of Iberico pork with squid - loved the pork and sauce. This dish once again topped with some green vegetable foam. *

      Still not over yet....can't forget about the desserts!!!

     18.  Orange Pith Puree La Serena - spooned goat cheese plated with sauces and thin piece of bread.

      19. Flan - beautifully plated with four small pieces of flan and flowers and mint with shaved ice in the middle drizzled with caramel. I enjoyed watching them making this one.*

     20. Pan Con Chocolate - was the least attractive dish but what a treat, my favorite dessert course. top looked like it was sprinkled with dirt but it was chocolate cake that melts in your mouth. Layers underneath had crunch which gave it texture to the creaminess of the dessert.**

     21. "Arroz Con Leche" - arroz con leche in a cone made with melted sugar, kicks of citrus.*

     22. 25 second Bizcocho - they said it took only 25 seconds to make this cake like volcano in the microwave. similar to a chiffon cake, very light. Dusted with gold.
    23. Fizzy paper - crispy paper like candy but wakes you up with the strong citrus flavors.
    24. "Air" Chocolate - just like the name, airy chocolate, one that was bitter dark and the other yogurt flavored.

Yes we felt like we ate enough food that could last a week in our tummies but the memories would last for a long time.
