sARavfidmIS878q5BtlyVQ Truly a tour de force of Spanish Cuisine.

Four visits, the most recent in the fall of 2014, e continues it's reign atop Vegas' culinary scene.

Seated in the bar of Jose Andres, glasses of Cava in hand, getting to know your fellow diners.  The hostess for the evening (and the sommelier) discretely interrupt each party to discuss water preferences and drink pairings.  As is Spanish tradition, always a little beyond the appointed hour, you're whisked away past the roaring fire and pans of cooking paella and into a secluded private, whimsical dining room.  Seated at a semicircular stainless steel counter, surrounded by hard woods and trinkets; representing the mind of the chef.   A hard knock on the solid kitchen door, the music of Spain fills the room, the chefs and servers enter and take their positions.  The experience begins.

E is about molecular gastronomy and modernist cuisine.  Perhaps a solid, foam sangria that magically dissipates on the tongue leaving the distinct flavor of wine and fruits, a thimble of soup with the pure essence of Spanish Jamon, liquefied olives that burst with the salty, briny taste of the real thing.  Artistry, flavor and pride are showcased in each dish as the head chef works in front of guest and describes each dish.  

Tip:  Wine pairings are essential.  They tie courses together and greatly enhance the experience.  Standard pairing $130, select pairing $300.  Opt for the select.  Incredibly well though out, running the gamut from sherry to 20 year cellared brooding reds, impossible to find whites and dessert wines.

20 courses grouped in three "flights".  Flavors of each small "starter" build on one another, as flavors of each and their accompanying wine pairing flow and compliment.  The progression makes the diner appreciate temperature and texture.  "Mains" provide contrast.  Flavors held together by the wine pairings that span more than one dish.  Finally desserts, with the boldest contrast between each to keep the palate yearning for more.

As always, with meals of so many selections, not everything will be to your taste.  All good, the next bite awaits.

Service is beyond reproach.  Unpretentious, friendly, very informative, perfect.

The experience for three diners with select wine pairing, incidental drinks, water, service and gratuity, $2,100.

Michelin three star worthy and a must in Vegas.

Notes:

1.  Reservations by emailing reserve@ebyjoseandres.com  beginning 90 day in advance.  No reservations or replies on Monday and Tuesday.  No phone in reservations accepted.  
2.  Credit card required to warranty reservation.
3.  Base price; $195 plus 20% service.
