SBnpT6JDbah-5l_52GM5sw Sardine takes classic French cuisine and melds it beautifully with Americana food. The fusion is executed well and presented with fineness.

One of my best college friends was visiting UW for grad school with his family. They really wanted some good steak and seafood options so off we flew to Sardine. The restaurant was fairly booked up by the time we called so we made reservations for 8:30 pm.

Upon arrival we were promptly seated by the window and were given an awesome view of the back parking lot and beyond it, lake Monona. I really wish that parking lot wasn't there because the view is otherwise incredible.

For an appetizer we got the goat cheese crostini. The app was fairly standard but nothing special to blow me away. I would have liked to see significantly more toast served with the dish, as there was more than enough goat cheese present.

Others at the table ordered some craft cocktails, which were apparently quite good so props on the drinks. I ended up with a Lake Louie Tommy's Porter on tap, which I rather enjoyed. The tap list was small but well constructed with sufficient diversity. Props on the cocktails, beer list, and wine list here.

For an entree, I ended up with the Arctic Char. The dish was very well presented and didn't fall into any overdone culinary tropes (looking at you sauce smeared under the meat with a spoon). Great presentation, perfect balance with the leeks, potatoes, beans, and seasoning. I would order this dish again for sure.

My main gripe with Sardine is the service, as others have noted. The restaurant appears to be understaffed so the servers are heavily burdened, thus failing to be attentive to tables. While we were there we had to ask for water twice, eventually a carafe of water was just dumped on our table, and our empty dining-ware was never cleared throughout the course of the meal.

The food at Sardine well executed, but the poor service is crippling. If you have time on your hands to enjoy a solid meal, Sardine would be a good choice. If you are impatient or have somewhere to be it may be best to look elsewhere.
