SBnpT6JDbah-5l_52GM5sw Brunch review.

I desperately wanted to love this place more with the high reviews, but maybe it wasn't our day or time. Came here on a Sunday afternoon with a group of 4 (with a reservation) and was greeted by friendly staff who allowed us to choose our seating. We chose a lovely water view. We were presented our menus and there was a limited, but solid choices for brunch and lunch (I was surprised that eggs benedict were not offered in some capacity). For mimosas, they have the choice of an 8, 10, or 12 oz glass which was nice, as well as bottomless coffee.

I tried the mussels with frites as well as the baked creamed eggs. The frites were alright, nothing special (reminded me of McDonald's fries, in a way). The mussels were a good solid choice with the fresh bread being a highlight. The baked creamed eggs were very heavy and oily, but pretty good. The cheese and prosciutto went well and it was a hearty dish. I felt that the bread was out of place in this dish though and the salad portion was way to small to balance out a dish this heavy. 

Some others ordered a special (which included poached eggs on top of a bed of sauteed mushrooms and the same bread) as well as a croque monsieur. One comment was the special was just slathered in truffle oil and was too hearty, as the bread was completely soaked through with oil and butter. 

For dessert, we ordered the sorbet as well as the lemon meringue tart. We were told that the sorbet flavors of the day were pineapple, coconut, peach, however, we received scoops of lemon rather than coconut, which was a surprise (I don't mean to sound picky, but I was disappointed that we were mislead before we ordered the dessert). 

The lemon meringue tart was decent and the lemon had a nice sharp flavor to it on top of a flaky crust (judging by the mini-bakery in the corner of the restaurant, it makes sense that their breads/pastries are well done here). 

Overall, service was extremely slow and we waited about 30 minutes before we received our entrees and for a long time before that before we ordered. In addition, our waters were never refilled (everyone had finished their entire glasses) until the dessert menu came out and the waiter grabbed a pitcher to leave at our table (although a nice thought, it felt like too little too late). Everything was a little heavier and oilier than I would have liked, but the flavors were all there. It was just alright.
