SBnpT6JDbah-5l_52GM5sw Maybe my mistake has been not ordering Mussels, fish, or steak at this place, because surely they must be doing something right to have the reputation they do.  On the other hand, its possible this is simply a Madison phenomenon- a new trendy place a few years back that offers a beautiful view, a nice atmosphere and menu items that don't appear on every corner in Madison.  The place takes off, the quality dives (if it was ever great, in the first place), and it takes time for people to realize - this isn't really great food.  Not even good.   I've been to this restaurant twice, once in 2008, where the food was just awful- a bland over cooked pasta, and an even blander fish - but I thought we could have just had bad luck.  Now I've been again and I am utterly unimpressed.  In this last visit, everyone on my end of the table thought the food was unspectacular at best, if not dismal.  The endive and pear salad is a joke, really.  Shallots, black currants and Roquefort dressing? Where were they?  I didn't taste even a smidgen of Roquefort in this bland blah salad, which had a few thin slices of tasteless crunchy pear, maybe two currants and just nothing to tie it all together - no flavor at all.  I think they imagined the Roquefort, really.  They THOUGHT they were doing Roquefort, but forgot to put it in? Who knows.  After reading the description, and endive/pear/blue cheese being a relative common trio in many restaurants these days, I expected to taste SOMETHING other than crunchy tasteless pear and greens. Fellow diners Arugula and house salads were just as uninspired and bland.  The pastas sounded interesting, so fellow diners made the error of ordering two of them - how is it that the chef manages to take parmesan and garlic and manage to make their flavors disappear?  Overcooked flavorless store bought pasta, mushy flavorless polenta: my fellow diners mostly played with their food.  Looking over at the salmon served to other diners, I wonder where this fish came from?  It looked discolored.  This is not salmon I expect at a fine dining establishment (which Sardine definitely is not).  But the piece de resistance was my duck.  What passed for  "grilled duck breast with fig/balsamic" simply bordered on criminal.  First of all, the duck was utterly cold.  Second, I asked for medium rare, and I got slimy, barely grilled uber-rare duck which I could not even cut with a knife as it slid about the plate, the wet uncooked meat clinging to the china, changing shape with each stab as only stickly raw meat can.  The duck was uncooked edge to edge, with no effect of ANY grilling in sight -and may I repeat - disgustingly COLD COLD COLD.  It was duck sushi, except I expect duck sushi would taste better than this.  It was hard to chew and swallow each piece and had I not been a guest, I would have returned this dish immediately.  As it was, I didn't bother finishing it anyway, and thought of the hamburger I'd go get later.   Unseasoned, with not an inkling of the flavors described on the menu, this dish was a travesty, really.   Either the chef in this kitchen has lost all taste buds, or this flavorless blandness is actually INTENTIONAL.   Whichever the case, I am not going back to Sardine.   A restaurant serving that dish as grilled duck deserves to close.  Were it in a larger city, my guess is Sardine would already be on its way to disappearing.  I am giving it one star for the view, and the decor/atmosphere.
