SCklYa_jhihWAcfIn-_chg Bonjour Brioche is the right way to start any weekend morning.  I had heard about the notorious line-ups at Bonjour Brioche.  Having not eaten anything in preparation for brunch, I was hoping and praying that the wait would not be so long that my stomach would start drumming.  I already have enough "awkward moment" stories in my repertoire to recount thank you very much!

Street parking is free, which is a bonus.  We arrived around 11:30AM, and there was a line-up outside the door.  The wait was shorter than I expected, and having experienced hour-long lineups at the Hoof Café, the 15-minute wait at Bonjour Brioche was a blessing.  We happened to walk past Lady Marmalade en route to Bobbette & Belle after brunch, and the line-up was Hoof Café-esque... That's another "to try" for me.  

We nabbed a seat on their heated patio which was neat as the weather was quite nice on Sunday.  I sat directly underneath the heater, and felt as if someone were holding a torch up to my back. The server did say that if it was too hot she could turn it off, but I'd rather be too warm than too cold so I didn't request it.  

I ended up ordering a Mango Mimosa, since I was heading over to the Koffee Krawl UYE after, and my DC ordered a coffee.  The Mimosa was bubbly and refreshing, and it was more champagne than juice, which was generous.  Nothing worse than drinking a 2:1 juice to champagne ratio mimosa... The cup was adorned with a piece of star fruit, which made for great presentation.  The drink itself contained 2 blackberries.

We opted for the Caramelized Fig & Blue Cheese Tart, which came with a serving of their famous baguette, a monstrous slab of butter, and a mixed greens salad.  To satisfy our sweet tooth, we ordered the French Toast w/ Maple Syrup and Fruit.  

The Blue Cheese Tart was quite creamy.  However, I found the figs had an almost burnt flavour to them.  The tart pastry seemed to have the crispiness of phyllo pastry and the buttery goodness of a pie crust.  I do feel however, that the blue cheese was a little understated in the dish.  The side salad was absolutely delicious!  My DC and I were sitting and trying to figure out for the longest time what vinaigrette was being used and we just could not figure it out!  Upon questioning the server, we were informed that it was made with: rice wine vinegar, basil, canola oil, garlic, salt and pepper.  It is THE best vinaigrette I have ever tasted.  It is also available for sale at the front counter.  Since I was going to be heading to the Koffee Krawl, I didn't want to carry it, but will definitely stop by for a bottle when I'm in the area next time.  The baguette was extra crusty, and is one of the freshest I have tasted in Toronto.  I ended up buying a loaf for my mom because she loves baguettes!

The French Toast w/ Maple Syrup was made with an apple-cinnamon brioche bread, dusted with icing sugar with a slightly caramelized crust.  The flavours were evenly distributed in the bread, and it was bursting with eggy and buttery goodness.  The fruit that came with consisted of: plum, grapefruit, cantaloupe and blueberries.  You must must must order this if you brunch at Bonjour Brioche!

I would highly recommend BB as a brunch spot.  I don't get out to this part of town often, but now I think I have an excuse to!

If you don't like getting dinged with withdrawal fees, then remember to bring cash, as that is the only accepted method of payment.  But if you really do forget, there is an ATM at the bottom of the stairs by the washrooms for your convenience.
