SCklYa_jhihWAcfIn-_chg I shouldn't have done it. I should not have been so naive to think that I could stop at one bite of Bonjour Brioche's French Toast. I was managing just fine with my gluten-free and vegan 'desserts' but I had to give in. Now, I'm paying for it. French Toast is all I can think about. 

Being one of Toronto's token brunch spots, it's no surprise that fifty percent of the menu is focused on breakfast fare including omelettes and quiches (which are supposed to be quite good). Bonjour Brioche also ventured into lunch territory with a selection of about 10 sandwiches. All sandwich fixings are nestled between their freshly baked breads. A few slices of their baguette is also served with breakfast dishes so you're not missing out. Despite this brunch spot's popularity and long lines, menu items are surprisingly priced modestly (but let's keep that to ourselves). One other thing to keep in mind is that they only accept cash. 

OUR ORDER: 

Fresh Juice ($3.75) - Gets a 7/10. They had a few flavours scribbled on the black board, so my boyfriend decided to give all of the above a try with his strawberry banana orange concoction. A successful attempt to stave off his hunger. I had a sip and it was quite good. It puts the Tropicana version to shame:) Also a little thicker, which if you want to get technical makes it more of a smoothie than a juice per se. 

Scrambled eggs ($10) - Gets a 7/10. Ninety-five percent of the time I go for over hard eggs at breakfast, but last Saturday the smoked salmon swung me over to the scrambled side. No regrets. Although, I can't fully comment on the dish since I ordered it without the creamed horse-radish. And in my dining experience, the sauce makes the dish. In this case, I was still content with my portion of simple scrambled eggs sprinkled chives, topped with succulent smoked salmon and caviar. Yum. The shredded potato patty looked tasty but didn't deliver on flavour. Truthfully, nothing on my plate had a chance in comparison to Keith's French Toast. 

Baked French Toast ($8.50) -  Get's a 9/10.   Ordering the French Toast might have been one of the smartest decisions my boyfriend has ever made.  I've always been more of a pancake or egg girl but that's likely because I've never tasted French Toast like this before. Never.  Ignoring my Elimination Diet, I snuck a tiny piece of Keith's French Toast (which looked nothing like french toast by the way) and it was heavenly.   In taste and appearance, it resembled bread pudding and was oozing with sweetness;  so much that the serving of syrup was completely unnecessary.  When I witnessed Keith's glowing expression after his first bite, I dove in and cut a piece for myself.  I then cut that piece in half .  If this was all I was getting, I was going to make it last and savour it.  I took the first nibble and almost drooled.  Goodness gracious!  What was in the piece of heaven?!  Nevermind - I did NOT want to know.  Going back to my scrambled eggs was such a bummer.  Thankfully I had something to look forward to - the other half of Keith's dessert.  I mean French Toast.
