SCklYa_jhihWAcfIn-_chg A couple of things to note before heading over:

It's cash only.  There's an ATM downstairs but it's for Canadian bank cardholders.
You will wait.  The line can get long to get in, keep your party down to 2.  Once you're in and ordered, your food may take a while.

If you have some cash, some time and not afraid to spend a little extra for an incredible breakfast/brunch - this has got to be, hands down, the best place to eat.

In fact, I'd venture to say the closest you'll get to having breakfast in Paris in Toronto.  

Fresh squeezed juices such as cucumber-lime and mango-tangerine were just the beginning to a splendid brunch.  We later tried the almond croissant and a chocolate croissant.  Get this, croissants are only CAN  $1.50.  Yes, that's it.  They are large and fluffy, fresh and with a great outside crust.  The best croissant I've ever had.

Our main dishes were the Spicy Bacon Sandwich and Eggs Benedict special.  Both per the recommendation of our server.  Both a taste of heaven.

Each came with a side of salad drizzled with a light vinaigrette complementing both main dishes very well.

The spicy bacon has a mix of sweet and spicy.  The bacon is baked to a crispy perfection, when eaten together with the baguette the perfect crunch is formed.  Not too tough and not too soft, balance is struck.

Eggs Benny was served on a croissant.  Then a choice of meat to which I opted half and half.  One came Peameal (Canadian Bacon) and one smoked salmon.  Each delicately topped with the perfect cooked egg.  You know those that still have a bit of egg yolk run yet you know is cooked?  Yes, that's it.  And topped off with Hollandaise sauce.  

For desert - yes, you'll need to stretch for it.  Although the meals look light, they are very filling.  Take your pick from the desert tray, all filled with wonderful looking pastries.  We opted for sour cherry together with coffee.  Again, you just can't go wrong.

Come early, allow some time for waiting and getting your food but you won't leave disappointed or wanting more!
