SD7vTf-H00J8BS3L-kt7jg Will not be going back..

The decor of this restaurant is quite trendy. I love the heavy wood furnishings and the 3 tier awning type windows but despise those gargantuan operation room lights above every table (with a moniker like Grinder it feels like I'm in for a Sweeney Todd episode). The center looks nice and overall the restaurant gives me a feel like it might be a hot spot for drinks. Upon entering we were greeted by 3 different people which was a red flag from the start. The menus the were given to us are covered with thick plastic on both sides and is pretty heavy (hate it).  We did not receive our bread and butter like most other tables while waiting on our service.

First appetizer we ordered was the tuna tataki which was quite disappointing. The slices of tuna were very thin compared to what I've had at Ferreira's or Mikasa for example. The garnish did not  bring out the flavor of the tuna at all and bizarrely tasted of tomato salsa. It was just not what I expected or up to par with what I've had before.

Second appetizer we ordered was the beer flavored French onion soup. The flavor was okay and lacked some nice chunks of bread but it was not as comforting as a traditional French onion soup. For a kickass French onion soup made with love I'd say try Bistro Duo D down the street. 

Finally, my 'main' was the large portion of salmon tartare that lacked the lime, cilantro, and avocado that was noted on the menu. The salmon was grinded (for shame!) and it appeared as if it was the fattiest slab of salmon that they used. It was awful and definitely no culinary adoration was put into this dish. I was hoping with meticulously diced chunks of salmon with the freshness of avocado and cilantro but alas it was forgotten amongst other things. My husband ordered the short ribs but was given the skirt steak. Surprisingly, it turned out pretty good and so were the fries that came with it, however it wasn't the order that was placed.

This restaurant has so much potential given the location and trendy decor. I see it being very busy during the summertime given that the windows open up and the have a good sound system going on. They might have something promising if they improve their dishes, service, and possibly change up the menu a bit but until then I believe it will struggle once the honeymoon phase is over with the hipster crowd.
