SJo_IjvzdRtCvZVN0cbrRQ I'm really disappointed by the reviews calling the Blue Door "unremarkable" &, especially, "too expensive." Listen up, Cuyahoga Falls: If you want cheap, unremarkable food, go to an Applebee's or a Chili's or a Panera or any number of other basic chains so common in our neck of the woods. But if you want to try some real food, made with love - not to mention care for the environment & our local economy (farmers!) - the Blue Door is ABSOLUTELY REMARKABLE & not at all expensive for the food they offer. It easily compares to places in NYC & DC, especially for brunch, & Cuyahoga Falls is lucky to have it!

I can't name a favorite menu item, because whenever I go (which is sadly not often, as I don't live in town anymore), I try to order one of the specials, which always sound so tempting. I do love their croissants (all homemade!), so any time there's an option to order some sort of sandwich that comes on one of them, I jump on it. Their bacon side is amazing, too - thick, juicy - & so is the potato croquette (crispy outside, mushy inside). If they've got crepes, go for those; if they've got French toast, go for that (can you tell I like brunch?!). My boyfriend & brother both love their Monte Cristo.

Re: some other reviews, lately the folks at the Blue Door have really worked to improve the quality of the dining experience, with new tables & slightly updated decor that better reflects the quality of food they serve. However, it's a small place, so be prepared to wait, especially if you're stopping by for Sunday brunch. 

Aside from the wait - good food is worth waiting for! - my one complaint is that they don't serve regular pop, like Coke or Pepsi. Instead, they serve some organic brand (no refills, out of a bottle, etc.), which is not only more expensive, but also less delicious. Though I understand their desire to remain consistent in their local-no-preservatives-etc. philosophy, I'd rather just be able to order a Diet Coke! They only serve regular coffee, too (no lattes or anything like that), so  if I'm planning to get my morning fuel at Blue Door, I have to caffeinate before I go. Bummer.

ANYWAY, the caffeine issue aside, the Blue Door is a gem - probably one that's a little bit too good for the folks in Cuyahoga Falls who fail to appreciate how outstanding it is. But as a native Fallsite who doesn't want to have to go to IHOP for brunch when I come back home, I'm only too happy to have such a great restaurant to visit in my hometown!
