SJo_IjvzdRtCvZVN0cbrRQ The short review: excellent food and excellent service! Definitely recommend to anyone. We liked the omelet better than the chicken and waffles. 

My girlfriend and I came to the Blue Door Cafe on September 10th, 2017 for a late breakfast / brunch after multiple recommendations from friends. We came in around 2:00 PM, so the restaurant was not very packed (as it normally is). Ben, our server, gave us excellent service and the food was spectacular. 

I had the chicken and waffles. I expected the waffles to be thicker, like a Belgium waffle, but they were thinner. Also, the chicken was chicken tenders and not bone-in chicken (as I was expecting after living in the south for so long). The flavors mixed well and the meal was definitely good (chicken and waffles 4 out of 5 stars). 

My girlfriend had the chili omelet, and she won the meal of the day. The balance of flavors was spectacular and the plate was very large! She was unable to finish her portion. The mixture of flavors was absolutely perfect and we especially appreciated the meat on top. The omelet was more like an inside-out omelet because most of the toppings were on top or on the side, rather than inside the eggs - but it made for a perfect brunch dish. 

The coffee was good, and I had a seasonal hot cider drink that was also very yummy (with a cinnamon stick). The bacon was also delicious but had a heavy smoke flavor - which I love and my girlfriend is not a fan of. The house-made sausage was delicious. 

The building itself could maybe use some new paint on the inside walls, but it was a clean and welcoming atmosphere. They played great music at a reasonable volume (we could hear the music and had no trouble speaking to each other). 

Overall, the combination of great service and high-quality food earned this place 5 stars from both of us! We definitely recommend. I have heard that it gets very busy in the mornings, so I cannot speak for the service then but if it was anything like what we had it will still be excellent.
