SLD5QYRCOgP2UDscLyrcaw This seems to be a cursed location for restaurants and I don't see that changing any time soon. I've walked past La Fayette many times since it opened and the sandwich board out front always has the same specials: Fish Soup and some kind of Fish dish, usually Garlic Shrimp. This is no way to get the Queen Street crowd into your resto. and may explain the complete lack of customers. 

For some reason, my friend and I decided to try this place out yesterday, a decision I regretted almost as soon as we'd sat down.  The main dining area is quite nice, very cozy and comfortable looking, aside from the strong smell of fish that filled the air (I guess the soup's on!). The smell was too much so we decided to sit on the patio out back, which is very quaint, though VERY dark in the evening if you're at the far tables.

We started with a $10.50 Kir Royale (Sparkling Wine and Cassis), which was so flat and cloyingly sweet, I chugged it back quickly and ordered a beer. They brought out bread and butter, which immediately set off warning signals. It was just a dry, store-bought poppy seed roll cut into slices with some packets (!!) of whipped butter, the kind that come with the plastic cutlery when you order Swiss Chalet delivery. Not something you'd expect at a French Bistro.

There was only one other table of customers in the place, but it took ages for our appetizer (the $16.50 Charcuterie platter) to arrive. What a huge disappointment. A very small assortment of low-quality deli meats that tasted like they'd been sitting around in the kitchen too long. Neither of us wanted to finish.

Again, it took ages for our mains to arrive and by this point it was almost pitch black so we could hardly see our plates. There was an order mixup and my friend received chicken instead of Duck Confit. This was quickly rectified, but as we ate, we heard the other table complaining that they were missing one of their Lamb Shank dish. This is with TWO tables in a near empty restaurant. 

To the food! The Duck Confit, tasted "odd" and wasn't crispy at all, and came with a truckload of fried potatoes, which weren't so great either. I had Beef Bourguignon, which was basically beef short ribs and mashed potatoes. I've got to admit, though, it was pretty tasty, but certainly not worth the $20+ price they charged. We finished quickly, paid and got the hell out of there. 

Dinner was $115 for two, which is highway robbery after the bad food and crappy service we were given. I can't imagine how they'd handle a full restaurant, but I don't think they'll ever have to worry about that.

This place will be gone in no time. Avoid and spend your money at one of the many MUCH better places in this area.
