sMAgnsqi-eY9LlywVC85Hg L'autre Saison definitely transports you to a different time and place...

It's nestled on the quieter part of Crescent and we were greeted with warmth and attentiveness the moment we stepped in.

We had reservations at 6:30 and were there to celebrate a birthday.

We were seated by a bright, sunny window and it was on the quiet side, so we were able to talk easily which was nice.

I'm not usually in the mood for French food these days, I generally find it too heavy but the birthday girl had been here before and enjoyed it and I trusted her epicurean judgement:)

Our waiter was very kind and gave us amazing service from the moment we were seated till we paid our bill.

Water was served, wine was ordered and piping hot crusty bread was quickly brought to our table.

The quality of bread always makes a strong impression on me and this bread was truly delicious! I wasn't in a meat eating mood although the rack of lamb tempted me.

I wasn't starved so I skipped an appetizer.


2 people were really hungry though and started  with the escargot, it was served in a cream sauce with mushrooms, nestled in a puff pastry shell. I had a few bites and it was very tasty although I prefer it in garlic butter.

I had the giant scallops served with cremini mushrooms and spinach.

Others order the veal, the filet mignon with peppercorn sauce and a surf and turf of steak and scampi.

Our food soon and arrived and it all smelled and looked amazing.

My scallops were in a cream sauce, tasty but very heavy like many French dishes are. The scallops were tender and perfectly cooked, with a generous amount of sautéed cremini mushrooms. Buttery and salty mashed potatoes, brocoli and spinach all complimented things nicely.  

Everyone else really enjoyed their choices as well.

A delicious meal and although it was very enjoyable, imo, their food is way too heavy to be eaten on a regular basis.

Quality food and service, a good choice for those who enjoy traditional French fare.
