SpkwuDQChxHlNwfnx7OWUA I've been here twice with wagjag vouchers in hand, both times were quite different...

1st experience was with hubby and we got a classic poutine (normally 4.99/6.99) with two montreal steamies  (normally $2.49 each- hot dogs with coleslaw- we got them naked instead) I thought we were able to order 2 toppings or one of their special poutine but the girl at the cash said no, unless we opt out of the hot dogs :s never heard of that before. None the less a poutine is a poutine...is a poutine lol so we stuck with original! The complementary condiments bar is close to the ones you'll find at any hot dog stand, but with a few extras like cayenne pepper, and curry, bbq sauce (YUM)

The hot dogs were basic but the poutine was rly yummy, i saw them making the fries fresh and they were crisy and the gravy was actually pretty yummy (not the best I have had- hello montreal) but it was tasty. The girls was nice and there was only another couple there when we came.

I like the bar stools type set up they have with high tables, but my hubby definitely was not a fan. he felt like he was going to fall off lol needless to say they are not for hanging out more than an hour before your back starts to hurt type chairs.

Second experience: was with my sister, her fiance, and my mommy (lol somehow got her to come along) A few more guests this time around.

We got the same coupon this time but now I think the owner, was behind the bar and he said I could get two toppings on top of the classic or pick a specialty one- I KNEW I WAS RIGHT LAST TIME! Lol I got bacon and mushrooms, which was really good but I didn't finish since my mom wasn't much help. Their cheese curds are good and melt a little bit, just enough to not overbear the gravy but tags along for the ride lol

The steamies this time around was really off, the hotdog itself was bigger than last time BUT the bread, it was soggy and squished and just not a good texture, my sister ate the hot dog sans bread because of this. We saw the guy take it out of the freezer and microwave it, I get the need to be "fresh" hence the name but if you realize the bun looked or felt wet and mushed up, why would you serve it like it was okay? :s that threw me off, my sister also got the classic with smoked meet and caramelized onions (YUMMY) $7.99/$9.99 normally. 

They also have soup, sandwiches (still to come) and desserts with a range of drinks. Huge amount of toppings to purchase with the freis including olives, chicken, pulled pork, ground beef, squash???, sun dried tomatoes, sweet peas and olives.

Over all I think they have to have more consistency with the food and price knowledge. BUT their customer service is really great, they were friendly, helpful and for a order-at-the-counter type, really interacted with us.
If I am in the area I will go back for their poutine but will be apprehensive to try their steamies again, without the coupon! 

Overall:
Customer Service 5*
Poutine 4*
Steamies 2*

They also have branded merchandise which is for sure a montrealers thing lol
