SurnOSM2bVVN4-Js3G23RQ So, it really SUCKS writing this review. I have been coming to this place since I first began medical school in the area about 4 years ago. I even had my medschool graduation brunch here in July. 

I guess I'm just really incredibly put off by the event that happened last night while having dinner up at the bar with my colleague. 

First off, we were there to discuss work and just wanted a nice meal and good cocktail. The female bartender started out helping us which was fine, whe acted very rushed which was a bit annoying but I just figured the season is picking up so didn't think much of it. About 20 minutes into our experience, I asked the male bartender for some extra blue cheese olives. He looked at me and said: "That's going to cost ya", I just stared at him and said, that's fine. He went on to say (based on my facial expression, I presume), that their blue cheese is such good quality that they have to charge and just kept blubbering on about it when I had already said OK. Then he said, "Geez, I'm just kidding!". So I chuckled strangely because it was all just so childish, tacky, and not classy, especially since I wasn't there to be entertained by him.  So he said, no you still have to pay $1.00 but then the next ones will be free. I was so fed up with his yammering on that I just said: "Ya know, I find it tacky that you guys are doing this and making a prodcution about the extra cost, just add to the price up front. Who DOESN'T want blue cheese olves with their dirty martini?! 
So the bartender did not like my comment, he began trying degrade me and tell me I don't know what I'm talking about and it's totally fine and acted like he was enlightening me all the while defensively scolding me. 
I was so fed up, I picked up my phone and looked down and said, "I"m done talking about this. Charge me and move on".  He was so arrogant and just really set the tone for the reamining portion of the night. About 30 mintues later, he came up behind me and said "Do we need to talk about this? Are you talking about me?" He was literally in my face like a ghetto, masaginst asshole. I honestly can't believe he's there. He was looking to pick a fight and is more than likely just a restaurant worker for life who's develeoped quite the chip on his shoulder. 

Directly after we finished the dinner (which was delicious), the hurried female bartender went to hand us the dessert menu and spilled a full glass of ice water all over my collequge and dog that was under her chair. The glass shattered and she just said, Oh I'm so sorry. No free dessert, no espresso on the house, nothing. 

If this season is so busy and the bartenders have too much going on, they need to hire more staff. 

Anyway, it's disheartening that the bartender was so argumentative with a customer. I wasn't there for all that drama. I hope he gets fired so we can go back without worrying about his tacky humor and abrasive quarreling.
