SurnOSM2bVVN4-Js3G23RQ THIS REVIEW IS STRICTLY MY OPINION FROM MY EXPERIENCE:

Here I go writing ANOTHER five star review. 

What can I say, other than I try to spend as much of my time as I can hanging out at great places.

So, now on to House of Tricks...

I was originally turned on to House of Tricks by my father years ago, who is a true gourmand. He is always excited to show me a restaurant with an inventive menu which successfully combines foods that aren't traditionally known to go together, especially one full of fresh, delicate sauces. Over the years, House of Tricks has become one of our regular hangouts, and I always have had perfect dining experiences.

A brief history...

Robin and Robert Trick met when they worked together at a Phoenix restaurant, called The Bandersnatch, where she was the manager and he was the chef. They decided to go out on their own and bought an old run down 1920's cottage that was a blue-print shop on 7th Street, just a couple blocks East of Mill Avenue. They opened House of Tricks in 1987. In 1994, they added and remodeled the historic adobe structure next door, more than doubling their space. 

House of Tricks is now an oasis in the middle of Tempe, with a wooden deck, outdoor bar and patio, with loads of potted plants and flowers, mainly cared for each morning by Robert's mom, Mary Trick.

The menu...

The contemporary American menu is created by the staff and chefs, Scott Umscheid and Andrea Bales. The menus are seasonally inspired and changed regularly. Lunch, happy hour and dinner are served Monday through Saturday from 11am - 10am, and they are closed on Sunday.

Examples of the menu include these current appetizers:

~Artisan Cheese Plate with Seasonal Fruit (see pic)

~House Smoked Salmon with Lemon Crema, Red Onion, Avocado and Capers

~Green Chili Chorizo Oysters with Sweet Corn Buerre Blanc and Tart Honey Glaze

~Seared Diver Scallops with Cauliflower Purée, Sautéed Baby Carrots, and Root Beer Gastrique

~House Made Squid Ink Pasta with Whole Tiger Shrimp, Calamari, Grilled Mexican Sweet Corn and  Jalapeño Tomato Fish Fumet

~Smoked Texas Wild Boar with Lime Whole Grain Mustard Barbecue Sauce, Bourbon Glazed Sweet Potatoes, Flour Tortillas and Anaheim Chili Slaw

~Seared Free Range Pork Belly Confit with Black Bean Chilequile, Roasted Jalapeño Emulsion, and Corn Honey

~Harissa Spiced Mussels with Charred Tomato, Chorizo, and Creamy Sweet Cilantro Vinagrette

~Seared Jalapeño Goat Cheese Grits with Mixed Mushroom Confit, Fresh Seasonal Vegetables and Watercress Pistou 

~Foie Gras and Anise Cinnamon Sopapilla with Vanilla Mango Broth, Pomegranate and Lime Crema

~Smoked Korean Style Baby Back Ribs with Spicy Red Chili Paste and Barley Pickled Cucumber Salad

~Ahi Tuna Tartare with Balsamic Glazed Asian Pears, Toasted Almonds, Horse Radish and Grilled Baguette 

The entrees are equally spectacular, most with amazing sauces and all equally creative and delicious. 

There are also soups, salads, sandwiches, and desserts. Needless to say, they are all equally impressive. Please check their website: houseoftricks.com to see the full menu.

Drinks include a bar and extensive wine list.

House of Tricks has been named "One of the Top 5 Wine Bars in the Valley" and Wine Spectator "Award of Excellence" for the past 2 years, so you can be confident you will be pleased with any selection.

House of Tricks has won Trip Advisor's Certificate of Excellence Hall of Fame, is Arizona Republic food critic Howard Seftel's Top 5 Restaurants in East Valley, have won countless other awards and are featured in numerous publications.

Of Note...

Over the years, the Tricks have acquired an impressive art collection that is displayed for guests to view throughout the compound.

Parking is metered out front or in the nearby underground parking.

For more information:
houseoftricks.com

I 5/5 highly recommended House of Tricks!
