4cWrtMvfj-tomyEPgP7KFg Two days after our visit to The Melting Pot, my husband and I are still talking about how amazing our experience was. I have always wanted to go, so we went for my birthday on 9/28, unsure of what to expect. I browsed the menu before arriving- not only because I do that before going to any restaurant, but also to try to prepare myself as it seemed like a complicated menu. Despite our newbie status, our waiter, Dave Y., was friendly and patient and guided us through the menu with skill. I cannot say enough good things about our service! Yes, it is an expensive meal, but their "Ultimate Four-Course meal" is a must-do at least once for anyone who goes. 
The cheddar fondue was to die for, and for the "Ultimate" meal we chose the premium meats for the cheese, and we were very happy with that choice. The strawberry salad was light and refreshing, a nice break before the main course. We went with the Mojo-style cooking broth, which was very tasty and complimented out meat choices nicely (we chose duck, chicken, pork, and filet, as well as the ravioli. Also included were veggies and potatoes). All of the dipping sauces were perfect. Finally, the portion of the meal we were both looking forward to most, the chocolate, was as amazing as we both expected it to be. Out of all the chocolates, we quickly decided on the flaming turtle and enjoyed every piece of dessert and bite of chocolate! 
We were both expecting to be completely stuffed by the end of the meal, and even though it was a lot of food, it was the right amount for each course. We left feeling full but not bursting at the seams. A final note, for us the entire meal took about 2 and a half hours, so be sure to allow ample time- don't arrive at 9pm unless you don't mind staying up late!
I am big on the "experience" of going out to eat- if I am taking the time and money to eat outside of my home, I don't want to be rushed and I want to enjoy the time, and The Melting Pot met and exceeded my expectations for dining out!
