SurnOSM2bVVN4-Js3G23RQ I had lunch here on Friday for the first time with some coworkers and everyone was very pleased with their food.  Jimmy and Vic each ordered the Cast Iron Green Chile Smoked Pork Tamale and both raved about it.  April ordered the Grilled Salmon with Chive Risotto Cake and loved it.  Jessica ordered the Moroccan Fruit and Chicken Shawarma Salad -- again, she had only good things to say.  I chose the House Made Meat Loaf which is without a doubt the best meatloaf I have ever eaten (sorry, Mom).  Check out the lunch menu for complete descriptions of each dish.  For dessert we ordered the blueberry tea mousse and the bread pudding.  The mousse was excellent, although the dark chocolate crumbles at the bottom of the glass could have been omitted IMHO (and I love dark chocolate).  It didn't really seem to add anything to the otherwise wonderful dessert -- maybe it was because we were all stuffed beyond belief by the time we reached the bottom of the glass.  The real killer, however, was the bread pudding.  If you've never had bread pudding you really should put this on your bucket list, and if you a fan of bread pudding, well, this version, with cubes of apple molded in with the bread cubes and served with a warm cinnamon and brown sugar sauce, will make your head explode.  The very next day I brought my partner, who is a big meat loaf fan, and he seconded my opinion, while I went for the Smoked Pork Tamale (which is a lot of food) and loved every bite.  The restaurant occupies two converted houses and the atmosphere reminded me a lot of Santa Monica -- casual and comfortable.  Plenty of outdoor seating with misters, or you can ask to be seated inside, where I sat both times.  The serving staff was spot on -- very attentive and friendly -- ask for Southie if she's working.  The only downside was they are not open on Sunday and don't serve brunch, just lunch (although I did spot a version of Eggs Benedict on the lunch menu).  Altogether a wonderful dining experience.  Looks like we have a new favorite restaurant!
