SurnOSM2bVVN4-Js3G23RQ I was so happy with my experience here.  After spending a few days in AZ and having a bit of culture shock, it was nice to find this quaint little renovated house with a gorgeous outdoor patio area.  There were lush trees and plants everywhere, and even a few kitties that might live there?  My boyfriend and I even decided to brave the 100 degrees to sit out on the patio (we later agreed that it was just a few degrees to warm for that, but it was ALMOST bearable).  We thought about ordering from the happy hour menu, but that is only available at the bar, and we weren't super tempted by anything on the HH menu so decided to delay that for another day and just order off the dinner menu.

We started off with a smoked salmon bruschetta - it was delicious.  I decided to order the lamp chops with lavender potatoes (How could I resist lavender potatoes?).  My boyfriend ordered the filet mignon.  Oh my GOD.  So good.  I also had an Oregon pinot gris that made me very happy.  This was amazing food in an awesome atmosphere!

My only complaints about this experience were:  there were LOTS of flies buzzing around.  I don't really know what could be done about this - we were sitting outside, after all.  Maybe the restaurant could have some discreetly placed fly-catchers ( is that a thing?) around?  I don't know if that is even possible.  I understand that flies are a hazard of sitting outside, so I don't really fault the restaurant for them.  But there were seriously lots of them.

The other slight issue I had was that my boyfriend and I arrived very early in the evening - and we had a reservation.  There was maybe one table seated on the patio, with all the other tables open.  They sat us right away, but it was at a table RIGHT next to the service door.  Meanwhile there are all of these other tables just sitting empty all over the place, and we are trying to have a romantic dinner with people constantly walking in and out of the door right next to my chair.  I just thought it was a weird place to seat us since the place was virtually empty.

These two slight issues were not enough to take away from the overall experience, particularly the amazing food.  I would suggest House of Tricks for a special occasion dinner, and I will also definitely be back to try the happy hour.  This place is a gem!
