SurnOSM2bVVN4-Js3G23RQ Foodie heaven - I love this restaurant!!

(March 7, 2017 update: visited again a few nights ago - there simply aren't enough stars to rate this restaurant - six stars on a five star scale. Every time there is something new and inventive - this last time they had a special soup [sorry I can't recall the name] that was a creamy, shredded meat literal orgasm of flavor - stunning - everyone at the table loved it.One of my favorite - scratch that - this is my all time favorite restaurant!)

Previous review: My fourth or fifth visit, excellent every time. Weather happened to be perfect, which made it even better. Service excellent, with informed waiter which is always a pleasure - knew every detail of every item, really got the impression that he had savored every item himself.

Myself and two guests. We started with the mixed green salad, which was simple and small but very fresh and tasty, a nice start. One had the salmon, which he said was very good. The other had the chicken and dumplings - forget everything you know about that dish, this is different (as-is everything at this restaurant!). First of all, I love traditional chicken and dumplings. However, here the chef has apparently cooked the chicken in the sauce, then out it comes and the plate is prepared with unusual but excellent dumplings, topped with a chicken confit, sauce and small vegetables - delicious.

I had the Pork Belly starter - decadence on a plate. The tastes were overwhelming, and the item plated beautifully. The waiter brought out a small glass of a sweet wine (I think it was  Muskat) and said I just had to try it with the pork. Sounded unusual, but he was right. I then had the Macadamia Nut Roasted Duck. Another hit. The crunch and flavor of the macadamia nuts made the the dish fun, the flavors were terrific. Topped with gingered cranberry, the tartness of which perfectly offset the sweetness of the coconut yam puree. On the side was a crisp bok choy, another flavor profile that added to the sensations. If you like duck, this is the bomb.

I love how the chef really plays with the presentations and tastes here; every time we've gone it's been a great experience, with fantastic food surprises and great service, in addition to the very pleasant and relaxing garden setting of the large outdoor seating area including outdoor bar.

Highly, *highly* recommended.
