SurnOSM2bVVN4-Js3G23RQ *edit* i just returned tonight to celebrate my grad school acceptance with my bf. i was pretty saddened. not by the food (although the braised short ribs is more like pot roast than short ribs... and a little too saucy). ok, the dessert did suck and is worth skipping. and our waitress was terrrrrible! she was surly and not helpful. we were at the restaurant for TWO hours. and it was not even busy.! she didn't even end up bringing us the bill - we had to ask for the bill, and a different waitress (who was really nice) brought it to us. bad service is a huuuuge turnoff to me. fortunately, the seared ahi tuna is still amazing. and so is the cheese plate appetizer. yeah, HOT lost a star from me tonight. it was allll that waitress' (and nasty dessert's) fault.

the food that dreams are made of.... this small hidden restaurant just down the block from Mill Ave is a true gem. i actually chose to eat here for my birthday after reading some reviews on Yelp, and have now come back to return the favor! in all honesty, i think this is my fave restaurant in ALL of the Phoenix area! 

we started off with the cheese plate... oh baby! they had a fantastic selection of delectable cheeses that i would probably never choose for myself - i just wish i knew the names of the cheeses as i was eating them. and i wish there was more cheese to go around! 

i ordered the pork chop with coconut mashed potatoes (yeah everything had super pretty gourmet names, but i can't remember that many words....) deeeee-lish! perfect complement.

although my dinner was awesome, i kinda wanted to steal my bf's dinner more... he ordered the seared ahi tuna over masa pancake. it was incredible. i think i'm always amazed by good seafood in Arizona. and HOT (haha, nice acronym) does an amazing job.

super cute date place. (two thumbs up to my man for taking me here!) perfect romantic atmosphere for l-o-v-e, and sitting outside is refreshing in the fall/spring. when it's crowded, though, it's not as intimate, but still cozy. i'd recommend dining here in the middle of the week for a nice intimate dinner. or lunch. just eat here. you won't be disappointed!!!!
