SurnOSM2bVVN4-Js3G23RQ I went here for the first time the other night, and it was fantastic. 

The food was awesome. Perfectly cooked and wonderfully seasoned, and with interesting and unique flavor combinations. Our table had a starter of the cheese and fruit plate, which contained a nice variety of items and was big enough for all four of us to have our fill. For my entree I had pan-seared cod with arugula, new potatoes, and beets. It was accompanied with a horseradish cream sauce that was just amazing. I couldn't get over how wonderful each component tasted. I think it was the first time I ever said to myself, "these beets taste great!" My dessert was a peanut-butter filled lava cake with ice cream, and I was so full by that point I could barely finish it.. but believe me, I forced myself to. It was that good.

Additionally, their cocktails are awesome. I had the cherry cherry boom boom, and while a bit silly to say the name, it was worth it. The taste was like cherry ice cream with a kick. It actually gave me a slight buzz, so there was plenty of alcohol in it. Which is good, since the cocktails cost quite a bit each. I had a sip of one of my dinner mate's frisky squirrel cocktail, which was also delicious. 

The service was great. Our waiter was friendly and attentive. We ate on the patio area, on a table in the corner, and the atmosphere was very cozy at night. One of the house kitties hung around our table being very personable. I think that cat knows the deal very well, because as soon as our plates were delivered, it came over and immediately began meowing and begging for scraps. Of course we had to oblige, just a little.. ;)

I think the only complaint I have is that the plates they serve the food on are a little big for the tables they have, as all four of our plates, cocktails, glasses of water, and other things, just barely fit on the table with some maneuvering (such as moving the flower vase off our table). But that's pretty nitpicky and didn't take away from my enjoyment. 

I'll definitely be back!
