4cWrtMvfj-tomyEPgP7KFg The Melting Pot is an experience.  I have been to this location several times over the years, but most recently during Restaurant Week. We had reservations for 6 people at 7:00pm.
Two of us arrived early and decided to enjoy a cocktail at the bar while we waited for the others.  I decided to order one of their specialty cocktails, the strawberry blonde martini, so good.  I noticed too that you could enjoy fondue at the bar.  A nice bonus if you just want to come and enjoy a cocktail, glass of wine, and some fondue rather than an entire meal.

Once our whole party arrived we were seated and walked through how the evening will work, courses, fondue options, etc. and our drink order was taken.  (BTW, 1/2 price glasses of wine on Thursday night).  Tricia our server was so sweet and gave us ample time to look over the menu.
With six of us we were able to choose two fondue options for each course. For the cheese course we ordered the Wisconsin Cheddar and the Spinach & Artichoke.  The Spinach & Artichoke was by far the favorite among all of us.  The cheese course came with apples, tortilla chips, bread, and some veggies. Loved!
The salad course was next and it seemed we all ordered different ones, I chose the house salad and loved it! So fresh and just the right portion.
For the main course we chose the court bouillon and coq au vin cooking styles. I ordered the signature dish, which came with tuna, chicken, pork and steak. The perfect option to allow you to taste everything.  Note: They do have veggies platter and can do anything vegan, if necessary.
The main course was fun, cooking, mixing with the variety of dipping sauces and coming up with the best flavor combinations. We received broccoli, mushrooms and potatoes along with the course.
On the dessert, OMG! We decided to go traditional for one, Milk Chocolate, and fun for the other, Smores.  The dessert course came with the most options for dipping, strawberries, bananas, marshmallows, chocolate chip brownies, pound cake and a few other things. Heaven!!! And, I am not even a chocolate lover, but it was just right!
I am already thinking about when I can go back!

Tricia was great and I think we all enjoyed the food and experience very much!
