4cWrtMvfj-tomyEPgP7KFg For my birthday our son's family of three children, plus he and wife and my wife and I had the fondue experience.  I last did fondue in probably the '80s, so it had been a long time.

In the 1970 and early '80s, fondue was very popular.  We had three fondue sets, with long forks, one for oil, one for cheese and another for chocolate.  If you got married in that time frame, you most likely had a fondue set or two in your wedding gifts.

Until I went here I thought that fondue places did not exist.  BUT, The Melting Place really does it right and I was very pleased to re-experience fondue the right, classy and classic way.

We waited for the gang to arrive in their excellent bar.  And the drink selections were unique along with a bar tender who knew what, in this case, he, was doing.  Really detailed concoctions shaken and poured with the appropriate razz-a-ma-taz. A pleasure.

Seated upstairs at a large table the menu was a bit confusing but the wait staff walked us through it and the decoding worked for us.  We had an appetizer fondue of cheese sauces.  There were at least six of them to choose from.  Excellent blends although we only ordered two of them.

I was surprised at how the grandchildren loved the experience.  Ages 4, 8 & 11 they were well-mannered and were mostly able to help themselves.  It was a nice feeling.

The main courses offered a multitude of meat and veggie combination that you cooked, literally, in hot oil set on counter top heaters.  You could also broth to cook with and that we did, so the children cooked in broth, adults in oil.  Safer for children.

I ate my fill, which surprised me as I never recall being full at earlier fondue parties or at home.
And as I sat sated, they brought dessert!

And you might have guessed that there are at least six types of chocolate to dip cake, fruit and brownies (!) into the chocolate blends.  We did two chocolate blends and they were both excellent.

What surprised me was the portion sizes of sauces was just enough for the amount of dipping food provided.  The cheese pots were just about empty and so with the chocolate.  Very good planning and it was more than enough for a table of four adults and three kiddos.

A great evening and we highly recommend the experience.  And this is an excellent first date place, as well as a regular date place.  There is an intimacy in dipping food and eating it from long forks.
