SzcCJJmreMlWCsNjupdVAA Dinner with friends at L'Albatros.  I arrived a little later and did not take advantage of the restaurant's happy hour menu.  I heard, however, about some major disappointments in the service at the bar--which is by no means large and, in any event with it being a Wednesday night, was not at all crowded.  The dissatisfaction boiled down to a lack of attentiveness on the part of the bartenders--not checking on drinks and culminating in a problem that, when they finally did check on a second round, happy hour had already ended . . . for a whole four minutes.  Nonetheless, the bar refused to relent and, while I perfectly understand that "rules are rules," the lack of attentiveness and then essentially blaming the customer for not watching the clock is something I would expect more from Cadillac Ranch than a top Cleveland dining spot.

We were seated in the dining room with the darker brick walls--a odd combination of a rustic feel combined with white tables and noticeably flimsy white plastic chairs.  A painting of a woman's face with an intense set of eyes kept watch over the room, as if to dare you to criticize the mix of traditional and modern.  The room itself was very poorly lighted.  I strained to read the menu and wine list, and I can't imagine that the task was any easier for the East Side blue bloods at the surrounding tables.

So, all in all, L'Albatros was not off to a good start.  Fortunately, the food picked up the slack:  I highly recommend the cheese plate.  The cheese server brings out a large tray of over twenty cheeses, identifies each one and gives a little added background about its taste, where it was from, or how it was made.  The "French Toast," a ragout of wild mushrooms and balsamic syrup over two pieces of bread vaguely resembling French toast, was okay, but I would not have it again unless I really had a taste for mushrooms.  I am still curious what about the combination of mushrooms and toast the dish was intending to highlight.  The Goat Cheese Tart with Olives and Sun Dried Tomatoes was better--the olives and sun dried tomatoes were welcome highlights in what is a very rich appetizer.

For an entrée, the classic Cassoulet--a hearty mixture of white beans, lamb, duck confit, and sausage served, oddly, in a skillet--was very good and better than the same dish at Crop Bistro, the only other local cassoulet I've had.  Also at the table was the vegetarian Pasta du Jour, a fairly unexciting mix of pasta and fresh vegetables with olive oil and herbs.  On the other hand, the Braised Leg of Lamb was warmly received.  In addition to the entrees, we got two sides for the table, neither of which was particularly good.  The Crispy Breaded Cauliflower was on the bland side and could have used some spices or a sauce of some sort.  I liked the concept of the Vegetable Tian, but did not agree with the overpowering cheese it was topped with.

Dessert was a mixed bag:  After a quick scan of the menu, I zeroed in on and ordered the soufflé--excited and a little surprised the menu did not list the usual 45 minute lead time needed that you see at the rare few places you can find a soufflé for dessert.  The reason became apparent when the desserts came out:  The dish was not a soufflé at all, but rather ice cream.  Our server explained that it was called a "soufflé" because part of the ice cream rises slightly above the cup it is served in.  Checking the menu again, it reads "Frozen Blood Orange and Grand Marnier Soufflé."  I think the restaurant could have at least put quotes around the word "soufflé" or otherwise came up with another name for this dish (which, mind you, is not accompanied by any type of description on the dessert menu).  The other desserts at the table were a very creamy Chocolate Napoleon and, probably the best dessert, a simple and rich Warm Chocolate Brownie with crème anglaise and vanilla ice cream.

Overall, I would be lying to say that my first visit to L'Albatros was not a disappointment.  The Cassoulet and Cheese Plate were excellent but accompanied by big misses with the two side dishes and the soufflé snafu.  The wine list was pretty good (the 2005 Chateau La Croix St. Georges was fantastic), though I would not go so far as to agree with our server that it was intimidatingly large.  Frankly, it is difficult to read just because the restaurant lighting is so dark.  As previously mentioned, service at the bar was subpar and the service at the table was not any better than average--coming back to get our food and wine orders and also getting the wine seemed to take inordinately long.  I started writing this review with the thought of giving L'Albatros three stars, and I still think the restaurant has the tools to get a three, if not four, star rating.  But I do not want to judge on potential--despite how badly I may want to see it.
