SzcCJJmreMlWCsNjupdVAA L'Albatros is one of my favorite hometown restaurants. I love French food and I have been going to L'Albatros since they opened. The reason that I love ALL Zack Bruell restaurants is because they are all fabulous! You will always get a great dinning experience at any of his resturants. Just the atmosphere alone is worth dinning at L'Albatros, the decor inside is very modern  and the patio is tranquil. While dinning here my faviorites have been...

ESCARGOTS with toasted garlic and fennel butter  

FRENCH TOAST with ragout of wild mushrooms and balsamic syrup 

FRISÉE AND BACON LARDONS WITH POACHED EGG with Xeres vinegar and Dijon 
mustard

SEARED SEA SCALLOPS with brussel sprouts, noodles and Pernod cream 

ROASTED TROUT WITH ALMOND CRUST with tomato confit, haricots verts and truffle butter

CONFIT OF CHICKEN with St. Paulin cheese, melted leeks, mushrooms and truffle butter

They also have phenomenal beef and pork dishes but I prefer poultry and seafood. They have their own garden that is outside of the restaurant for some of their vegetables and spices. The service is top notch and so is the food. I go here for a girls night out, special occasions, and date night with my husband. If I can find a reason to dine at L"Albatros I AM THERE!

Here is a list of Zack Bruell's Restaurants:

Parallax, located in Cleveland's Tremont neighborhood, is Chef Zachary Bruell's flagship restaurant, with a strong emphasis on fusion seafood and sushi.
http://parallaxtremont.com

Table 45 at the InterContinental Cleveland features richly flavored World Cuisine, including sushi, tandoori clay oven creations and a popular international "street food" lunch menu in a chic, minimalist setting.
http://tbl45.com

L'Albatros is a traditional French brasserie, set in an old carriage house on the campus of Case Western Reserve University, featuring daily specials and extensive cheese and wine offerings.
http://albatrosbrasserie.com

Chinato features innovative cuisine that highlights various culinary regions and techniques used throughout Italy, in a space that blends urban vibrancy and old world charm on Cleveland's E. 4th Street.
http://chinatocleveland.com

Cowell & Hubbard, an innovative, modern French restaurant situated in the center of PlayhouseSquare, takes its name and its design essence from the iconic jewelry store that occupied the space from 1920 to 1981.
http://cowellhubbard.com

DYNOMITE offers fresh, made-to-order, take-away burgers and sides done from scratch, as well as wine, beer, custom ice cream, milk shakes and more.  DYNOMITE is located in the heart of PlayhouseSquare.
http://dynomitecleveland.com
