SzcCJJmreMlWCsNjupdVAA I've made several trips to L'Albatros at this point and I can tell you it is certainly one of the gems of Cleveland. One of the little known gems by those not considered foodies, food connoisseurs, gourmands or whatever other adjective you wish to label those who love great food.  Chef Bruell at L'Albatros and all his other restaurants does a great job for really nailing the cuisine in question.  In the case of L'Albatros it is French cuisine.

Anyone who has eaten French food will know that you won't leave hungry, and by not leaving hungry I mean that the richness of Traditional French food is excellent at tricking you into the age old problem of your eyes being bigger than your stomach. It may not always look like a 24 ounce steak and potatoes, but the deliciously rich and tasty cassoulet will leave you wanting a wheel barrel for dessert.......to wheel you out with.  It may sound like I'm telling you that the food will make you feel miserable and that isn't the case. I'm saying that you should know what you are getting yourself into and order accordingly.  The main reason I warn you is due to a small but very important part of the menu that I won't allow you to miss, the cheese plate. Unfortunately, cheese and charcuterie plates have become "trendy" and as a result often times become very generic and forgettable.  So much so that you will probably overlook them on a menu 9 out of 10 times unless you've been to the restaurant before to know they know their stuff.  Well if there is one place in Cleveland not to miss the cheese it is L'Albatros. GM, sommelier and fromager Brandon Chrostowski describes cheese in a way no one else can.  Each cheese is described in such a way that you feel like you are along on a journey with it.  Brandon describes where and how long the cheese is aged, the type of milk it is made from, the scents and subtle tastes you should notice from it.  In the event Brandon isn't the one to deliver your cheese, the others are more than capable of describing the cheese with the very same details but their delivery just may not be as eloquent.

You may wonder why I would write a review mostly about cheese and not about the other food options? Well I've avoided steering you in any one particular direction as far as the entrees go because I've enjoyed enough things to know that if you order something that fits your tastes you will likely not to be disappointed.
