SzcCJJmreMlWCsNjupdVAA Solid 4 but this night I give them a 4.5.  I'm still searching for that 5 star joint that falls in the same category / price point as L'Albatros.  Now the review.

L'Albatros has been on the short list of restaurants to visit in Cleveland since moving here in 08'.  The wife (Alison) and I decided it was time to buck up and get a sitter, date night if you will, because it has been LONG over due.  We wanted something different then ponying up to a bar or sitting in a booth sharing wings and pizza, so we pulled out the restaurant bucket list and chose L'Albatros.  I then did my due diligence and read my fellow Yelpers reviews for ideas on what to order.  Now instead of going into a long drawn out review with paragraphs of descriptions on the food and comparing to other places that do it better, I'll just be short and sweet.

Made reservations on 4 square and were seated right away in a nice table for 2 with a view of their bubbly patio.  Little cramped but expected for Saturday night.

We both ordered wine, Bordeaux for me and I think Pinot Gris for her. Mine was great so we ordered it by the bottle for dinner;  decided we didn't care about matching with our entree selections.  Bread was served with olive oil.

http://albatrosbrasserie.com/ --Menu for reference.

For starters / appetizers:
Shared: "FRENCH TOAST" - WOW!  Alison is not much of a mushroom person but this $8 app was delicious.  

Alison - VEGETABLE SOUP (SOTD) - She loved it, me not so much.
Jeff - FRISÉE AND BACON LARDONS WITH POACHED EGG - Great salad.  Poached egg with the large chunks of bacon went perfect with the frisee and light dressing.  

Shared: SELECTION OF THREE CHEESES - This is a must for anyone visiting.  We both decided that the time spent choosing the cheeses from our Fromagier (sp?) and the tasting itself was both educational and divine or in man terms - pretty cool. 

Dinner:
Alison - ROASTED TROUT WITH ALMOND CRUST - For some reason we've both been on this rainbow trout kick which made it really hard to pass up.  Very happy Alison went with this dish.  Perfectly cooked and the fish didn't get drowned out by all the additions to the dish.  
Jeff - HANGER STEAK AND FRITES - This seemed to be the most popular dish with decent marks on Yelp so I went with the safe route.  The steak was cooked as ordered and the cut was exceptional.  I was waiting for that one bite where I chomp down on fat but that never happened.  The béarnaise sauce went well, not overpowering, just a nice compliment to the steak and frites (also wonderful for 'French' fries).

Dessert:
Shared - I called ahead of time and asked if it would be OK if we brought a bottle of dessert wine that we have been saving since our 1st Anniversary, no prob!  I think he actually told me to bring as much wine as I wanted, no corking fee charged, very cool for them to let us do that.  Perfect ending of a close to perfect evening.

Top notch service from top to bottom.  We will return.  Patio, wine, and 5 cheese sampler, that's worth a trip in itself.  Thanks L'Albatros for a wonderful night.  A well deserved honor to be the 300th review from this Yelper.
