SzcCJJmreMlWCsNjupdVAA Took my parents and DH here to celebrate my birthday.  The French Toast and Goat Cheese Tart were delicious.  Definitely must trys, and I say this as someone in an uneasy truce with mushrooms (FT is covered in the squishy lil buggers).  Between us we had the cod, chicken confit, lamb, potato soup, French onion soup, and the chop salad.  All were thoroughly enjoyed although the potato soup was reportedly a little bland and my confit was a little too...confit.  What?  Well, the meat was fantastic, but the plating features spaetzle and fewer veg than I expected from the description.  This along with the garlic jus made for a very heavy and one dimensional dish.  Confit is a naughty treat and my poor palate and stomach would have appreciated something clean and bright to balance it out.  Instead the spaetzle just soaked up the flavor and became sort of an essence of confit... too much.  

We would have loved to have had desert and indeed had two hours set aside for the meal, but despite us mentioning we wanted desert things went too slowly following dinner (our empty plates sat foreverrrrrr) and we ran out of time.  We did come back that night after an event to have desert.  It was interesting to see the contrast in service- our first server was very friendly and sweet, but when we told our second server it was just desert for us he was fairly cold and didn't interact much.  We didn't feel very welcome.  As a former server I can understand why, but he didn't even try to hide his annoyance.  It was like a switch went off and his personality fell down the rabbit hole.  So pacing at the first sitting and service at the second lose a star for me, but we'll be back to try again because we did really enjoy our meal.  Great place to bring people, I don't know why but I got the feeling it would be consistent and you wouldn't have one of those embarrassing dinners where you raved about the place but the chef has an off night.  The atmosphere is modern but warm and very bustling.
