t1mR_Zff6Dqv1TueE2JLEA About a 3.5 - 4. I was here for summerlicious 2 years ago (Cafe Moroc). It was def. a 4 +. I remember everyone being very kind courteous & the manager even stopped by to speak w/ my group. The food was amazing then so I was really looking forward to coming here as a friend was having a stagette (dinner & show).

We were supposed to be on the main floor but because the air conditioner was down that day we were moved to the basement. I think it was the manager who helped moved us down as we were waiting for at least 15 mins even though reservations had heen made in advance & none of the staff did n e thing about it. The basement was another area w/ nice moroccan decor (although one pal didn't think so lol). It was dimly lit..so my photos were absolute crap.

The show was alright although I thought it was a bit short. The BELLY dancer (please see pic :D) danced around the room for about 5 mins then went around each table. She even got the bride & bm's to dance around a lil.

Dinner was starting at $ 45 up (they should update the website it says $ 39.95 still). There were four courses. I just didn't like how we had to pay a little extra for certain dishes so it restricted me a little but I tried to keep within the regular menu. I ordered the...

Sliced Smoked Duck Breast Salad - I didn't mind paying $ 4 or so extra as the Harira or bowl of olives did not seem as appetizing to me. Some of the girls ordered the olives and said it was a bit salty. 

Hummus & Zaalouk - trio of hummus including traditional black bean & roasted red pepper, roasted eggplant and tomato puree. Fresh cilantro & served with pita. This was very interesting & it was nice trying the various flavours. 

Braised Lamb - slow braised lamb shank, served with tagine seasoned couscous with a rich prune demi glace, topped with preserved lemon and toasted almonds. The meat was so tender it literally slid off the bone as one yelper mentioned. It was delicious! I almost wanted to ask for a box to take the bone home for my dog as it was crazy large lol The third course was definitely filling.

Brulee Royale - I absolutely adore eating crème brulee so I did not mind paying nearly $ 3 extra. It did not disappoint.

Overall, the food was quite good & I would come back again though only for special occasions as I'm a frugal eater. I was still stuffed the next morning & wasn't hungry until noon time!
