t1mR_Zff6Dqv1TueE2JLEA Food Quality & Price: Price of the meal was $40 per person (there were many other options which had an additional charge). Having been here twice, I highly recommend the following meal if you have no idea what to order.

First Course: Harira (a type of vegetable soup)
Second Course: Maftoul (savoury spring roll). Hummus with Pita was also good. Boeuf Bourguinon was decent but not worth the extra charge. I would 100% order the Maftoul again.
Third Course: Rack of Lamb. Our group of 10 ordered a large variety of the Third Course and none were very impressive. If I were to go again, I'd try the Rack of Lamb.
Fourth Course: Chocolate Oasis (similar to a chocolate brownie lava cake). I did not like the cinnamon-y Moroccan treats. Creme Brulee was okay, but I did not think it was worth the extra.

Facility: Located right on Front St (a one way road), street parking is hard to find if you are getting there after 6pm. Be prepared to wait a while or park further away (neither is good if it's raining). About $3 per hour on weekends up to 9pm (free after 9). The Sultan's Tent has lovely decor (though I'm not sure how authentic or culturally sensitive it is, but it definitely gets points for being romantic. Washrooms are clean but need to be checked more often (empty toilet paper rolls) etc. Overall, decent sight lines but hard to get in and out of the large banquet seats if you have  a big party. 

Service: Pre-booking/reservation was an unreliable system. Upon calling to book for the Sultan's Tent, we were told that 7pm was not available. Instead, I was given the choice of 5:30pm or 10pm. I opted for the 5:30. On arrival, I was told by the hostess that we were booked for Cafe Morroc (not the dinner show in the back). I asked how this problem could be solved and she said there was (thankfully) an opening at 7:30pm for our party of 10. Odd. So who ever took my booking never bothered to tell me that 7:30pm was an available time for the dinner show. 

All would have been fine and dandy, but I had to call all attendees to tell them to come 2 hours later (not a big deal).  But after my call, I heard the hostess complaining to her co-worker (in front of me) about us and our booking. IMO, highly unprofessional. 

So if you are making a reservation, CLARIFY if you are reserving for Cafe Morroc or the dinner show in the back "Sultan's Tent". Take this into your own hands because they will fumble the ball.

During dinner, our waiter (I think his name was Chris?) was just great. Charismatic and charming, he balanced our table well and everything went very smoothly from orders to billing. 

Belly dancer show was fun to watch. Two girls went up and down the aisles (I vaguely remember three girls the last time I came to Sultan's Tent) but nevertheless, they did not disappoint. Had a lot of fun when they dragged both of us birthday girls out to dance a bit. Hilariously mortifying but a lot of fun!

Overall: A fun, novel place to go for a birthday or a bachelorette. Don't go expecting great food, you are there for the experience. Don't think I would seek out to book/eat there again after having been twice already. But if a party was happening, I wouldn't mind going. Sultan's Tent needs to work on their booking process and some of their girls' professional training. Wait staff was great and the show was worth a look-see.

I rate Sultan's Tent a 3.5/5.
