t1mR_Zff6Dqv1TueE2JLEA Hit The Sultan's Tent last night with 6 other friends for a bit of Moroccan fare. We opted for the $39.95 four-course menu, over their Winterlicious spread....and it was definitely worth every dollar. 

From what I was told, the Winterlicious diners had to be seated at the front of the restaurant, while us four-coursers were escorted to the fancier and more intimate digs at the back -- chiffon drapes, dimmed lighting, and ofcourse, the belly dancing.

Oh and the food!! The Harira was a flavourful soup with a mild, spicy kick, and did not disappoint. This was followed by the delectable 'Moroccan Cigars', which were crunchy and flavourful. For my main, I went with the Braised Lamb (given that mutton and lamb form the base of Moroccan cuisine, it would be wrong to choose otherwise!). The tender, fall-of-the-bone lamb shank served on a bed of tagine seasoned couscous proved to be the true pièce de résistance. Absolutely, absolutely delicious!

We sampled the three different desserts off each other's plates, but the Brulee Royale topped with crushed pistachios was the real crowd pleaser. A shot of hot and minty Moroccan tea made for a perfect end to a fantastic meal.

The server did a great job with recommendations, the staff were really friendly, and the service was quick, with courses coming out before we could clean the crumbs off our shirts. The Middle Eastern decor, with its rich, dark colours and soft lighting, created a beautiful, ambient setting for a cosy, chilled-out dinner with friends.

I'm only taking away one star because, for me, the entertainment fell a little short. Having witnessed my fair share of Middle Eastern belly dancers, what diners at The Sultan's Tent were offered was more contemporary and less shimmy. Even the boys at my table were bored after a while. Don't let that sway your judgement though - she still does put on a show.

Overall - I've been meaning to dine at this restaurant for a while, and our dining experience definitely made it worth the wait.
