t1mR_Zff6Dqv1TueE2JLEA As a business owner myself , I listen to my reviews etc from customers. This place should too before its too late for them , The 1 star reviews are mounting and sooner or later it does have an affect on the business. 
The front line staff is important , they set the mood for the evening. The tall hostess with the loud shoes....clunk clunk clunk back and forth during our meal was unbearable at times. You could hear her from the bathroom !! But lets move onto the rest of the place. The setting is very comforting and you look forward to a great experience which this place does not deliver. Slow to greet you at the table and take your drink order . We already knew the prices were fixed and we were fine with that . What we were not fine with was the quality. As other reviews state "bland" is the best way to describe it. Perhaps the great decor as seen through our eyes gave our mouth the wrong expectation. Location of restaurant dictates that they have to charge the unjust price of $55 per person. Music good ...belly dancers good. 

One thing the management should explain here to future readers and potential patrons. If we book our reservations online, get a confirmation in our mail with the details etc,,,,,why is it necessary to call Guest Services to confirm the reservations ? Do you not trust your reservation system ? This didn't bother me at first but after the let down of the meal etc it just added more fuel to the fire to downgrade this place. 

Upon confirmation of our reservations we were told that we had 2 hrs and 20 minutes to enjoy ourselves..... We were  wondering why people were walking out within and hour and now we know. This place will get the people looking for that great experience of Morocco but will not have return guests. 

One last thing....its a small thing but helps . As your guests are leaving and passing by the hostess .....the hostess should acknowledge ..."hey this was a customer that just spent some money here....maybe I should stop talking to the other hostess and say "Thank you for coming" 2 seconds out of your conversation and it would help a lot...Oh by the way...clunk clunk clunk...
