T4shscbr3BU3yb6EA3BSfA Location: In old town. The closest subway is Champ-de-Mars and it's a 5-minute walk from there. Street parking is available [metered] but finding a spot is like looking for a needle in a haystack. Public transit is the better option.

I precede my standard review format with one word: Impeccable. 

The place: Not huge by any means, but the space is cozy and comfortable and reminds me of an urban chalet. I really liked the overall vibe of L4C and any place that plays Johnny Cash and Leonard Cohen is rocking in my books. 

The goods: Well, first of all, I'm still stuffed this morning, so that should say something, right? 

Starters: I'm not much of a meat eater. I know - I say this often. But I do like to be adventurous from time to time, so I decided to go with the Boudin Blanc, served with Kohlrabi, tarragon, and raspberry. Sweet baby Jesus, was this good OR WHAT? No, it wasn't - it was great. Unlike your standard Boudin, L4C's version is made with fowl and thus, the texture is a little softer and more delicate than the blood variety. It reminded me of Cretons, actually, but with a milder flavor. It was so totally delicious that I wish I could chow down on this again this morning. My date ordered the White Onion Soup [smoked sturgeon, elderberry, sorrel]. This soup is unlike any onion soup that you've ever had because a) there's no bread, b) there's no onions and c) there's no fromage. Rather, it's a creamy kinda soup. I loved this - the sturgeon was a really interesting flavor to combine with the soup and really brought everything together. If you order either of these starters, your belly will thank you. Fantastic.

Mains: I opted for the Yellow Sturgeon, served with naked oats, carrot, Brussel sprouts, veal jus with smoked herring, savory. First off, the dish was beautifully presented (well, they all were). I hadn't tried Sturgeon before which is why I selected this fish over the Arctic Char. Sturgeon is pretty meaty so don't let the fact that it's 'just fish' fool you into thinking this is going to be a light option. It's not. I quite enjoyed this, and the veal jus with smoked herring really complimented this fish. It was delicious. Now, there weren't actually any Brussel sprouts on my plate - only leaves, so I guess maybe they were going with a deconstructed theme? In any case, another amazing dish. My date had the Suckling Pig, served with celeriac puree, cherry, radish, sweet gale jus.  I forgot to take a photo of this one, but the presentation was wonderful. She loved every bite of her dish and she wiped it clean before the server came over to take her plate away. So much so, that he laughingly commented on this. 

Dessert: It shouldn't surprise anyone that I went with the chocolate option, right? Didn't think so. I ordered the Kalingo Dark Chocolate & Peanut dessert, served with a Concorde grape sorbet and pear. Another stunning presentation, and HELLO - once you combined the chocolate mouse with the peanut powder, your mouth found itself filled with the gourmet version of a Reese PB cup. The chocolate was amazing - not at all rich or too sweet.  My date opted for more wine over dessert. Tant pis/ touch sh*t for her!

Service: I can't say enough about the spectacular service that we received here. Honestly, when I walked in and saw that all of the waiters were bearded and sporting plaid shirts, my immediate thought was "GREAT. I've walked into Hipster central. How the hell did this happen?" This myth however, was quickly dispelled as soon as the host greeted me in a friendly fashion and with a huge welcoming smile. Relief. Our main waiter for the night was the fabulously awesome Guillaume. Not only was he the friendliest waiter to ever sport a beard and plaid shirt, he was also extremely attentive and knowledgeable about every aspect of the menu. He guided us through the menu and answered all of our questions with no hesitation, his knowledge of wine made me wonder if he worked at a vineyard in his former life, and more importantly, he made every effort to accommodate my date, who is unfortunately plagued with Celiac disease. L4C is very gluten-free friendly and have no qualms about modifying most of the dishes on the menu. On a more general note, our water glasses were refilled continuously, our table was cleared immediately between dishes and well, service rocks. 

Price point: One glass of wine + appy + main + dessert will run you about $75 plus tax. 

Make a reservation - these guys pack a full house on weekends.
