T4shscbr3BU3yb6EA3BSfA Me and my wife both had the tasting menu. I had the vegetarian version of it.

Overall impression: Lots of potential but fell short in the flavor department on 2 out of 5 dishes.

I started with a beet salad amuse-bouche. This one was excellent.. full of flavor and layers, great presentation. I normally don't even like beets but this dish, I loved.

The appetizer was a cucumber with goat cheese salad, with grape slices and nuts. The presentation was once again was beautiful but the taste fell a bit short. I am not a goat cheese fan to begin with so perhaps some people would love it. I felt like the dish needed something like lemon or herbs to add more layers to the flavors which were overpowered by the strong goat cheese.

The entree was a turnip "pasta" bowl with parmesan and trumpet mushrooms/puree. Very original dish. It's surprising how well the turnip felt as a spaghetti of sorts. Flavors were strong but very nicely balanced with some lemon. Definitely a winner.

The main meal was the reason I gave Les 400 Coups 3 stars. It was a "slab" of butternut squash with some mushrooms/nuts/various greens. The butternut squash itself was amazingly done, it was extremely smooth, buttery and silky. The ingredients around this main piece were all correct and well chosen, however what lacked heavily was flavor. It lacked salt/pepper and perhaps something like lemon/onions/basil/flowers.. something to add more punch to it. It was just very flat tasting and not too interesting. It's really too bad because the potential is there in the dish, it just wasn't executed very well. 

The 2 desserts were exceptional. Some of the best we've had. The "Vert" dessert was especially unique and bursting with flavor. I had never tasted white chocolate yogourt with green apple before.. The second dessert was a chocolate mousse with pear sorbet and my wife got a strawberry jelly with sorbet. Both were very very good and given the ingredients I listed I don't need to describe the flavors!

Service was adequate, nothing amazing but fairly good. They didn't take away our wine glasses even though we didn't want wine, which was kinda weird. The waitresses were friendly and attentive to our questions/comments.

My take on Les 400 Coups: We'll check it out again in a year. There's definitely a ton of potential in it. There's a lot of great things about it and like I told my wife: they get it. They just need to work on the vegetarian main dishes more and add more punch and rounded flavors to them. My wife thought her tasting menu (with meat) was excellent. Also the presentation in every dish was great.

I give it 3 stars but I think that it's closer to 3.8 or so.. I just didn't want to give it 4 because they did fall short on the main meal which is a no-no to me. It's definitely worth a try.
