T4shscbr3BU3yb6EA3BSfA Les 400 Coups is doing their interpretation of Modern French cuisine with rave fanfare. The interior is a cozy, rustic though somewhat ornate, if that makes sense, looking spot.

We went with the tasting menu which is 5 courses for $75.

The meal started with an amuse bouche of a clam with a nice acidic mignonette. It certainly woke up the taste buds.

Nice, thick, crusty bread was brought to the table with a nice portion of butter. The bread was the perfect contrast of crunchy crust with a nice chewy interior.

The next course was a cucumber salad with lavender, goat cheese and garlic croutons. The acidity of the dressing was toned down by the creaminess of the goat cheese. The cucumbers were nice and crisp.

The next course was linguine with mussels and fried chicken skin. The mussels were nice and plump, but rather on the small side. The pasta was a nice al dente.

The next course was duck with cherry and raw oats. The duck was a perfect medium rare and retained its juiciness and flavor. The cherries added a nice acidic punch, while the oats added a nice chewiness. The watermelon radishes added some textural contrast.

The next course was blood sorrel, dehydrated rhubarb, wild ginger and crushed pistachios. Pairing two tart ingredients with the blood sorrel and rhubarb, along with the medicinal flavor of ginger was kind of off putting to me. Unfortunately, it appears that I forgot to take a picture.

A mango sorbet with mango jelly, lemon curd, coconut meringue and Thai basil was next. The sorbet was fresh tasting, the mango jelly had a little bit of a chew to it. The meringue had a nice coconut bite, while the Thai basil helped to tone down the sweetness.

The final course was concord grape sorbet with chocolate crisps, pecans and brown butter cream. The sorbet had a nice sweetness with a hint of acidity. The chocolate paired nicely with the sorbet. The brown butter had a soft boba texture with a hint of bitterness, and the pecans added a nice textural crunch.

Service was fine throughout the meal. The food was very good, however somewhat too far reaching at times. Portion size is somewhat small for the price, but quality ingredients and excellent cooking is displayed.
