T7YqBNASs4gNUsooLzzbuw There are certain things that I am particularly sensitive to and the first is lead by my nose. I have one hell of a sniffer and as I have admitted in prior discussions in this open forum, my nose can be a nuisance. Today as we were out celebrating the holiday at the Biltmore Fashion Park and looking for a light bite, maybe even a glass of wine or bubbles, we decided to stop upstairs to Christopher's. It has been several months since my last visit and recently - in one of last week's discussions - I strongly encouraged a fellow SF yelp-er to visit Christopher's. I thought it would be wise to revisit a place I have genuinely enjoyed. 

Now, before I continue, I agree, Christopher's can have, what I refer to as, disconnected service. And, when I am on the receiving end and being disconnected, I force a connection - especially if I want to engage conversation and have questions answered from the service team. That being said, we walked in, asked to sit at the bar and for menus and a wine list.

They were going to disconnect us. Yeah, not going to happen. We were in a chatty mood and we wanted, very badly to have one glass of champagne and to be full of cheer. I ordered two glasses of Tattinger Rose Special Cuvee and as I sat for my friend to return from the restroom, I couldn't get past the smell. I know that smell. I used to work at an older Tempe bar and I know the smell of well - I know the smell. And, I also know the lovely perfume that should be enjoyed with this champagne, that wasn't happening either because I was distracted. As my friend returned and sat down, she said "Does it smell funky in here." Thank goodness, she smells it too. Its not just my obnoxious sniffer. I opted that we move outside.

At this point, I let the bartender know why we were moving. I am of the thought that you should responsibly let the service team or management know when something really displeases you or distracts you from a moment. Restaurants, lounges and bars are in the business not of just food and wine, but of making memories. And a memory shouldn't stink.

So, I casually said something to the bartender know and we moved outside. And, although we disconnect ourselves with the odor, our service stayed connected. We enjoyed our glass of champagne and moved on and through our shopping extravaganza. 

I hope that our fellow SF Yelper didn't receive any funky odor and that it was a stale rarity. And for now, I'll give Christopher three stars.
