tCSlpwJQ4CZsUEMZeH2SFg I went there earlier this week expecting to be wowed. I was left feeling underwhelmed and a bit upset. Being a new transplant to the Charlotte area I've looked to groupon and yelp as a way to explore my new city and find new gems. Based on the reviews here I jumped at the chance when groupon offered a deal a few months back. Anyone who knows me knows that I'm a francophile...french food is my weakness. 

I chose 4:30 on a Wednesday so I could beat the dinner rush and just enjoy some quiet time by myself with my Kindle. I was the only table there so my waiter wasn't busy. He slammed the menu down and disappeared. No nice greeting, no specials, were given. Five minutes later he comes back and asks am I ready to order? I asked for wine recommendations...none were given, he instead gave me the wine list and left again. Cam back a few minutes later...I ordered my glass of wine, starter and main. Five minutes later he brought the soup and none of the oft praised bread was offered. Disappears, never checked on me. 

Half way thru my soup the entree was dropped off. Never checked on. Are you getting the picture? The place was empty, what was his excuse for such poor service? At this point I'm livid. The soup was meh but my entree of Chicken With Mushrooms crepe was pretty yummy. I knew I should have just called it quits but I'm a sucker for creme brulee. Big mistake. It was flavorless, thick and had this weird pasty taste and mouth feel. I thought that was the final insult but no...there's more. Not only did the waiter not look me in the eye and thank me for my visit...he reached from behind me and dropped the check over my shoulder. WOW! I was pissed...I debated asking for a manager but at this point I was just over it and said screw it. Why bother? Just never come back and leave it at that. I'm not sure why I was treated so poorly. I was an easy table, an easy 20% tip for the waiter even though he was a douche. I've worked in the service industry so I tip well even if the service is crappy. All I wanted was a nice afternoon out by myself.
