tCSlpwJQ4CZsUEMZeH2SFg Came here for dinner with a gifted groupon. Definitely make a reservation if you plan on coming on a Friday or Saturday night, as you may be waiting a while. Luckily, I preemptively took my own advice and came with reservations.

We ordered the duck confit and the chicken and mushroom crepe. While waiting, we were served a freshly baked loaf of bread, which was fantastically gooey on the inside. Good bread is hard to come by, an this one impressed me (5 stars!).

While waiting for the food, we had the chance to check out the ambiance. Two things stuck out in my mind: noise and clientele.  Most notable was the noisy buzz of music and talking. Whereas many movies may romanticize French restaurants as quiet establishments with perhaps a soft piano, Cafe Monte was buzzing with life jazzy music and rather loud conversations and unruly drunken laughter from a neighboring table. This made talking with my companion difficult to the point of leaving with a raspy throat. I would have preferred a more relaxing and quiet environment.

Secondly, we both noticed the rather stuffy clientele. Many (boarding of most) men were dressed in 3 piece business suits and ladies in fancy evening gowns. Don't get me wrong, there is nothing wrong with having a fancy night out, but there was an air of pretension that seemed out of place. Cafe Monte is a nice restaurant, but it ain't the Ritz. It made for some fun people watching, particularly when we added our own voice over, but overall contributed to making us feel under-dressed (despite wearing a nice button-down shirt and slacks). 

The food came out in generous portions, laded in butter and cream. The chicken and mushroom crepes were pretty good (4 stars), but the guilt of all that creamy sauce comes fast. I defy you to finish all of it. The duck confit was a little above (3.5 stars), but broccoli over-salted (coming from a lover of salt).

We both left with a feeling of 'meh': by no means bad, but not exactly memorable. We also agreed that a much needed run was needed the following day and that we didn't feel the need to return. I will say that I may have since had some impure thoughts regarding that bread of theirs.
