teTQU7TIPE0O_B1zN_239w I've always thought that Mimi's Cafe was for girls and for grandmas. But I'm glad I let my wife talk me into going here after getting out of a quinceanera mass, because one, we were starving, and two, the food and service were outstanding! Let me begin by saying, it is always nice when the service is so good that you almost don't have to ask for anything. Service wasn't overbearing, but it was nice to know that they appreciated your busines and wanted to make sure that you didn't go without anything.

It just so happened that it was our server's very first day on the job (no waiting experience whatsoever I might add) so we got to break in a newbie. He didn't take our order, because he was busy with another customer, but he told us he was busy and he'd come back, but one of his co-workers took our order instead. Nice save Mimi's, nice save. With our orders taken and drinks served, our over eager newbie thought I had water, and served my more water. However, I was drinking Sprite, not water! I told him so, and without hesitation, he brought me out a fresh Sprite. No apology necessary, as the problem was quickly fixed, but he did so anyway.

Moving on, the other server, not our newbie had messed up our son's order, as he ordered mini cheeseburgers and apple sauce off the kids menu and was brought a grilled cheese instead, and because of that, the general manager brought us out a 4-pak of their delicious muffins  for "our troubles and inconveniences" and apologized for the aforementioned troubles and inconveniences and for the newbie's first day, but we were quick to point out that it wasn't the newbie's fault and that he had fixed his mistakes promptly, but hid the muffins before they decided to take them back! LOL. Awesome! Never in my life have I had an establishment go above and beyond to rectify their "poor service" so quickly, but Mimi's, you guys raised the bar and I will never forget my first dining experience here!

Moving on to the food, I had the Cobb salad, asked for ranch instead of blue cheese dressing, and for the blue cheese on the side. That's exactly what I got, and you can't beat a simple salad with fresh ingredients like the salad I was given. Everything equally portioned, not one ingredient over powering the other. My daughter's grilled cheese was rather tasty for being a simple grilled cheese and I'd recommend the Mediterreanean chicken pasta that my wife had which was outstanding! I'd also recommend the honey bran muffin which was perfectly baked!
