teTQU7TIPE0O_B1zN_239w This recent visit (9/13/2014) was because I received a BOGO coupon through my email and thought it was a great deal. I visited this location awhile back when I lived nearby and thought might as well go again since I remember it being good.. wrong.

Sad to say it wasn't the same, it was far from it. First off at 8:30am on a Saturday morning it was rather empty, that should have been our first clue. Second, the hostess (older lady with glasses) was rather indifferent about us being there. She looked me up and down, then said " just two?", without so much as a Hi or welcome attached. That was the only glance we got our way while she wiped stains off the menus and made smacking sounds with her gum..oh and can't forget the awkward silence before she finally said to follow her. After she sat us down, my boyfriend commented to me about her not even looking as us. He was rather annoyed at the unfriendly greeting and it kind of ruined the start of our breakfast on a beautiful Saturday morning. 

Thankfully, what changed the mood for the better was our server, she was what you'd expect a hostess to be. She was friendly, conversational and made us finally feel welcome. For awhile she made us forget about the rude person in the front. 

So onto our food experience: Our food was alright, not amazing.. I'm not sure what changed with this place, but something is different. No complaints about the food, it was average and came out like we ordered. I've definitely had more memorable food.. hehe i'm a breakfast lover..

When we finished, we felt satisfied and happy with the service from our server.... but as we were leaving we passed the hostess again... and well she was filing her nails by the hostess stand near the menus and only looked up to say "thanks for coming" then looked back down without even stopping what she was doing.. That is grooosssss, but at least she looked at us this time..

I really hope the managers actually read these reviews, because if they cared about customer service and hospitality they would make changes. This experience makes me not want to come back, the BOGO was not worth it. Can you imagine how far her fingernail shavings flew around inside?

By the way... I recommend Sunny's Diner in Tempe. 10x better than this place and half the price.
