Ti4NZ-c4iOUtQbp_n__E-w My list of positive points on this restaurant...
1. its a bring your own wine 
2. ...... (crickets).....(more crickets..) 
List of positive is complete...but the review is not. 

We went in a group of about 12 people for a birthday dinner, the service staff was first of all unprofessional, not friendly ... when I got there I waited about 20-30 minutes for someone to come open my bottle of wine.. so if you would like to enjoy this feature and the only positive experience of this place..bring your own opener, you will personally send me a thank you letter if you do this.  I asked the server or busboy who brought water if he can open it, he said the waiter had to do it, which he was no where to be found. When he finally came to the table it was to take the order, he refused to open the bottle till the orders were taken, so I refused to give my order till the bottle was open.. I won that game. 

To start I ordered a caesar salad, the portion was way too big for an entree, they should lower the price and portion size on this by half. My main course i ordered tortellini rose , which as you can see in my pictures had a nice surprise of linguini pieces. My favourite part of this service, my mother who was sitting in front of me ordered the chicken plate, she was brought a plate with "meat" covered in a sauce with fettucini on the side, when she took a bite she said "oh i don't think this is chicken" so she took another bite to be sure ,right after this the waiter came and said to her that he brought the wrong plate , that the plate she had was veal. Now i know were all thinking whats the big deal just bring it back to the kitchen and replace it, especially given that she told him she had taken a bite - but instead I watched the waiter bring this plate , and serve it to the person it belonged to.. enough said. 

In general the food was eatable, given that it might have been someones left overs. 
i tried the brownie cheese cake for desert to satisfy my sweet tooth, it was ok. 

I hate giving bad reviews because I genuinely have a passion for amazing , flavourful food, but this was 100% not that.
