TI8BCPSStuOgnqBHyTtG9Q Great hotel if visiting Edinburgh (pronounced EdinBOROUGH).

Breakfast offered a nice assortment of foods including smoked trout that I loved, but preparation of "special orders" left a lot to be desired.  Notably, all eggs (sunny side up and over easy) and egg dishes (like my omelets) were cooked in about  1/2 inch of oil.  When I asked the breakfast chef about this, he advised that this is the local cooking manner.  YEECCCHHHH!

Customer service was pleasant and excellent.  The hotel is located a short walk from the major shopping area.  Bus transportation is a bit confusing to those not familiar with it, but the local people are WARM, FRIENDLY and very helpful.

The room had one of the strangest and most complicated lighting systems I have ever seen ANYWHERE.  It is SO complex, in fact, that the hotel provides a brochure in an attempt to explain it.  A BROCHURE to explain room lights???  [I am a well educated person with very good reading comprehension - that said, I still had trouble understanding the brochure!]  While the system features a VERY USEFUL red nightlight built into the toilet facility, it is also wired to two all-too-bright red nightlights built into the night stands.  These two lights cannot be turned off without turning off the one in the toilet.  The room is bathed in eerie red light all night if you leave this part of the system on.

BTW, our room had a spectacular view of the Edinburgh castle that overlooks the city.  The room was very comfortable; the bathroom was fancy with a small, separate, cubicle for the toilet.  Sadly, there is a glass door that serves double duty in that it closes off the entire bathroom from the hallway OR it closes off the toilet alone.  This set up is sometimes inconvenient and puts the door in awkward positions.

The hotel is in a fairly good location, especially if you will be attending either Usher Hall or the Traverse Theater, both of which are directly across the street.  I would imagine that you would take a taxi to the Tattoo, which is offered alongside the castle at the top of the hill.
