Tl2nqtPXlLbAG3qkUYVM2g Fiance's family took us to Vincent for NYE's dinner.

The joint is very adobe-like, and staff is very friendly. It looks like most of the crowd are neighborhood locals who know someone on staff or have been regulars for years. The general clientele is older in age, or at least it was when we went.

I loved the concise menu. They offered a prie fixe but we just ordered off the main menu. I had the lobster with basil pasta, arugula salad (burrata, pineapple, strawberries), and a glass of chardonnay for my main meal. The lobster is a whole lobster, served in shell with the lobster split down the middle with the basil pasta in the middle with some steamed vegetables (asparagus, green beans, cauliflower, broccoli). The lobster and vegetables were cooked and seasoned well. The basil pasta had a nice al dente bite and was very fragrant from the basil, but was very underseasoned. The sauce left from the lobster couldnt save the pasta even when i tried to mix it together. The best way to eat this dish is to take the complimentary toasted bread and soak it in the sauce. Ugh I just wanted a hugeeeeeeee bowl of that sauce.

The arugula salad was balanced well; the sweetness and acidity from the fruit accompanying the salad balanced the earthiness and bitterness of the arugula. 

I also got to try my fiance's salmon, which was okay. The oysters that accompanied the salmon were definitely the best part of that dish. His lobster bisque was also very flavorful (another amazing bread dipper).

Speaking of bread, the croissants here are soooo buttery and difficult to stop eating. At first, we were trying not to eat anything so that we could eat our food, but service was extremely slow (although friendly). We were seated at 8 and stayed at the restaurant until 10:30. The croissants were our saving grace until the food got to the table.

Another saving grace for Vincent is their dessert selection. Their pear tart is an absolute must. I generally don't enjoy fruit based desserts, but their pear tart has a perfect flaky crust, sweet pears, and a hint of sweet cream.

Quite pricey, especially if you get wine. Not sure of the entrees are worth the price but the desserts are.

tl;dr Service was friendly but slow. Food can be awesome or underseasoned, depending what you get. Complimentary croissants and desserts are highlights for this restaurant.
