Tl2nqtPXlLbAG3qkUYVM2g We were looking for a romantic place for our anniversary. I would not say this is the most romantic place but it was very nice. Tables were fairly close together and the music could hardly be heard. I think it has maybe been around to long and attention to details has been lost as interest does over time. Services was just ok. I think the rolling noisy cart they use for food delivery is not very classy. I always appreciated when all the waiters and waitresses come together to deliver food hands on to the table. Our waitress was only so-so as every time I asked her about something with the menu she could not answer. I had to ask her twice about preparation method for one dish and I was still not clear. The bread was good but a signature butter is needed. Butter cubes is a little passe especially if you are trying to be up scale. Started with the Lobster Bisque. It was good but basic. Missing the satiating part as the Lobster broth totally overtook the dish. I prefer a dollop of butter or sour cream in the center with a splash of sherry for sweet and savory. I did take the butter cubes and cut into small pieces and dropped in soup. Once melted scooped up and Voila! that was enough to put it over the top. Now I know each chef preparation can be different and purposeful in their own way but there was not even the smallest piece of lobster meat. A big miss as far as I'm concerned. So I ordered for my main entree the Macadamia nut crusted scallops. This dish was quite delicious only it was served a little cold and the coating was a little on the mushy side but the macadamia nuts tasted fresh and crunchy. It was with a buerre butter sauce only there really was none to be seen. When using  french word in a dish always make sure it matches the concept of french cooking. The french like a lot of sauce. My wife had the rack of lamb which she found very tasty but she ordered medium rare but it came a lot more on the rare side. More of a European Medium rare which to Americans is much more to the rare side. A good waitress would have known and explained this at the time of order that it tends to be more rare. She did however enjoy the dish. We finished the meal with a cappuccino and desert. I am having a hard time recalling the desert. All in all it was an enjoyable dinner but we will not likely return as there was nothing that we would say was a stand out to entice us to come back.
