U1ZpRirMDXF_4_MCFAcmvg Excellent food. Intimate little place.

The plan was to eat at the new raved about Kazu in Montreal, but when i got there at 9pm, there was no more seating. Back in a cab we went to try out La Poisson Rouge and it did not disappoint in any way.

First off, it's worth mentioning that they have a pre fix dinner at $37. Well well worth it, but majoirty of the items are add ons.

4 of us went, and we tried alot.
For starts, it was escargot (plain and simple in garlic butter but excellent), foi gras (with pineapples and rasberries emulsion and the star of the evening), mussels (good quality and good coconut wine sauce). The only think disappointing was the crab roulette (kind of bland, but served well).

You have the choice of soup or salad in between. The spiced yellow pepper soup reminded me of my mum, and the salad's presentation was amazing. Served in bushell format, held together with carrot.

For dinner, it was duck confit leg in apricot sauce (bone licking excellent), asian style sashimi grade tuna steak (amazing but not a 'new' dish, i've had similar before), lamb (which they are famous for, despite being a fish place, and for good reason) and finally a thai baramundy (least favourite though the white fish itself absorbs butter well and i feel i will cook with it in the future).

Desserts come with good quality coffee - desserts are either a warm baked chocolate souffle, or an orange cream and strawberries. I liked both tremendously.

All in all, the quality of food, excellent service and cooking with love was unexpected, but this place came recommended by foodies. It was extremely enjoyable, despite the restaurant being of the beaten track. Everything is french though i must warn you, includig the menu. And for the total of the bill, this place was well well worth it.

Oh and the best part is this place is a BYOB. And there's a dep (corner store) right next door. and to make it even more perfect, the dep next door does not charge premiums on their wine, so the prices are the same as the SAQ. It was a perfect night.
