udFcIcbWbxrO8uLF95WnQg Wow ... So my wife and I go into the city about 4-5 times a year to get a nice dinner(maybe, if your a snob, you will find that my tastes are not as pretentious as most) But this place is trash and will not even be open long judging from the amount of empty tables that were all around us.  

If you read nothing more from this point, my advice is choose ANYTHING ELSE if you are from out of town. Seriously McDonalds is a better alternative.

Btw, in addition to this place being most likely the worst meal I have ever eaten, it was also the most expensive meal I have purchased since I was on vacation in Hawaii.

So we go there after a play and order the "crispy pork stack". The one star I give to this place is the presentation of the appetizers, which was very deceiving because the rest of the evening was down hill from this point. It was pork 'something' stacked on risotto, stacked on collard greens (which by the way was needlessly plopped on every dish without soup in the title). My wife and I were very hungry when we ate it and sadly ate it. So the mystery meat that was the crispy pork, is something that was so gross that I had to go far back in my childhood to relate it to anything I have ever eaten. All I could relate to the scorched meat was it tasted like the shredded beef jerky that they sold in snuff tins at gas stations to mimic chewing tobacco for kids.

The soups were atrocious also. They wreaked of having no flavor, and the preparation method felt as if they put all the ingredients in a food processor, turned it on, and walked away for 30 minutes.


Main courses were giant pork shank, which seemingly must have been prepared by the soup guy, must've been dropped in the deep fryer for 30 minutes because it was inedible. Collard greens included.


My wife ordered the lamb shoulder, which I didn't even offer to taste, was baked until it was grey. Collard greens included.

Everything had been burned so bad at this point that we begged for our check for 10 minutes so that we could find salvation in leaving the restaurant. 

We were so disappointed and will seriously evaluate any decision of eating out at the expense of $50+ a plate. This place was the antithesis of a perfect ending of catching a dinner and a show at Cleveland Playhouse Square.
