udFcIcbWbxrO8uLF95WnQg i am NOT a fan of zach bruell's restaurants. have had bad experiences, in the past with parallax, chinato, etc. poor service or mediocre food. well, cowell & hubbard is his best venture yet........it's very good, very cool vibe/atmosphere, attentive & friendly service.........
the highlights for all 4 of us were the appetizers and desserts. we all enjoyed a couple of rounds of cocktails from the list of specialty drinks on the back of the menu.
menus is VERY large, lots of choices, but we managed to narrow it down. i can't remember everything everybody had, but i'll try.....
i had the escargot.......INCREDIBLY DELICIOUS!!!!!!!! i could have had 3 portions dumped in 1 bowl with a ton of bread to sop up the creamy, buttery broth/sauce.
my guests also had a crab cake, it had thai overtones, the bacon & eggs (an egg "souffle" strata type thing with a couple of chunks of pork belly.
for my salad course i enjoyed the radicchio salad with maracona almonds and bleu cheese with a tarragon vinaigrette.........i detected no tarragon, but balsamic vinegar only....but it was still good. on guest had the frisee with fried chicken livers and it too was quite good.......for my entree i had the sweetbread.........it was good but i didn't notice if the menu stated that they were fried or not.......had i known that they were fried i would have opted for something else. the greasy flavor of the sweetbreads overwhelmed me........you could have put fried beef strips on the plate and i wouldn't have been able to tell the difference.........and i love sweetbreads, but this was not something i would order again. plus, there were artichoke petals throughout the dish that were tough and woody........the moroccan olives were a bit overpowering. it all was just OK, not great........the paris brest dessert was good, chewy, but tasty. the dessert highlight was the meringues filled with salted caramel ice cream. FINALLY a SALTED caramel dessert where i could actually TASTE the salt!
overall a good place with lots of "old school" style entrees, appetizers and desserts that hark back to menus of yesterday.........
i liked it enough to book a reservation for an upcoming special occasion. 
 
if they could get the pretentious servers at parallax to behave in a respectful & friendly manner as all the staff at cowell & hubbard does, i would consider going back.......but until then, C & H is the only bruell restaurant i'd return to.
