-4TMQnQJW1yd6NqGRDvAeA After hitting up The Mission (and loving it) and being told about this sister restaurant, we decided to check it out on our last night in Scottsdale. It was delicious, the service was excellent and I definitely recommend it although I do like The Mission better.

The star dish of the night was the halibut. Amazing. Hubby ordered it and I was kicking myself for not getting it too. It had the perfect balance of textures and flavors. The halibut was cooked perfectly with a nice crispy sear on the outside. Underneath was a blend of all sorts of things - clams, beans, greens, and the plate was drizzled with balsamic syrup (or something similar) and topped with fried capers. All the flavors really worked together - little bit of sweet, salty, briny, vinegary. It was the best dish we ordered. The duck confit meatballs with fois gras I ordered were good but the fois gras flavor got lost in the sweet and sour sauce. And I wish there was more white bean purée underneath because it was so delicious. I also got the date and arugula salad with Gorgonzola. It was ok, but nothing special. The duck confit buns were delicious and spicy. Too spicy for my 5 year old and I wish our server had told us that there would be a spicy sauce on it otherwise we wouldn't have ordered it for him. He couldn't finish them, so hubby and I did. Our server made up for it by comping us a dessert which was very thoughtful. We ordered our son a side of krinkle fries which were excellent. We also ordered the homemade sweet butter and bread. The butter was divine, it just melted in your mouth and tasted so good spread on the variety of breads offered. My favorite bread was the olive and walnut. Hubby also ordered a side of potatoes with melted Brie and pesto. He loved it, I thought it was just ok. Not my flavor profile and the potatoes were soft, not crisp.

Desserts were just ok. There were only 3 to choose from: chocolate bandino with homemade marshmallow and salted peanuts, buttermilk blueberry crumb cake, and an apple almond cake with pistachio ice cream. We ended up ordering 2 chocolate bandino's, and 1 apple almond cake. The chocolate bandino (basically a thick chocolate pudding) was way too sweet. And the marshmallow put the sweetness over the top. I needed a salted peanut in every bite to balance how sweet it was but you only got maybe 5 peanuts. My son didn't like it at all (and it's chocolate!). The apple almond cake was on the house (prob because of the duck confit buns that were too spicy for my son) and I thought it was just ok as well. There was just nothing special about it that stood out. I thought it was overly sweet as well. The desserts we ordered had no balance of flavors. Everything was just sweet, sweet and more sweet. I should have ordered the buttermilk blueberry crumb cake! Maybe that would have been more promising.

There were many other items on the menu that I wanted to try. I definitely recommend this place. The quality of ingredients were superb and there were a variety of items on the menu to order. Our server was excellent overall. He chatted with us, was very attentive and gave us his recommendations. 

If you are ever in Scottsdale, check out The Mission first, then come here for a more upscale french influenced meal.
