ufwkkMd9yr9cFU1R5ONArg My husband took me here for lunch during the Labour Day long weekend and, let me tell you, this is one of the best restaurants we've been to in a very long time.  We were pleasantly surprised as to quality of the food and the pride the chef took in making it.

It's relatively easy to locate if you're a local but if you're travelling in, it's located on the north side of Lake Shore, just east of Sixth Street.  If you can't find street parking, there's a large parking lot on Sixth (north).  It's a relatively small restaurant, which I recall it having about eight tables and four barstools that faced the street.

The bloody ceasar was like no other ceasar I've ever tried - lots of horseradish, spice, bacon on top and they didn't go cheap with the vodka.  I'm no taco connoisseur but the fish tacos were dynamite - the fish was light, crispy but not oily and I loved the cabbage and carrot slaw as the carrot added a little natural sweetness, which really brought everything together.  My husband had the Eggs Benedict and he loved it.  Judging from the colour of the egg yolk, we just knew they used the best quality eggs. I must say that I'm a bit confused as to the reviews that mentioned the food lacking flavour.  The three people at the table beside us were going on and on about how delicious the food was and I kept hearing the older gentleman saying how it was the best ceasar he ever drank in his life!

Nobody has mentioned this yet but I really digged the French bistro-type music they played in the background. Service was exceptional - waitress was friendly and attentive, food arrived fairly prompt and hot and the owner made sure to thank everyone when they were leaving.  We will definitely be going back (hopefully next weekend).

My only complaint would be that I wished they either used tablecloths or had tables with a not so "slippery" finish. Due to the condensation from the drinks, it caused the plates and glasses to shift around a lot during our meal; however, we just laid napkins down and it was fine.  Overall - five stars!
