uP3H5bcsiTXM0k0xQhRndg I was visiting Montreal this past weekend. It was our first time there and we were looking for a dinner spot and saw this place on yelp. I was reading through the reviews and almost every single review was 5 stars. How can it be? 5 Stars on every review? Because it really is that good.

This is place is pretty small but there are a few tables upstairs to eat as well. We walked in around 7:30 on a Saturday night and were able to be seated right away. We did not have reservations. When you first walk into this place you will think to your self " this place doesn't look at that great" but, looks can be deceiving my friend. Its not dirty or anything the place just looks like an average restaurant. 

We sat up stairs and we had the most wonderful waitress, I wish I could remember her name. She explained to us how the restaurant was family owned and run and she got the job because she was a family friend. She also explained how all the ingredients and food they use come from local places! It was like getting a little history lesson on the restaurant before dinner which I thought was a very nice touch. 

Our waitress was also able to recommend some beers that we make like. I went with the amber and thought it was perfect. Partner went with the blonde, and he enjoyed it as well. I cant remember the names!  

The menu is extremely limited with only 3 entrees. I had the Beef belly and my partner had the pasta dish(Black Truffle Rigatoni ). I just want to say, I think this is the best meal I have ever eaten. The beef belly was served with celery root puree and an apricot puree but you didn't even need it. The meat was so flavorful and tender. You can literally cut it with a spoon if you wanted to. The sever told us it actually takes a few days to make this. The pasta dish was also amazing! It was cheesy and creamy and the maple smoked meat made a great addition. I am really not a pasta guy but I really enjoyed this dish. Also each dish is served with a slice of home made bread which is also amazing. The beef dish was served with regular French bread and the pasta dish was served with a walnut bread.

The whole weekend we rant and raved to each other on how good the food was here. Every restaurant we went to over the next few days we tried to compare to this place and it's was almost like nothing could measure up. I will be back to this place for sure during my summer trip to Montreal! I would defiantly recommend this place to anybody!
