4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw Full disclosure: I used to work at Harrah's Entertainment, which owns Paris Las Vegas.

I wish I liked this restaurant more than I actually do.  

Mon Ami used to be my go-to for a good solid dining experience at a reasonable price on the Strip.  I'd get seats outside on the patio, and on a nice LV night, you have a fantastic experience, watching the degenerate LV tourists and having a front row seat to the Bellagio water show.  I have probably been there about half a dozen times.

The service is generally very friendly and competent.  The food, in the past, has been quite good.  Prices are mid-level for Las Vegas.  The restaurant is very dark, depending on where you sit, and so it's really difficult to comment on the decor.  

However, the last time I ate there (September 2008), the food was cold and took forever.  I had put my name in but waited far longer than expected.  I don't mind dealing with the latter, but the former really made me an unhappy camper, particularly because it's always been so good in the past.  Another disappointment was that the ginger ale that used to be served was very authentic ginger ale, and very tasty.  Unfortunately, that's changed over to cheap Canada Dry-style ginger ale.  

An annoying feature - you cannot make reservations in advance.  You basically have to show up and put your name in, then wait around forever.  This of course, delights Harrah's Entertainment, owners of Paris (though the casino does not own Mon Ami Gabi, unlike some of the other eateries on the property).  

Based on my last experience, I find myself very hesitant to recommend this restaurant to friends, so I sadly can't very well recommend it on Yelp, can I?  You'll probably do better if the restaurant isn't slammed (we were there on a Saturday night, peak dinner rush this last time).  At least, I hope so.

The restaurant is right off the Strip, so expect a nice long walk from the garage.  It can be noisy, and I generally wouldn't characterize it as being a romantic restaurant in a traditional sense (quiet, intimate), but it might be enjoyable if it returns to its roots.
