uP3H5bcsiTXM0k0xQhRndg I came here around the end of August for dinner, and I've been putting off writing this review because I've had some mixed feelings about Le Robin Square.

=Location & Ambience
Located in Old Town, it's close to many of the major tourist attractions in Montreal. The vibe inside is intimately kooky. There's a TV screen displaying a crackling fireplace, woven chandeliers, and funky zebra print wallpaper.

=Food
My sister and I ordered the truffle mac and cheese and the pork belly to share. Unfortunately, both dishes left much to be desired.

The macaroni itself was cooked a bit firmer than to my likening, but the ham was tender, and I appreciated that the dish had a strong truffle flavor, as advertised. Somehow, though, the mac & cheese was too sweet.

The same could be said for the pork belly dish. While the celery root puree hit the spot, the pear & apricot jam, and maple syrup concoctions were also too sweet. The homemade bread made fresh by the chef's mother was rustic and yummy, but it felt like a random addition to the plate.

I get the whole concept of savory & sweet, but the sweetness was overpowering. There doesn't need to be 2 dishes that play the "savory & sweet" game on the menu. Coming from a place of respect, I truly believe the chef can be more creative than that, especially if the menu items come at a hefty price.

Perhaps Le Robin Square had just temporarily lost sight of its true strengths. I took a peek at their past menu offerings, and the guinea fowl and smoked salmon dishes seemed to be a better representation of cuisine that's quintessentially Quebecois. Food worth flying thousands of miles for!

=Service
Service was great in that everyone seemed to truly enjoy working there. It's a family affair in there, and they treat you like welcomed guests.

=Other Notes
They don't take reservations, and you can't put your name down. You just wait in line, first come first serve.

Overall, the food fell a bit short of our expectations but the service made up for it...a little.
However, I feel Le Robin Square has a lot of potential and if they're able to further refine their dishes and overall menu offering, they will be exponentially successful.

3.75
