uP3H5bcsiTXM0k0xQhRndg I've heard of this place half a year ago and keep recommending it to all friends and family visiting Montreal without having trying it (I know, its a big no no ...) but I've never sen a restaurant with a 5 star rating despite having 200+ reviews. I finally got to try it two weeks ago and it did not disappoint. 

We got to the restaurant very early (1h before opening) just to ensure we would make the first serving and the line only really started forming 20 minutes before opening. However, it was raining that day and that might have changed the length of the line. We were seated next to the wall and a waitress came and explained how the whole business was family owned, the dad and the mom were working in the kitchen while their three daughters were working the dining room!! Furthermore, most of the ingredients are locally sourced and everything is homemade!!

Service was not the fastest (took roughly 20 mins to get our food) but OMG the food was so impressive. We got the Montreal experience and the Mac and Cheese as well as a pudding chomeur and came out both stuffed from our meal. The Montreal experience was a large slab of pork belly, roughly the size of an iPhone 5s. The meat as well as the fat was melt in your mouth, like literally you would put it in your mouth and can feel like just melt. The skin was very crispy and puffed, it had the texture of a thin cheese puff. The pork belly itself was quite heavy but the apply sauce that came with it greatly helped to cut the fat. The parsnip puree also made a nice and lighter alternative to a potato puree. Needless to say, we ate the whole plate very very clean. 

The mac and cheese was a cream based mac and cheese, definitely less cheesy than a typical mac and cheese. The pasta was amazing, with a good amount of chew. The sauce not overly rich and the best pat was hands down the maple glazed ham (real ham! and not the ham you put in a sandwich) was nicely chewy with a hint of sweetness. Mixed with the Mac and cheese it was heavenly.

Overall for the price paid, it was definitely on of the best meals we've had in Montreal!
