uPa5hrWmHm0n1l4MSyVMGQ I have yet to actually try the well known Alo restaurant ( I really should start using my gift certificate soon lol), but since I was downtown for an appointment and one of my friends raved about this restaurant, I decided to try it for lunch with two other friends (one who's been there before once), and another friend who is also trying this place out for the first time.

My friend told me that the last few days he walked by there wasn't much wait time.. so of course the actual day where we ended up going, there was a bit of a wait lol. Which was not too bad, about 20 mins, right at 12:30pm lunch rush. So we left them our contact and off we went to do some walking and shopping and they texted us when the table was ready. This restaurant does not do any reservations - walk-ins only.

This restaurant replaced the old nail salon that used to be under the Alo restaurant, so I think it's a clever move on their part to convert the bottom level to a fining dining with a bit of a bar/rustic look and with price points that are more affordable than the Alo. Of course, for the average person grabbing lunch, this is certainly not the cheapest meal, but definitely one of the best :)

We ended up ordering 1 appetizer, 3 entrees and a dessert. So let me break down each dish for you:
First off... their complimentary bread with the burnt butter... holy jeez it was amazing and to die for! I'm still thinking about it as I'm writing it... I almost wanted to ask for more!

beef tartare - portion was quite good for its price, the beef is minced but not too grounded up - perfect to spread on the lettuce wraps that it comes with for a bit of crunch. delicious! the beef was very well seasoned and I loved the crunch from the lettuce. Each of us were able to have about 2-3 pieces of this assembly.

cornish hen - portions again, quite substantial. It doesn't really come with much sides, aside from a mix of olives and peppers at the bottom. I normally don't eat olives, but this... this I will devour :) the garnishes complements the hen very well, and definitely one of the most soft and moist chicken I've had in a while!

Salmon - portions were good and the salmon was moist but firm as well - perfect texture, and not overcooked. The garnishes and sauce that came with it was quite nice! I liked the crunch from the microgreens and the sauce was delicious!

Macaroni and cheese - this... wow. it's super filling - the portion isn't very large, but it's definitely very rich. I liked how it's baked on a cast iron mini skillet so there's a bit of a crust on the pasta as well. it comes with a spicy tomato/ketchup sauce and I'm pleasantly surprised at how well they go together and the heat is just a notch, perfect for the taste without overpowering the mac and cheese itself.
 
Aloette fries - for those who like poutine... you will definitely like their take on the fries. Sausage gravy and cheese - it was amazing. The amount you get is quite good for its price (i'ts a side that we ordered separately because the add on fries with the beef tartar doesn't have the fixings), and we were already pretty stuffed after eating these four dishes that we actually had some trouble finishing!

Since we were so full... we decided to share a pc of lemon meringue pie. It was amazing! If i had more time i woudl've gotten coffee to enjoy with it. the lemon tartness is quite present, and balancing out the sweetness of the pie itself. The top is torched marshmellows... quite a delightful pairing and between the 3 of us, the pie is quite sizeable, and we coudln't finish because we were THAT full. 

On top of that, they changed our dishes and cutlery between courses. Service is definitely wonderful.

Their menu selection is not very large.. so every item we ordered off the menu was spot on perfect, which is expected of a restaurant when they cater only to a handful of dishes. But I will say this: Price point - yes it's about 35 per person plus tip... but definitely an amazing meal and I was quite satisfied :) Order anything on their menu and I don't think you will be disappointed. I would definitely recommend trying if you haven't already!
