UpEVdq_euH-5mqCIgUAd2Q Such positive experiences every time I've been here! Convenient location near the St. Lawrence Market and yummy food at pretty good value :) The venue is pretty spacious (I've personally never seen it at max capacity and always been able to come w/o a reservation, but there are always customers) and really charming and romantic... Great for date night or a more formal meet up with friends or family. I've been here for lunch before as well as twice for Winterlicious ('16 and '17) and I genuinely love the French-inspired dishes here! The presentation is thoughtful and the flavors are warm and welcoming, like the staff and interior :) Note: The -licious selections tend to be significantly smaller than regular menu equivalents, which tend to be pretty big unlike usual French portion sizes. 

However, this year for Winterlicious '17 lunch I was a bit disappointed with the food quantity and presentations. I ordered the lentil salad to start, which was actually a bit sad since it was quite small and quite bland. My partner ordered the soup of the day, which was a vegetarian chickpea soup, which was pretty big and very delicious. Meals come with complimentary bread (ask for EVOO+BV!). For my main I ordered the salmon pave, which again was smaller and more barren-looking than I expected from Le Papillon, but I chose the soup of the day as accompaniment and that was delicious. My partner ordered the vegetarian crepe, which we both recommend since it was HUGE!! Although, I peeked inside the crepe and was surprised by how little filling there actually was. The desserts were great though! My partner ordered the NY style cheesecake, which can never go wrong, and I ordered the "cherries jubilee served over French vanilla ice cream", which consisted of a small, but delicious scoop of ice cream topped with canned/marinated (?) cherries.

Overall, great restaurant, but coming here for -licious dinner or regular menu options will probably get you the best experience.
