USleI8g1UVN9-9jm-b4uIg Wow.  What a disappointment.  This used to be my and my wife's favorite in town.  We have had 2 not just bad but extremely terrible experiences in a row and will never go back.  It would take me a long time to describe the details of everything so I'll just provide the hi(low)lights.   

The next to last time we went we were there for a celebration.  It was horrible and I'll leave it at that.  I'll focus on the last time we went.  

For dinner I went with my wife, sister in law and mother in law for Mother's Day.  It wasn't overly crowded so there is no excuse for what was to come.  My wife ordered a very nice bottle of wine which when poured out hand a very strange amber color to it.  We are not wine snobs but knew there was something wrong.  And it was wrong.  The wine tasted terrible.  It was like we were drinking a cheap sherry.  The waitress said it looked normal. 

I will say that the appetizers were very good.  Cheese/charcuterie plate and scallops were very good.  When it got to the entrees things went significantly downhill.  I ordered the filet and it tasted like the chef put zero seasoning on it.  It was cooked properly but tasted like a frozen steak with no seasoning from a bad grocery store.  My sister in laws pasta (she's a vegetarian) was practically inedible.  Not sure how you screw that up.  My mother in law got the fish special and the result was sour vegetables and a dried out tasteless fish.  My wife's experience was the worst. She ordered sea bass with lobster.  When it came out the lobster was cold. When she asked them to redo it the waitress took it back to the kitchen and came back 7-10 minutes later.  My guess is that they threw it in the microwave or under the heat lamp.  The sea bass and vegetables were now dry and shrunken.  She ate none of it.  When the waitress came to take our plates she made no mention of the fact that the 4 of us hardly ate anything. 


Really disappointing because while charlotte has very few go to restaurants that are reliable I thought this was one of them.  Will never, ever return.
