USleI8g1UVN9-9jm-b4uIg I love it here! I've always had a superior experience, outstanding service, and incredible food. 

The Fig Tree really is a gem to find!!! It's sometimes hard for me to find really good vegetarian food, so I almost skipped coming here altogether.  I decided to try something new. The chef is amazing!!  They have made 3 amazing pasta dishes that have really better than any Italian restaurant I've been to in clt.  Completely off the menu. They aim to please!! I love it!!


Sam is definitely someone to request! Incredible waitress!! She remembered everything from my first order! She continues to impress me with each visit remembering minor, but important details. 

This last time the bread and butter were fantastic!! It has rosemary and herbs on top. It comes with a garlic Schmeer. The Schmeer was not something I liked. You can ask for butter. It comes in a creamed swirl. Excellent taste!  

Beat carpaccio - excellent! I thought it could use a little less pesto and if it was a little thicker beat there would be more flavor. I requested no goat cheese. 

Potato & Pepper Soup - Incredible, with just the right amount of heat! 

Cesar - the Romane and balsamic vinegar dressing - by request. So good!!

House salad - my friend enjoyed it! She loves there handmade croutons. 

Pasta - I'm a vegetarian and requested something similar to an Alfredo sauce. This was OMG Good!!! It was made off-the-cuff. This is an incredible chef!!  I will definitely be back. 

The last time I came the chef made a Pene a la vodka with the house made noodle, Pappardelle. This was outstanding! This is by far the best Italian pasta I've had in Charlotte! 

Lobster risotto salmon - is definitely something to get when you visit. My friend got this and absolutely loved it!!!

Speckled trout - On Special -  My friend loved it. It was thick and perfect to the taste! It's her new favorite.  

Bass -  On Special - Wasn't her favorite, probably wouldn't order it again. 

Halibut on special w/ tomatoes, mushroom risotto - a close call to the stripped Bass that's my friends all time favorite - so really good! 

Beignet for desert were incredible and the gelato, I switched the coffee gelato another. Best gelato / ice cream in Charlotte!!
