USleI8g1UVN9-9jm-b4uIg I'm using my wife's Yelp account to write this review as we had an extremely disappointing experience at the Fig Tree. My wife and I recently purchase a new house, we came to Charlotte for an overnight trip for furniture shopping from the Research Triangle, and to explore the Charlotte culinary world. 

For my main course, I selected the filet mignon. The arrangement of sauteed spinach, three boiled halves of fingerling potatoes, and a drizzle of a supposed demiglace accompanied a sizable filet saturated with a confused broil of mushroom duxelles and blue cheese. While cooked to an acceptable medium-rare, the protein was grossly underseasoned to the point that the intense saltiness of the mushrooms and duxelle could only elevate this to the point of mutedness. In the end, if a dish a simple as filet mignon was so poorly executed.

Throughout my initial few bites, I had debated on whether to reveal my displeasure to my wife. Looking at her lavishly stacked veal chop, I decided to not ruin the moment with her pure eye candy of a dish with my pedantic complaints. "I can't eat this anymore," I then heard. My partner similarly complained of the lack of seasoning of her dish, further noting her inability to cut the meat and its utmost chewiness. After trying myself, I agreed on almost every account: the veal lacked any form of salt, and the constant encounters with the sinew that laced the meat made even the least desired cuts of beef or pork seem luxurious. However, what was of more concern was that as we hacked our way through the cut, the meat near the bone of the chop become both increasingly raw and bloody to the point of inedibility.

What bothered us the most was, in fact, the SERVICE! There were some rather dubious interactions that occurred throughout our meal that not only devastated my partner, but actually ended up bothering me to a degree.

Initially, we had not noticed any major flaws with the waiter until he started serving other tables. Notably, when the waiter served us bread, he did not explain anything about the bread or the butter to us. It was until he served another table next to us that we heard that the butter was actually garlic, rosemary and something else (couldn't hear clearly). When he took the order from my wife, who is a foreigner, he sounded annoyed when he needed to repeat the three types of salad. After the meal, we informed our waiter after a longer period of inattentiveness, and he offered little remorse. Pointing out the blandness and chunks of raw, bloody meat, he simply said "you know, this is how the meat gets when it's close to the bone", walked away, and proceeded to hand us dessert menus as if our complaint of the unacceptability of the dish simply was as likely as discarded and forgotten as those uncooked remnants of that poor calf. Of course, I am aware of the difficulty of cooking meat near the bone. However, I feel like this shouldn't be something I'd expect from a seasoned professional of a fine dining establishment.

Being confused at the substandard attitude of the service and experience with the food prior, we decided to skip the ever-so-famed beignets. After awaiting our waiter to return to our table after clearing away the tables of and striking conversation with our neighboring diners, we decline any dessert options, he simply walked away and returned with our checks. When our neighboring tables also declined dessert afterwards, even with one individual rudely responding to the waiter's remarks, the waiter made light of the situation by including some humorous aspect of the respective decline. Yet only to add insult to injury, not only was the full price of the complained veal still present, but my partner's supposedly included salad was added as an additional cost.

I'm not necessarily sure for what reason our waiter decided to don his bigotry pants and belittling shirt when serving our table. Whether it was the fact of asking questions about the contents of certain dishes, the fact that my partner was not holding a designer handbag like the other ladies from our neighboring tables, the fact that we actually complained about our meals, or even the fact that my partner is Chinese and somehow had problem understanding the waiter when he took her order. In any case, the cold attitude of the waiter and the lack of any culinary integrity of the meal left my wife in tears by the end of the meal. One never dreams of seeing their partner in such disarray, and her visceral distaste of her experience instantly shredded any form of complacency I may have previously held with my experience.

Needless to say, we've come to the conclusion that we'd just rather not just not dine in Charlotte at all than try to give this restaurant another chance. If that means that one more person has the opportunity to frivolously waste their money on the pseudo-promise of a world class meal, then I will rest slightly easier at night.
