uTCOEqjuVAXUOzti5TWj2Q I met my AOB buddy S here. I haven't been to the Biltmore in a few years so I figured what the heck.
When we walked in we were greeted by Conner. He told us we could sit anywhere we liked. S and I found a good spot and Conner followed us to get our drink order. He mentioned that you normally order at the counter but I guess since the dining room was not very busy he offered us table service. Let me start off by saying Conner was awesome. He was genuine, polite, and made appropriate small talk when necessary. He talked with us for a moment about the menu and then went to fetch our Iced Teas ($2.95ea).
The dining space is small but they manage to have quite a few tables, both 2 & 4 tops available. Straight back you'll find the self-serve drink bar. When you need a refill of tea or lemonade, just get up and get it yourself. The beverage bar area was clean and it appeared everyone using it was being respectful of this area. The inside is very quaint. I would imagine, however, that with the spacing of the tables if the place was packed it would be quite noisy.
The Crepe Club obviously has Crepes, savory and sweet. They also offer Quiches, Croissants and Croissant French Toast, Paninis, Sandwiches, an Acai Bowl and Salads. The beverages consist of Pressed Juices, Shakes, sodas, Coffee with various incarnations, Iced Tea and Lemonade. I feel the pricing is very good EXCEPT for the Iced Tea ($2.95). It's a buck more than soda. Not sure why. 
S & I decided to each order something different, split it, and then order and split a sweet crepe for dessert.
S ordered the Chicken Florentine Crepe ($8.95). The filling consists of grilled Chicken, sauteed Mushrooms, Spinach, Mozzarella, and Bechamel Sauce. The flavor was good. The crepe itself was a bit thick, about 1.5X what I was expecting.
I ordered the Turkey & Swiss Croissant ($8.95). Turkey, Avocado, Basil Mayo, Lettuce & Tomato. The Croissant was good but not as flakey as I feel it should have been. The carved Turkey was not dry and had good flavor. Unlike the crepe, I feel the amount of filling in the Croissant was a bit lacking.
We asked Conner to choose a sweet Crepe for us. He brought us the S'Mores Nutella ($7.95). Filled with Marshmellow and topped with Nutella and Biscoff crumbles, ours seemed to be filled with something more along the lines of Marshmellow foam and again, the crepe itself was a bit thick. The flavors were good however and it was actually quite enjoyable.
Having a cute place to eat at the Biltmore that charges between $6 & $9 for most of their items is amazing. It may not be exactly like a crepe you had in France but The Crepe Club does offer a great value. As a bonus, you can get a small version every crepe for a little more than half the price of the regular. Add a scoop of ice cream for a buck and you'll have a perfect desert for any occasion. 
Great Staff. Cute Place. Good Food. Fair Pricing. 4 Stars.
