utYpyFOjNisHl1h7lDGSGA Bonjour Monsieur L'Escargot, you are looking very delicious today. I think I may just eat you.

I had long heard about the exquisite, oh-so-very-French, French food at L'Escargot Blanc. I was told it was the ideal place for a first date, the most delicious place to bring a family for a meal. Having grown up spending 1 month a year of my childhood in France, staying with a French family, I love French food and I like proper, hearty, rustic French food.

And so one Saturday evening I trotted up the stairs admiring large posters of French men enjoying cheese by the block, walked into a small, charming bistro with a cabinet full of large blocks of cheese, and was shown to a small table by the most charming French waitress. My only complaint of the whole evening was that we seemed to get the least good seat in the restaurant. It was squeezed beside a big round table, and rather than sitting parallel to the wall, stuck out from it. We weren't jostled, but just felt a little out of place. But this isn't the end of the world.

The main style of dining in the mains was either the hot pot style of cooking, which the Stew of the Day (Coq au Vin) and the rabbit were served in. Similar dishes, both in gravy / red wine, with potatoes, shallots and mushrooms. The meat was tender and fell off the bone. The other main I saw was the steaks, the fish, and then the sharing beef. I think it was around £50 or £60 for a joint of beef to share. It was cooked in the French fashion (still bleeding inside, yum) and looked marvellous.

There was a lack of foie gras and lamb on the menu; the mains are quite limited in choice. I was sad to also not see crepes on the dessert menu. They would have been a nice, lighter way to round up the meal. But the creme brulee was the lightest option, and my chocolate tart was so dense and rich and double-cream-meets-butter-meets-dark-chocolate-goodness that I at once couldn't eat another mouthful, whilst proceeding to eat it all.

The starters were perhaps the most exciting. Snails, presented in a traditional wee dish, with garlic butter. I didn't eat the snails, that my partner ordered, but dipped the bread in the garlic butter after. My French Black Pudding was something quite different to british black pudding. It looked like a sausage, and was a huge serving. It had more of a meaty, fatty texture and taste too, and was scrumptious with the calvados-soaked stewed apples.

A word of warning: it is rustic French cooking at it's most rich. Everything is probably cooked in butter, and wine, and love and passion and fat. I can normally manage three courses and feel comfortably full. I felt a little nauseous at the end, but that was entirely my own doing for not stopping after the first mouthful of the chocolate tart. Black pudding and chocolate tart either side of the 'light' rabbit main. Oh my.

It was £89 for two people eating three courses, and three glasses of wine. Perfectly reasonable, with mains being around £14 - £17. Not cheap, but not overly expensive either. You can come here for a guaranteed very well cooked meal without the pretence and pomp of fine dining. So relax, wear jeans, loosen your belt buckle, and indulge. 

I would like to see more choice on the mains menu, and really would have loved to eat foie gras. I'd also like my size 8 jeans to fit me again, but this isn't the fault of Mr Snail.
