UWupVhvb1qWZh8rNowJliQ I visited in Dec. 2013 with 3 other friends for our annual Christmas dinner. 

The Woods Restaurant and Bar is an up-scale restaurant featuring many Canadian classics showcasing local ingredients all prepared beautifully. The food is crafted by Chef Bruce Woods and Chef Anthony Davis with menu items that include seared Quebec foie gras, Lake Huron pickeral, and wild Digby scallops.

The location of Woods is on Colbourne St, just off of King Station. Inside, there was a Canadian themed décor with a stunning large tree bark chandelier, large mirrors and dim lighting which provided a cozy, yet classy ambience.

We were seated at the back of the restaurant, which seemed to have less lighting than the rest of the restaurant. My friend had trouble seeing the menu clearly and had to bring out her flash-light to view the menu. I had to use flash on my camera for all my food pictures, so I hope my pictures will do the food justice.

Food: 

I started off with the prime steak tartare for the appetizer which was accompanied with onion chips. The raw egg created a smooth consistency when mixed with the steak.  It was simple, delicious and fresh. The Dijon and shallots was not overpowering. Only thing was, the portion was a little small for me and I wanted more of it! Good thing the main course made up for the small appetizer.

For the main, I ordered one of their daily specials, which was the pappardelle (freshly made in-house) with wine braised venison, chestnuts and topped with a bit of goat Gouda and lots of shavings of black truffles. It was my first time having black truffles and it did not disappoint. The combination of ingredients created a rich, flavourful, hearty and delicious dish. It really hit the spot! I highly recommend this dish and I would go back for more.

My friends all enjoyed their meal as well. They ordered the tuna tartare (also a daily special), roasted Muscovy duck breast, yellowfish tuna and Pacific cod.   My friend mentioned the cod had a nice sear, yet the meat was tender and flavourful.

The drinks were well mixed, and accompanied my meal wonderfully. I ordered the cognac martini, red wine (I think it was with Ironwood Shiraz), and a bloody Caesar (I order a Caesar at almost every restaurant I go to!) The straws were cute, as they resembled the trunk of birch trees.

After dinner, I asked to see their private room.  To my surprise, I was greeted by the Chef/owner, Bruce Woods.  He was such a pleasure to meet as he was friendly, approachable and informative. The private room was gorgeous and was consistent with the décor of the restaurant and would be perfect for a special occasion. It seats about 14 people comfortably. Now, I need an occasion to book this room! Sorry, I forgot to take a picture.

Overall: 

It is worth going to Woods Restaurant.  I enjoyed the food, service and atmosphere. If I had to make one suggestion, it would be to make the portions a tad bigger, especially for big eaters like me.
