UxWH8zRYIBgs6Q2oykvRdw I love French food, so when a friend of mine wanted to do her birthday dinner here, excitement ensued.

The decor is very pretty - old-fashioned Parisian salon, with a bread-cutting station in the middle of the dining room. The restaurant is located right smack dab in the Distillery district, so makes for a romantic little walk too.

The food. Oh god, the food. First, we ordered the Tasting of Cluny ($13 per person). This has   BBQ sweetbreads, crisp fried frog legs and the chef's daily selection, which was seared tuna with pesto. Lacklustre, verging on inedible...The frog legs and the sweetbreads were both doused in this "bbq" sauce that more closely resembled Frank's Red Hot sauce and was, confusingly, way too spicy. It didn't complement either food. The frog legs were just MEH and were certainly not crispy. The seared tuna received an unanimous opinion..."...is this canned?" 

Anyways, for the mains, the BF ordered the Seafood Shore lunch ($25.90), which was essentially deep fried seafood (mussels, white fish, oysters) with fries. It was just ok, nothing spectacular and not outstandingly fresh. I ordered the Cacoa nib crusted terrine of Quebec Foie Gras. This was the highlight, but came with no brioche or toast points for the terrine. Of course, the bread station and gracious server fixed this, but it was not a well thought out dish. And it came with 3 chocolate macarons....(????) Taste good, but I stand confused.

Our friends ordered the Pot Au "Pho" ($24.90) and Roasted chicken. No comments from my friends on what they thought of it. They did give a glowing review of the Melted Gruyere ($15.90), the french onion soup. 

Overall, I'd say half a star for the decor. Half a star for the foie gras terrine dish. A full star for the service, which was top notch, and very gracious. Even when they mistakenly gave me a foie gras side dish for my main, rather than the foie gras appetizer dish, they gave us the foie gras side on the house as apology for the mix-up. Very classy. But no...I wouldn't recommend to those who love food.
