UxWH8zRYIBgs6Q2oykvRdw After reading some of the great reviews about Cluny, I had a look at the menu and was impressed. They featured lots of French favourites such as Frog's Legs and Sweetbreads as well as the option to add truffles and/or Foie Gras to anything. This place, I thought, is right up my alley!

Turns out, it's up an alley in the Distillery, and every bit as wonderful as the previous reviews-- and possibly better!

I made a reservation for 6:45, which we would have been on time for if it had not been for the parking situation in the Distillery, which is nothing short of a nightmare. We arrived at almost 7:10 to find that our table had been given away. The hostess suggested that we eat in the lounge, which was fine with us as the menu is the same.

Our server, Alexandre, was awesome and helped us to choose some fabulous favourites off the menu. We had:

Frog's Legs: These were lightly fried and so delicious that the meat almost fell off the bone. The drizzle atop them was spicy and slightly sweet with a side of Celery kimchee.  

Salt Cod Fritters: These are like little clouds of light fluffy fish and potato with a crispy coating. They are surprisingly light and airy with almost no grease despite looking like very dense hush puppies. The smoked potato dip seemed like a bit of doubling up on the potato in the fritters, but was still delicious.

Alexandre recommended  the Salmon Tartare and it was wonderfully flavourful and fresh with waffle cut chips and some fiery house-made hot sauce that really packed a punch without sacrificing flavour.

The server who dropped it off was just as professional and hospitable as Alexandre and you could tell that the staff were all well versed in their knowledge of the food. For a place that has only just opened, this is very impressive. They all seemed excited about the menu and everything on it.

Poutine was not out of the ballpark but we still enjoyed it. My boyfriend thought the fries were too thick, but I liked the steamy potato on the inside. The fried egg was done in a ring mold and formed an absolute perfect circle on top of the mountain of potato duck and cheese. Speaking of the duck, it was rich and smoky. The dish could have done with a little more cheese, but overall it was very good.

The little seafood bar at the back looks amazing and I need to remind myself to go back and eat some oysters there. They also have a very reasonable list of wines by the glass. It's not a big list, but they also offer a glass of Champagne (from Champagne in France) for $15.

The decor was elegant but welcoming with soft cushions and pillows on the banquettes. The room is adorned with Parisian antiquestuffs like mirrors and bottles and the colour scheme is a dark navy with white lacquered wood.


Everything here, including the service and the food, was beautiful. This place is a total win for a date night and is such a refreshing change from some of the other places in the Distillery
