UxWH8zRYIBgs6Q2oykvRdw A solid, charming spot that is sure to impress. Certainly won't risk leaving anyone in your party feeling downscale, but prices are reasonable for what you get and the place doesn't feel stuffy. Solid 85%. Good choice for a date or family dinner. Service is top notch.

I came here with my parents for dinner on New Year's Eve 2017, followed by a show at the Soulpepper Theatre, which is conveniently across the street. No NYE specials, just their normal menu. Steps away from the Cherry Street Green P parking garage exit. All in all, a solid Distillery experience.

[ decor / ambiance 5/5 ]
My perfect balance in a restaurant: elegant and charming (certainly more upscale than a family restaurant). Enough attention to details, without making you feel stuffy and uncomfortable. Could be equally at home here in a blazer or in a nice blouse and jeans. Definitely a good bet for a date. 

[ food : 3.5/5]
Not particularly memorable, nor particularly French, but certainly fine. Portion sizes look small, but items tend to contain ample butter/cheese so you do end up feeling full.

Mother ordered the lobster bisque in a puff pastry bowl, which the server cracked and poured the bisque into, so that was a fun presentation. Served with a side of beans and asparagus in butter, which were fine.

Father ordered the sea bass, which was solid. Came with a side of root vegetables and hummus.

As a vegetarian I had a beet/cheese starter and the mushroom tartine.

Prices are as expected, without making you feel ripped off.

[ service 5/5]
Waitresses were wonderful. My parents had never had oysters before and the waitress took the time to explain the different types and make a recommendation. She explained each dish and made recommendations with great detail and patience. Paid good attention to whether our water glasses were full, whether we had enough bread, etc, and was friendly without being overbearing.

[ overall 4/5 ]
A well balanced experience and a perfect way to cap off 2016 with my parents. A dependable choice in the Distillery to deliver an elegant and comfortable experience. Will bookmark for future occasions.
