vg55SAkrEmuHpWfIMtJjBQ If I could I would add an additional 5  

This place is AMAZING! This was my first experience with Legume and I had no idea what I was in for. 
When I waked in the place was busy but not to over crowded and the overall ambiance was nice. There was a diverse group of people I could see that were seated plus the decor was interesting. I liked the fact that the menu pointed out there was a shelf with jars of preserved local peppers that was used on a previous menu item along with the origin of the peppers. 
Now I won't lie the food is pricy but you get what you pay for and then some!

We decided to get two entrees to try and an appetizer. For the appetizer we got goat cheese crostini with pepper jelly. So I'm thinking what can be so great about some toast with goat cheese and jelly. Well was I fooled I don't know if it was the local ingredients but it was so delicious the balance of flavors along with a subtle hint of heat was exquisite. I could of ate a dozen more. Then one of the entrees we got was Arctic char, which to be honest we had no clue what it was but decided to go on a whim. Then the  waiter asked how we like our salmon cooked so we figured it out after that. 
Other entree we got was grass-fed beef rib steak. Let me tell you the portion sizes were bigger then I expected. I so thought I was paying for a bite or two of a dish but was I shocked to see a quality meal and an awesome size to boot! I can't even begin to describe the food. It was some of the best food I have tasted in my entire life, NO JOKE. During one point of the meal my dinner date looked at me and said wow this is how salmon is supposed to be cooked and it was our favorite of the whole dining experience. 
All I have to say is if you have the money and time please go here. Only thing I can worm you about if everything is made to order and they only have so much of everything. We wanted to try a custard dessert but they ran out, which I was really disappointed but it's understandable. I do hope to make it back soon and what other delights I can try.
