vg55SAkrEmuHpWfIMtJjBQ I want to give this place five stars.  I want to, but I can't.  "as good as it gets" is a super hard description to live up to.  Also, I have a really hard time giving out five stars.  So maybe it's five star and I just have some weird brain thing that prevents me from giving out that last star, but here were my issues with it:

It's not for everyone.  Why?  Well, for starters, the menu is pretty limited.  If you're a huge seafood fan, for example, or LOVE steak...but neither is featured prominently (or at all) on the menu...you're sort of forced to leave your comfort zone to order.  

Now that is right in MY wheelhouse...I love trying stuff I've never had before, or never heard of before...but it's not in EVERYONE's wheelhouse.  My wife, for example, had a tough time finding anything that didn't...scare her.  So she ended up getting chicken.  And not that the chicken was BAD.  (it wasn't)...but it's nothing she'd order at any other restaurant.  

When we left I asked her, "Would you come back?" and she answered "That's a hard question to answer."  Which means, that it's really NOT that hard a question to answer, because other places she'd have just said, "YES!"  But she explained as follows:

It's difficult to compare Legume to other restaurants she loves because she didn't get something she loves from Legume in order to be able to compare it to something she loved from another restaurant.  Because the menu is limited, you're you may find yourself having to default to something you really wouldn't prefer, only because it seems like a better option than things you may have never tried.

Okay...with that out of the way, a couple minor issues:

The waiter wasn't super.  He wasn't bad.  But he wasn't super.  That alone wouldn't have dropped this review to four from five stars, but see above.

The bar was slow.  This is sort of a good problem for Legume, but sort of a crappy one for customers...the bar was PACKED, when we got there.  PACKED.  So I get why the bar was slow...but it was just something that detracted from the five-ness of the star rating.

The coffee was so-so.  We did the french press, and it was fine, but not great.  I love a good coffee with dessert.

Things I loved:

I had stinging nettle soup.  Stinging.  Nettle.  I ate weed soup for dinner.  That is COOL.  And it was good.

Sommelier.  Any nice restaurant should have someone that can steer you toward a good wine that compliments your food nicely.  Legume has one.  

Seriously...stinging nettle soup.  

I had the goat loin/shank/sausage with harissa and japanese knotweed.  Do you see a trend here?  They cook WEEDS and make them taste good.  That's AWESOME!!!

The goat was good.  Not great...but definitely good.  When I had bites with the knotweed and rice, the sauce, goat, and knotweed balanced out really nicely...but bites that were heavy with knotweed were bitter and because of the way it was prepared it was hard to get consistent bites throughout.  Still...really good.  Happy with my goat, I just wonder if knotweed was the best choice for the dish.  Was it awesome BECAUSE it was knotweed?  Yes.  But could it have tasted better if it had been something less imaginative, but more palatable?  Maybe.

Pretty restaurant inside.  I liked the inventiveness of the food.  I liked the ambiance.  I liked the philosophy overall.  I'd like to have given it five stars, but I feel like it suffers from limited menu, less than five star wait staff, okay coffee, and maybe (ironically) TOO imaginative dishes.
