vg55SAkrEmuHpWfIMtJjBQ Everyone kept telling me I needed to try Legume. I was NOT a fan of More, so I'm glad someone moved in that didn't serve mediocre italian. Finally went last night. Incredible dinner, but let me explain the four-star rating. I would give five stars, but the service was only worth 3. Our plates sat on our table for what felt like forever before being cleaned, and we were only asked once or twice how everything was. Granted, they were pretty full, but still...good service always makes a difference. We were busy catching up so I didn't mind the empty plates/so-so attentiveness like I might have at another time.

On to the important stuff. The food. was. amazing. I'm still kind of fantasizing about it. New favorite dish might be their lamb tartare. Melt in your mouth uncooked heaven. Obviously lamb's flavor is strong, so I think you've got to really like tartare to go for this, but it was incredible so you should try it even if you're not a huge fan whenever they have it next.

We also had the pork and pistachio pate which was very nice. Paired well with our wine. 

I had the mackerel after my tartare...definitely could not have fit in a full entree and had room for dessert (which would have been a mortal sin). The fish was presented beautifully, clean and crisp lines. It was very salty alone, but with a taste of the rhubarb chutney was FANTASTIC. I've never had fish pair so perfectly with something. It cut through and was worth all the bones I had to maneuver around. (I also will add I appreciated the presentation in full fish form as it would have definitely lost its charm if it was boned etc.)

My dining mate had the spelt and wasn't as estatic, but still pleased. The ricotta and greens were tasty, but the spelt had a very greasy aftertaste. 

Hokay. The dessert. We got the choclate truffle cake and panna cotta. I am glad I appropriated the panna cotta because I was kind of full and could not have stopped myself from devouring the chocolate. 

ALSO THE HONEY. On the panna cotta there was a bit of honey comb and combined with a bit of the lavender cookie I thought I had accidentally eaten from the tree of life and was about to be cast out into the cold, cold world where food like this could never exist.

In short....I'll be back. Maybe tonight :)
