vg55SAkrEmuHpWfIMtJjBQ At this point, we've all been hammered over the head about seasonal ingredients, nose-to-tail eating, and the merits of being a locavore.  Watching celebrity chefs on TV remind us about the importance of using fresh, local ingredients is beginning to border on insulting--we get it.  And no, we can't afford to get our fish overnighted from the Pacific.  But a place like Legume--my favorite restaurant in 2010--reminds us all how important those things really are.

Legume manages the almost impossible balancing act of being ethically sound without being preachy.  If I were a much, much better cook, this is the kind of place I'd want to run.  They source locally and pick sustainable ingredients for their dishes.  They can their own tomatoes during the summer since winter tomatoes are...well, terrible tasting.  There are a ton of little details like these in terms of how the back of the house is run that make me love this place.  If you're familiar with how Arrows (ME) approaches food, this isn't too far off.

But let's say you love red snapper and Chilean sea bass and have no real interest in where your food is coming from, all you care about is how it tastes.  It tastes amazingly good.  I've eaten at Legume a number of times and I had to rack my brain to remember a single, slight slip from the kitchen (slightly, slightly overdry meat, and only once out of many visits).  Although the chef generally keeps "safe" options on the menu (Chicken Under a Brick, etc), I strongly recommend giving the more unusual offerings a try.  Even the sides and addons are amazing--Belle has developed an unhealthy addiction to their pickled haricot verts.  It's a fairly small place, but has a fun, hip atmosphere well-suited to Regent Square.

And, a final plug for their theme nights.  They offer a regular vegetarian menu as well as seasonally-focused special events.  It may be something like offering lobster ravioli in fall (yes, lobster is seasonal) or my personal favorite, offal night.  Lots of places in Pittsburgh do excellent food.  Legume does that, but also does really interesting, obviously very personal food.
