vg55SAkrEmuHpWfIMtJjBQ I went here for valentines day and I have to say I was impressed beyond my expectations, which were high to begin with.  The prix fixe was incredible, we both had the Cream of Parsnip and Apple Soup with Croutons and then Maine Diver Scallops with Parsnip Purée, Lentils, Bacon with Port. Finally, I had the chocolate truffle cake while she  had the gingerbread.  The meal began with a tasting of fresh bread, warm butter, salt-cod and potato puree spread, house-made pickles, and broiled chevre.  The tasting was amazing, high point was the salt-cod and potato puree, not only because it was one of the better things I've tasted in months but also because I have a whole fillet of salt-cod on my fridge already and until then I had no plans for how to use it.  The soup was clear and subtle; presentation was simple and well done.  The scallops were cooked perfectly.  Opaque in the center with a golden edge, sitting atop a bed of parsnip puree and lentils (which had been prepared with smoked bacon) all surrounded by a touch of port reduction.  I have but one complaint: I think the menu should have stated how much better the gingerbread would be in comparison to the truffle cake.  That being said, the truffle cake was very good.  The gingerbread, however, was the sort of dessert one aspires to make.  Moist but not buttery or oily.  Spiced, but not overly so and all of the spices tasted fresh and vibrant. I hate that I chose the truffle cake, which was very good.

It's not often, unfortunately, that I afford myself the chance to go to a restaurant, where I feel it's appropriate to rate the service.  The staff at legume was clean, friendly, and unobtrusive.  The best staff is only present when necessary.  And this is true of legume.  My needs were met constantly without my needing to acknowledge them, even in the face of a dinner requiring a revolving selection of silverware and plates.  My wine was opened table-side, without knee or table support, something you may only appreciate after years of working in the service industry.  And my water was never empty.  I enjoyed my meal infinitely more because of this treatment.  

I see, in a lot of the reviews, that people believe this to be a pricey restaurant - it's not.  The prices are more than fair for the meal you're getting.  I look forward to returning for the Wednesday vegetarian prix fixe someday soon.
