vg55SAkrEmuHpWfIMtJjBQ I'm still relatively new to Pittsburgh. I went to Legume with a couple of friends to kick off our "Supper Club" where we try out different local restaurants. I chose Legume because it sounded unique in it's local sourcing of produce, European inspired yet American food and daily changing menu. Their website only posts the most recent menu as it changes every day! The food was hands down FANTASTIC! Whether the pepper jelly crostini and goat cheese appetizer (a must if you're there in my opinion), or the fresh bread that they serve as we waited on our entre or the Spicy Kimchi Soup; they were all outstanding. I ordered the sweet potato ravioli with oyster mushrooms, the only vegetarian entre which was just the perfect balance of the "comfort" that sweet potatoes stand for and unique flavors that came from the sage, kale and other herbs We were lost for choice when it came to their dessert menu. We settled on sharing the cardamom pudding, which again was brilliant. The uniqueness of a flavor like cardamom in the comforting familiarity of pudding and mousse comes together and just blew me away with every spoonful. I think the quality of ingredients they use, fresh seasonal vegetables, dairy and produce makes their food so soulful. I was a bit disappointed with my drinks though (which come from their bar next door, Butterjoint). I ordered the "Mercy of the bartender" which is exactly what it sounds like and I mentioned that rum is my preferred poison. Now with a blank slate to work with, I was excited to see what I'd be surprised with. I received my first drink which I think was a version of the 'El presidente' - Citrusy and White Rum. which I thought tasted fine..nice and stiff.. but also rather boring and unadventurous. For my next drink, I asked for something more exciting. "Surprise me" is what I said. Yet again, i received a white rum based citrusy cocktail which again, tasted okay.. but totally didn't match up to the high standards the appetizers and the food had set by then. I also felt that with a story like theirs, a menu that sets these expectations and food that totally knocks it out of the park, there's room for improvement in the service department. Our waitress on that particular occasion, although efficient, would not smile, wasn't particularly amused when I asked what was in my drink and would respond to our questions with quick, curt to-the-point replies. I'd certainly recommend this restaurant both for special occasions, date night or just a good dining experience. Just order one of their regular cocktails or pick from their fairly diverse wine list to complement your food and you should be fine. 
One more thing - I just looked at their menu online and it's the exact same as when I dined there a couple of weeks ago.. which was the exact same menu I'd seen when I reserved the dinner which was another couple of weeks before I actually dined there. I asked my friend who dined there a 2 years ago and she ate the exact same food that I did. So, the "daily changing menu" on their website might be a bit of a stretch.
