vg55SAkrEmuHpWfIMtJjBQ While looking for fancy dinner options we settled on Legume & were lucky enough to get a dinner reservation at short notice. 

Legume shares a corridor with its sister bar: Butterjoint. The low lighting, decor & soft music all set the stage for a perfect date night. 

We started off the night by with some wine which was pretty good, what made it better was our waitress. I was unable to decide between two wines (white & rosé). Seeing my indecision, she offered a tasting of both to help make a choice(now that's service!) 

For appetizers we got the pork duck pistachio pâté & the arugula salad with warm mushrooms. I am not a big fan of pâté & almost never order salad at a restaurant( why order something you can easily whip up at home & pay the big bucks while at it?). After tasting that pâté & salad I have to say I'm reformed!!! I never knew you could instill so many flavors into such a simple dish...a SALAD!! The mushroom was the true star of that plate. Flavorful, perfectly cooked & totally delicious!!! 

For the entree my date had his mind set on the steak & for the sake of variety, I decided to order the lamb chops ( one of the pricer entrees on the menu). You would think that no server would deter you from ordering something that is pricey & way larger portion than you can eat...what do they care right?? Nope... Not here!! Our server instantly pointed out the large portion of the dish guessing I would not want to/or be able to eat a 10 oz lamb chop. On asking her for recommendations she suggested the Farro (a legume)which was not only a vegetarian dish but also the least expensive entree. Another peeve of mine is never to order a vegetarian dish at a restaurant. Past experiences have taught me that they are usually bland, tasteless & leaves me with a feeling of money down the drain. Willing to take a risk I decided to heed her words & get the Farro.... Best decision!!! Never have I had a vegetarian meal (especially of a non Indian cuisine) that tasted that great! I have no words... It was a meal stopper! The steak was top notch too but I was too involved in the Farro to really notice!

We wrapped up our meal with the restaurant's signature dessert:the chocolate truffle cake. Probably the weakest dish of the evening,not because of its own flavors, only because it was compared to the high standards set by the prior dishes. 

Overall: I have to say that this dining experience changed several of my well set ideas of dining out (I'm a whole new women!) Legume epitomizes what fine dining is all about... Stellar food, wonderful setting, perfect ambiance & staff who are attuned to their diners as well as their potential needs... All in all a five star experience!!!
