vg55SAkrEmuHpWfIMtJjBQ Ate at Legume with my husband and two friends last Saturday night - really great food but pricey esp for Pittsburgh area. We booked Legume three days out and were able to obtain a 7:45pm reservation with no issues on opentable. 

The menu was posted by 5pm that day as promised, and it was totally delicious - basically everything had garlic scapes which were light but kind of like green beans - the menu had some edgier items but just nice upscale American food. We appreciated that the fresh bread kept coming and it was delicious and it came with some softened butter; super fresh too, nice crust and the inside had lots of bubbles. 

We shared the beef tartare appetizer which came with crostini - pretty good but not the best I've ever had. The two guys got the "chewy steak" (seriously it was advertised that way) and it came medium rare with garlic scapes - they said it was pretty good, had a nice char, I'd say it was more rare than medium rare but it was chewy.  

One friend and I ordered the vegetarian tasting menu - $37 for three smaller courses - a carrot soup with salsa, a mushroom toast, and ricotta cheese ravioli with salsa and garlic scapes (duh). The carrot soup was really light, and kind of fall-ish with sour cream and a light salsa. The mushroom toast was literally one longer piece of their house bread with sautéed crimini mushrooms on top. I was stuffed by the final course, so didn't finish it but it was a nice easy ravioli dish with a creamy herb sauce and garlic scapes. For dessert we all shared a fresh panna cotta w/blueberries and crumbled meringue on top - perfection. 

Overall the food and service was excellent, tab for four people with 1 drink each and 1 shared dessert was $208. Our waitress was really nice, and was able to provide answers to any questions we had about the drinks or menu items, and she was also gracious since I broke a table lamp. :( The drinks menu fell over on the old school glass and metal lamp and it shattered - I felt awful - but she said it happens a lot...cringe!
