vg55SAkrEmuHpWfIMtJjBQ I've been to Legume three times. Each time, the atmosphere and the service has been great, but I left disappointed with the food. I came back multiple times because their menu changes frequently, and I figured that perhaps I just picked the wrong items off the menu. In the end, my opinion is that the food is incredibly overpriced for the quality - this is the main reason for my low rating. I don't think that Legume stands up to the other restaurants (in the Pittsburgh area) at this price range.

The first two times I went were a year or so ago, so I do not remember all the details. But I tried the tasting menu once - for the appetizer, we received a plate of pickled vegetables. I was very disappointed because 1) salt intake overload 2) the pickled veggies didn't have much variety in taste and 3) I was hoping for a more savory appetizer. I think the rest of the tasting menu could have been good, but I was so salt overloaded from the appetizer that my tongue was numb.

Tonight my friend and I tried the smoked bluefin pate, their lamb entree, the swordfish entree, chocolate truffle cake, and vanilla icecream with peaches and almond biscotti. 

The bluefin pate had a nice smokey flavor and I enjoyed it. My friend did not enjoy the lamb dish because it was too heavy and tough. To be fair, our waiter had warned us about it, explaining that the dish was not a rack of lamp chops, and that the meat could be a bit "chewy."  My friend had asked for a medium rare, but it was unevenly cooked medium to medium-well.The sauce had a nice spicy kick to it, but they could have cut down on the sugar. My swordfish was a bit overcooked (I understand this is a hard fish to cook, and is tougher in texture than other fishes). The sauce was too thick, too sweet, and too salty.I noticed that my swordfish and my friend's lamb was accompanied by the same rice and turnips - I did not appreciate that the two entrees were not unique (at the $30/dish range).  I quite enjoyed my chocolate truffle cake - it was rich and chocolaty and melted in my mouth - and I didn't try my friend's vanilla icecream and peaches with biscotti dessert, but he was unhappy with it and said the peaches were reminiscent of cough syrup.

My overall impression is that many of the dishes at Legume are heavy and salty. While I enjoyed parts of my meal, they were not worth the hefty bill at the end. There are places with better food for the same price or cheaper. I'll only be returning here if an item on their changing menu catches my attention.
