vg55SAkrEmuHpWfIMtJjBQ I feel as though with most new restaurants, they tend to suffer in the details. This is really no different with Legume.

It is a charming small place, yet not suited for intimate dinners. The noise levels were atrocious to the point where you could not hear the person sitting across from you. You're just bombarded with noise pollution the whole time you're there. They had newly installed sound dampening panels suspended from the ceiling, but they need to install more and put them on the walls as well. 

The menu is ambitious and the execution is good, price point is a tad high particularly for the neighbourhood.

When I was there, it didn't seem like the crowd was local Regent Square neighbourhood peeps.  The crowd consisted of groups of Babyboomers and anyone under 35 was there as a couple. 

We had reservations, though it's confusing as to whether they take them or not. We had called a day ahead and told that they don't take reservations, but the next day when someone else answered the phone they happily accepted reservations. 

Our server was fairly friendly and helpful. The owners walked around refilling people's waters and busing. 

The decor is cute and tables are bare. The difference between a place in San Francisco and Pittsburgh is that both would have tin ceilings, but in Pittsburgh they would be painted.  

We ordered Roasted Marrow Bones with Sea Salt and Toasted Country Bread and Sliced Lamb's Tongue with Potato Salad, Pickled Cucumber and Bistro Vinaigrette as the first course. The lamb's tongue came first and was delicious. However paired with their  bistro vinagrette, it was reminiscent of head cheese. I think the more delicate lamb tongue flavour was a bit overwhelmed  by the pickle that accompanied it. I think I would have preferred a white sauce with the lamb's tongue or just a dollop of creme fraiche. The marrow bones were great on the toast. I believe it was the olive farm bread from Mediterra bakehouse. A small ramekin with rock sea salt accompanied the  bones, but I felt a flakier finishing salt would have been better. It's difficult to put just a little bit of rock salt on.

I order the Arctic Char with Lentils, Red Wine and Potato-Celery Root Puree. The Arctic Char still had the skin on that was seared with a torch to a delicious crispness. The Potato-Celery Root puree was really good, very creamy. 

My husband had the Fennel and Red Wine Pork Sausage with Creamy Polenta and Red Sauce. Though the sausage was very good, I thought the Red Sauce was not a good match with the sausage and the polenta was not particularly good or bad. 

The presentation of all the dishes could be improved upon. 

I don't know if I would make a regular point of going there, bec. it's impossible to have a conversation. Yet its price point is maybe too high for groups. Some people might balk at the price unless it was a special occasion. However it's not suited to special occasions either. It's difficult to classify this restaurant, bec. the price point and food would almost fit into a "casual fine dining" yet the atmosphere and decor is too casual for that. I think maybe it's for those who want something very casual and every day, but have more discretionary income? Maybe there's a Regent Square I don't know about, but I don't think my friends who live there could afford to eat at Legume so often.
