vLkKorA1gPS97Zj0_WKA0Q At the end of dinner, we were asked to vacate our table so another couple could be seated! More on that below, here is a full run-down of the evening:

We stayed at the Mandarin Oriental (which was lovely) and were fortunate enough to book a Saturday evening reservation at Twist. We arrived for our 6:30pm reservation and much to our delight we were seated at a window-front table. My husband and I both ordered the 3-course tasting menu with wine pairing. A series of small, tasty and interesting canapes were the first items that arrived. The appetizer course that followed was kind of disappointing. I ordered a trio of seafood dishes which were good but not outstanding (with the exception of the lobster with miso gelee which was excellent) my husband's skate appetizer was just bizarre, the flavors were off-putting and didn't make any sense together. The main courses were very solid, duck for my husband (tender and flavorful) and John Dory for me (wonderful, very creative foie gras mousse with red wine gelee and it works!). The five small desserts were also terrific, we enjoyed everyone of them. Following dessert we ordered tea and coffee and after finishing 2 cups (~15 min), we let our waiters know that we were ready for the check. I signed the check when it arrived and it was collected after a few minutes (isn't this a restaurant faux pas?). Approximately 5-10 minutes after the bill was collected a man in a gray suit (perhaps one of the managers? Regrettably I did not get his name) approached our table. He requested that we vacate our table so that another couple could be seated at our window table. He mentioned that my husband was welcome to finish his tea at the bar but the other couple had been waiting for a window table for over an hour and they were getting impatient and threatening to leave. What!?!?! I just dropped $500 for dinner and now you want me to leave so that you can flip my table?!?!?! We were only sitting there a total of 2.5 hours, which based on the other reviews, is about the standard amount of time that the 3 course tasting menu requires. I was initially very embarrassed, (I was made to feel like it was our fault that the other couple had been waiting so long) so we immediately left but after I had some time to stew about it, my husband and I returned to confront the man in the gray suit.

When we returned to confront him, he was initially completely unapologetic, he said that he "didn't think that it was a big deal" for us to vacate our table for the other couple, he thought that we would understand that they had been waiting for a window table for over an hour and they were getting very hungry and upset. As it became evident that I was not going to leave without some sort of apology, he conjured up a modest "I'm sorry" and continued to insist that he had done nothing wrong by asking us to vacate the table. 

I also sent an email to the address listed on the Twist website to complaint about the rude behavior of the man in the gray suit. They did send an email with a genuine apology and said that they spoken with their management about our experience to insure that it never happens again but that was the end of it. As far as retribution, I don't quite know what I wanted but sometimes words just aren't enough; the experience soured our whole evening and colored the way I felt about the entire weekend trip to Las Vegas.

I recommend that you experience the other fine dining options in Vegas, Robuchon was fantastic and is about the same price if you choose your beverage options carefully. The food at Robuchon was a level above Twist and the service and ambiance was also superior.
