vLkKorA1gPS97Zj0_WKA0Q I asked Chef Gagnaire if it was a serious challenge to find inspiration in Las Vegas...after all, most of the products, chefs, and clients are from some other far flung destination.  And for a chef who seems to be defined by inspiration, improvisation and art (he's got a serious love for both jazz and modern art...and his recipes read more like Point than Keller), his answer surprised me.

'No, zat is not really a probblemm for us, what I find challenging is to find zee line with the clients here in Las Vegas. What and how do zhay want to eeet?'

This took me by surprise, as he's someone who's been cooking "famously" for over 40 years. He's already been through all of the ups and downs, fallen in and out of love with the Bibendum...and has garnered a reputation as an artist who doesn't suffer fools.  He's a chef that really doesn't have to answer to anyone. However, that he focuses so seriously on what the diner wants is a true peek into his character.

To that end, he's promised that the menu is something that they will be evolving over the weeks and months to come.  In its first form, he offers both a tasting menu as well as a choose-what-you-like a la carte menu for the restaurant...which is also the sole US outpost of Gagnaire's cuisine.

Highlights of the tasting menu included a lovely opening salvo of six canapés.  The textures and presentations spanned the spectrum, from Guiness and Jack Daniels gelles, to sardine potato chips.  After these bites, the first course of seared scallops went on to prove two things: 1) seared scallops are far from passé in the right hands, 2) those same hands have a thing for blending together complex and sometimes risky flavors into a delicious whole.  Langoustine Five Ways is an example of Chef Gagnaire's constant evolution.  The presentation maintains a backbone of preparations not unlike Japanese Kaiseki (Seared, Grilled, Mousseline, Gelee, Tartar), but the components of each preparation change considerably.  More, his presentation succeeds where so many "duos" and "trios" fail, as the lesser dishes strive for complexity for complexity's sake.  Here however, the form has function, as the chef manages to tease out what seems like every flavor and texture available in a Langoustine.  There's the delicate flavor of the grilled preparation and the powerful "head" flavor from the gelee.   Even the progression itself is well thought out and while the individual dishes may pull you in five different directions, you end up arriving exactly where the chef wants you. Granted, there were some aspects to the meal that needed refinement (wine list and inventory need to be synced up, a sauce ice cream that couldn't make it to the table without melting), but if everything was already "perfect" then isn't it all too easy?

Unlike most "famous" chefs in Las Vegas (JR, TK and a very few others excluded) Twist is more than a brand extension, but a chance to see a man for his art.  Like it or not, he's not taking the task lightly...more than just "consulting," Chef Gagnaire has brought his A-team with him to Las Vegas.  Pascal, the CdC, has been with Gagnaire for 8 years, the Pastry chef, for 6 years, and Chef Gagnaire has even brought on Chef Michel, who has been cooking with Gagnaire for 26 years and is Un des Meilleurs Ouvriers de France...(translation: he's a super super official gangsta).  And while this team is not likely to last more than a month or two in its current form,  I'm sure it will have a lasting impact on the restaurant itself.  So, if you can get out to Las Vegas and the Mandarin Oriental, why not come and see just how carefully Chef Gagnaire walks the line?
