vLkKorA1gPS97Zj0_WKA0Q This review was for my visit a day after Valentines Day. Twist has always been on that upper echelon level of food in my opinion and to me was a big splurge that I wished to do back in High School. It wasn't the smartest idea back then and it didn't end up happening but the restaurant has always been on my mind. Fast Forward a couple years and I'm walking up to the Mandarin Hotel and ready to take the elevator up and and walk down that dimly lit hallway into the restaurant. 

Service: Hits almost all of the big Forbes standards as every staff member used my last name, wine list introduced to the host, Excellent knowledge of menu, drinks, pairing, etc. Very interesting how Twist is home to one of the few Master Sommeliers in the world. 5 star service all around as should be expected.

Food: The good stuff and most memorable part of the meal. We decided to do Ala Carte and we began with the foie gras as a starter, Wild Turbot for me and Diver Scallops for my significant other. We ended our course with a tasting of Chef Pierre's favorites. And the greatest and most exciting part was finding out that Chef Pierre himself was in the kitchen! I'm sure he played a part in the execution of meals as everything was truly memorable. From the generous Amuse Bouches given out before, between, and after each dish to the dishes themselves. The presentation was gorgeous and matched the design of  the restaurant. Modern, sleek, and elegant. Everything is minimal but plays a part. All of the dishes are separated into various parts so you can enjoy the flavors of each item in a certain order as you willingly take your tastebuds on a journey. To me the epitome of great food is when it can invoke involuntary emotion and bring forth fond memories. This moment hit when I took a bite of the shrimps that was part of my Turbot dish. A ridiculous smile came up on my face and all I could feel was this sense of Joy. It was that moment that I knew no matter how much I spent here, this was the type of food that was worth it. 

Thoughts: I've studied a lot of reviews before coming here as it was a debate between here and Picasso. Although I have yet to try Picasso I chose Twist because it appealed to me more. The modern design drew me in and the modern flair and experimentation seemed exciting. To those that complain the staff is rude or stuffy, I'm sure there may or have been staff members that were but also it's a mental thing. If you go in thinking people will look down on you that's all you're going to react to. Go in with a sense of adventure and focus on your love of food. It's alot of money and of course overpriced for just food. But when you pay for these places you're paying for the memories and experiences just like how some people spend hundreds on concert tickets, or traveling. There's alot of factors that play into a good dining experience and I feel Twist definitely knocked it out of the park as seen in me writing this review almost 4 months later.
