vLkKorA1gPS97Zj0_WKA0Q I have to admit that I am also extremely shocked at all the negative reviews. I had a wonderful dinner here and yes, it is expensive... but this is also a 3 star Michelin chef. My sister and i both got the six-course tasting menu.

Let me just say if you just get drinks at the bar, make sure to order the Mandarin martini. It was SO good and really cold. It wasn't overly sweet but had a nice mandarin taste. I loved it.

Meal started with an amuse bouche of bread sticks with some sort of dip (creme fraiche?, wasabi, cheese crackers). The bread sticks were delicious but the dip didn't really have much taste. Also served with a little tart with goat cheese and a Guinness jello-like bite. Both were pleasant bites but I LOVED the spoonful of apple sorbet with little diced up cooked pieces of apple. What a refreshing bite and perfect thing to cleanse the palate.

The first course came was a cauliflower puree with calamari and butterfish carpaccio served with sliced beets and other things on top. On the side was asparagus in a gelee topped with parmesan cheese. Wow, what a unique and interesting combination. The cauliflower puree had chunky pieces of cauliflower in it too and I liked having that extra crunch. I also liked having the asparagus separate. I appreciate when flavors are separated (that are not mean to be combined).

Next was shrimp served on some type of biscuit with spinach and broth. This was the only slightly disappointing dish. The shrimp was kind of mushy... making me think it wasn't fresh.

Foie gras served three ways was next. The first was a hot version with a watercress puree on top. Everything was just so smooth and delicious and the consistency was perfect. They also served it cold with some nuts and little prune puree with crackers. WOW (I can't believe how many times I'm saying Wow), I loved how it was REALLY cold and the combination went really well. They also served it shaved raw on top of a salad with grapefruit. The shavings reminded me of lardo. 

Next came a lemon sorbet topped with a coconut foam and toasted coconut pieces. I liked how it was a nice palate cleanser and very beautiful.

The main course was lamb two ways. The lamb chop was amazing. It had really nice marbling and I really enjoyed the horseradish and oregano crust. So flavorful. The 2nd version was a lamb leg served chopped with deep fried garlic. It was very Mediterranean-like. Also tasty but I liked the lamb chop better.

Finally, we got 5 desserts. Yes 5! I thought they'd be tiny bites but they were actually bigger than I was expecting. My favorites were the upside down apple pie and the fruit salad topped with pistacchio pudding and cranberry marshmallows. Talk about creative! 

Of course they give you more with delicious meringues and other bite sized chocolates.

Service is superb! It really doesn't get much better than that. They served and cleared everything in unison and replaced all of the silverware in between every single meal. I definitely think if you're celebrating something special, Twist is a fantastic restaurant with out-of-the-box foods and great views and decor. I will definitely be recommending it to my parents and anyone else who can really afford a nice expensive meal in Vegas. Bravo!

Hope to one day be so lucky as to try his restaurant in Paris.
