vLkKorA1gPS97Zj0_WKA0Q Twist is a gorgeous, sleek restaurant on the 23rd floor of the equally gorgeous and sleek Mandarin Oriental.  The views from the hotel, restaurant, and yes even the restroom are breathtaking.  This restaurant is 1 to 2-Michelin worthy for their creativity in their dishes. I think the Grand Tasting Menu can rival L'Atelier's.  After all, the owner is Pierre Gagnaire, famous 3-Michelin Chef from France. Their Vegetarian Tasting Menu however was just okay to me and didn't have the same wow factor, despite being half the price of the Grand Menu. Our party of six ordered five Grand Tasting Menus (5 stars) and One Vegetarian Tasting Menu (3 stars) - so that's a weighted average of 4.67 stars rounding up to 5.

SERVICE (5 stars)
Top notch!  Servers explained every dish in detail, were patient and friendly.  One waiter even helped direct my mom to the restroom, by escorting her by the arm!

AMUSE BOUCHE (5 stars)
We got some amazing small bites here.  This tiny radish tart that was super refreshing and like eating an entire salad with one bite (my sister's words!).  The olive and gin martini jello shot on a stick was amazing, something like a cocktail for astronauts.

VEGETARIAN TASTING MENU (3 stars)
Like I said, good but nut great.  Many preparations relied on tartness and acidity to add flavors to the veggies.  My personal favorites were the beetroot, pumpkin (reminds me of soft tofu with truffles), and the tortellini.

GRAND TASTING MENU (5 stars)
This is highly recommended!  Lots of seafood, proteins, and creative use of fruits and veggies.  Most dishes 5 stars, a few 4 stars.  My favorites were the lobster (perfectly cooked and tender) and venison saddle (seared and incredibly juicy).  The side dishes were likewise awesome, especially the chilled green bean with almonds with some serious crunch and flavor.

GRAND DESSERTS (5 stars)
Both tasting menus gives five desserts, which were recommended to be eaten in a certain order.  Servers arranged them in a circle, and suggested we start at 6-o clock and eat clockwise.  My favorites were the first (coconut tapioca), third (chartreuse) and fifth (red fruit with chocolate ganache).  Flavors went from slightly sweet and fruity, to tart, and finally ending on richness. And that's not all - you get four more piece of candy after dessert.
