vLkKorA1gPS97Zj0_WKA0Q Made a reservation at Twist Saturday afternoon for 9:30 pm that evening, arrived promptly and was seated right away.

Immediately enjoyed the view and ambiance-wonderful setting to experience savory flavors!! Tables were spaced about nicely, but not far enough apart to overhear the couple behind be (more on that later). 

Prior to being seated I noticed they had shattered plates on the table, which matched artwork on the wall. They were removed upon being seated-an interesting touch.

I applaud Twist for an overwhelming selection of dark beers (stouts and porters). First time I had a hard time choosing what to order! I chose Carnegie Stark Porter, which was creamy and hoppy, with a very slight taste of coffee. The service was top notch - they poured our drinks at the same time. 

Prior to ordering they brought out a special surprise, a "jello shot" of whiskey and Guinness (delicious) and some other tasty treat. Sadly, I don't know the technical names of either.

I was planning on ordering the Lamb (based upon the menu online), but the actual menu didn't offer it. I chose the 5 course Vegetarian Tasting Menu instead. My date ordered the Venison. We ordered langoustine as an appetizer.

Prior to delivering our appetizer, were we served a few yummy rolls. The brioche roll was my favorite - dense and when combined with the salted butter, AWESOME! 

I really enjoyed their serving method. The langoustine appetizer was served at the perfect time. Right after we tried each of the rolls. The flavors were original and memorable-a great start! They also served the first course of my meal. Again, service was great - there was a lid on each dish to keep the food warm and the servers unveiled each at the same time.

My appetizer was the Beets and Orange salad (Goat Cheese and Caramelized Pecan Nuts with Hazelnut Vinaigrette). One of the best dishes of the night. The salad was crisp and fresh - loved the beats. The vegetables weren't hidden by the vinaigrette but complemented it. 

Prior to our next meal, we were served an icy desert? Not sure what it was, but it tasted of grapefruit and was rather interesting. 

My next plate was the Pumpkin Gnoochi. Again, they served this at the perfect time (they paced our meals perfectly). As a slight detour-sadly, prior to enjoying this delicious plate, the couple sitting behind me was getting into a heated argument about the food. Their complaining and negativity was quickly ruining my experience. I tried to ignore their bickering and enjoy my meal. The Gnoochie was probably my least favorite. It was good, but not a standout. 

Next up was the COFFEE AND CHESTNUT VELOUTE which was amazing. Unique flavors, never thought coffee could be used as it was!

By this time, the couple behind us was starting to get under my skin. Every meal was complaint after complaint, the women was clearly drunk and it was embarrassing for them and for me. There were two other tables adjacent to us facing the beautiful view of Vegas, but both were occupied. 

Next meal was the CARNAROLI RISOTTO - a nice dish, but not a favorite. However, the venison my date ordered was absolutely amazing. One of my top favorite dishes of all time. I had a few family members who are hunters; usually venison is gamy and tough. This meat was so tender you could cut it with a fork. The meat was cooked absolutely perfectly and the seasoning was phenomenal. It really did melt in your mouth. I only had a bite because I didn't want to steal her dish. And I was actually getting full (which usually never happens).

Even though our dinner was almost over, I couldn't take listening to the whiny couple behind us. The wife was saying how they shouldn't not leave a tip, and the husband was literally huffing and puffing. I was considering turning around and making a scene, but I calmed down. I was trying my best to enjoy the night, but it's like when someone's kicking your seat in a movie theater, you just can't ignore it. 

I asked one of our waiters if we could move to the other table in front us us (that was recently cleared) and tried to enjoy our desert nearly out of earshot. Sadly, at this time, I just wanted to leave. My date didn't really know what was going on, but I could tell the staff was uncomfortable with this couple, and it really did taint my night.  

I didn't eat much of the desert, although, it did look good. 

Overall, I would definitely go back. The service was exceptional, the attention to detail amazing. I enjoyed the large variety of flavors in smaller portions. The magic they did with the venison was astounding. I can't fault fault them or remove a star for the whiny couple behind me, but next time I'll ask to move sooner. I know if they hadn't been there I would have had an ever better experience.
