_cjPEH9wXhKS-HQe_U3M4Q This is a 2-meal review:

First Experience: Dinner, group of 7, Saturday night at 6pm

Seated promptly and very excited to try the nicoise salad.... but they only served it at lunch :( Since it was a special night for me, we asked the kitchen if they could specially make it for us.. but no dice. Tempted to get the Nicoise tart instead, I was not really up for eating pastry. For a $35, a tempting 3-course prix meal was also offered... but didn't feel like red meat. So I ended up opting for the Salmon with Quinoa. 
Having a taste of the french onion soup, it was very flavourful, loaded with cheesy goodness and extremely satisfying for the tastebuds. The salad was dressed nicely as well, and complimentary warm bread and mini pickles were a nice add-on.
Then the main course comes... and I was very happy with the salmon, a little undercooked, just the way I like it. However, the quinoa was really undercooked, making it a little hard to chew, and the dish was just lukewarm, which was a major turnoff. I felt like my dish was finished cooking first and sitting underneath the heat lamp.
The desserts - creme brulee and chocolate mouse was very decadent and if I wasn't so full, I would have eaten my friends' entire dish. It was unfortunate that while the starters and desserts were very well presented, the main star of my meal was subpar.

Second Experience: Lunch, group of 7, Monday afternoon at 12:30pm

Not surprised that at lunch time on a Monday, this place was packed with business workers in the area - looked like mostly groups too. Service was very scattered as our waitress disappeared for long periods of times to give us drinks and take orders. 

Remember that Nicoise salad that was only available at lunch? Well it's not on the menu anymore so do not get excited. The tarte nicoise is still there is anyone's interested. There was a seared albacore tuna with julienne radiccio salad, with walnuts and hierloom tomatoes - so that's what I got. When it came out, it was not what I had expected, but it was nicely presented. The salad portion was presented as a circular mold, and the tuna was cut into 3 pieces (I had not recognized it, as I thought it was be seared into thin slices). The tuna was a little bland, but with the rest of the salad gave it a refreshing bite.

There are a lot of things I would like to try on this menu - however, both times I was not blown away by the overall dish, and believe me  - I love french.

Since this will be in my little hometown neighbourhood, I may stop in for a late night bite and a glass of wine.... we'll see.
