voaZjLwStQEq9-wj7hFYBQ Time to get my snobbery on.

Again yelp you have hit the hammer on the head of the nail with the "Meh. I've experienced better".  Number One is the place you go if you have lots of money, and want people to see you.  Nice decor that is open despite being underground.  

My lovely date (Jeanne) and I, are on a quest to try all the creme a la creme places of Edinburgh, and Number One was next on the list.  

And perhaps I should start off by stating that my rating is terribly harsh, and the only reason really, is because they are not delivering what should be in the price.  We arrived, (reservations are suggested) while we were there, we represented 22% of the people.

Bread trolly was surprisingly uncreative, with much of the standard rolls one could find at a good bakery; butter was nice and fresh, and our starters were fine.  My goats cheese was overly mild and wasn't distinct, but was very soft and fresh.  

Jeanne and I both ordered the hay beef with marrow and rib with a truffle glaze.  Her, rare, me medium rare.

Now come the mistakes, and I really don't mean to get too snobby, but when one pays the prices one pays, you don't make mistakes.  Our total bill came to more than half my months rent (Marchmont rent) for a dinner for two, 3 courses and 1 glass of wine each.

1.) Waitress served me wrong wine.  She later notified me of her mistake, however charges were still on bill of the more expensive wine.

2.) Jeanne and I's meat were both served the same, i.e. both rare.  Also the truffle glaze was impossible to taste, and left us wondering if it had been forgotten.

3.) Jeanne, being from France (and from a respectable background), is use to having her silverware placed in a specific way with the fork facing down, not up as is customary in this country.  After the waiter had place her cutlery down, she and I both flipped it in her "french style".  When the waiter came to refill our glasses he changed it back.  Jeanne and I both changed it again, with again the waiter returning it to the british way.  While Jeanne and I both found this "silent" battle to be very amusing, it violates a crucial rule that Number One seems to believe they are above.

The Customer is always right.
