VwZhwflLnTq19aAeFLJHCQ Thoroughly enjoyed my meal here at Bernard's Bistro on Sunset! And yes this new place is the second location for Chef Bernard owner/chef of the Lake Las Vegas location. 

The cuisine is described as California European cuisine. The marquee in front of the restaurant bills it as "Inspired Fresh Diet" That's what piqued my interest. From what I get from reading the menu and getting to try some samples of some of the dishes, everything is prepared fresh and for those are calorie conscious, some dishes are prepared with lighter sauces and some Vegetarian dishes too. 

For this visit  it was soup, salad and quiche for me! The Classic Onion Soup was great! It was overflowing of baked Gruyere Cheese and caramelized onions, and cheese in every spoonful of the tasty beef broth. So good!

Next up my Bufala Mozzarella Caprese! It's good, I really like that the balsamic vinaigrette wasn't acidic at all. Real smooth.

Now the Quiche Florentine was something else! Texture wise, the most smooth, silky quiche I have had. A light but creamy cheese sauce topped it. The dish was savory, light, yet fulfilling. It also came with house salad and fresh fruit!! My server forewarned me that I did order plenty of food, she was right! Thing is I did managed to polish off the quiche dish in one sitting. Woot go me! 

....and like if that wasn't enough food...I was asking about other dishes on the menu and asked if they offer them on their lunch menu. ..Yes they do!! A few minutes later my server came over with samples Caribbean Chicken Salad and the Chimichuri sauce for the Argentinean pan roasted chicken. Both now on my list to order in the near future.  Especially the Caribbean Salad. LOVE the Dill Mango Curry dressing.   The general manager came by and introduced himself. Roger said that salad is popular and a favorite at Lake Las Vegas location. 

and then dessert....I ordered the Creme Brulee which is made in house. Fresh and simple vanilla custard. 

Price wise...for me it was fair and in line with the surrounding restaurants in the area.  Put it this way I spent the same amount ($30) for a similar dinner the day before at Macaroni Grill.  I'd much rather come here. Fresh and quality ingredients. Dishes 100x tastier.  It's a no brainer. 

Atmosphere is casual but classy. The furnishings are a bit dated. But they did a good job of refreshing up the place with wall art and white linen covered tables and booths. In the evening your ambient lighting comes from the bright outdoor street lights. And you cant go wrong with Frank Sinatra tunes playing in the background.

Service was impeccable. Everyone was on their A game. I found their staff to be warm and friendly. Chef Bernard popped out to say a quick hello to some regular patrons. What a welcome addition this place is to the neighborhood. I see many lunches and dinners here in the future!
