w2tr0PA0b3tg8pId0kjM-A Lovely little French bakery. What is it with me and French bakeries lately? Holy moly. My mum loves this place first and foremost for their macarons, it seems, but also for their pastries. Specifically those cute little cakes with the big price tags. We were just bitching about the prices earlier and then proceeded to spend about 50 clams on deliciousness. Oh well. I guess a lot of effort goes into making some of this stuff. I can understand charging a lot for macarons because I have made them before myself and yes, it's a huge PIA. lol. Oft times they don't come out right. Baking is truly a science. I am glad this place has a formula for kick-ass macarons down-pat. 

Oh and the service--I have only been in once--but let me tell you, sweetest ladies working behind the counter. I love the accents and the French words and how they encourage us to attempt to pronounce words. Heehee. I am soooo bad at French. Every French person ever (particularly the linguists and teachers) are rolling in their graves every time I attempt to pronounce various words... oh well! But yeah, they were running low on macarons and were out of some flavors but when we asked, they went in the back to procure more. They are closed on Mondays and I was hellbent to try some of their delicacies. It was, of course, nearing 3:00pm today (Sunday) and that's when they close. Still, great service despite this. A+

Hard to say what things are my favorites... I know I did not like the banana cake thing but that's because I am not fond of banana to the extent that some people are... also their orange tart thingy was too orange-y for me. But if you like a certain flavor and you get a "that" flavor item, chances are, you will like it. A lot. E.g. I looove hazelnut and their hazelnut cake/torte/thing was FANTASTIC. Soooo good. And the pistachio cake? I devoured the entire thing in a minute. Agggh!

I had to pop a digestive enzyme after eating this rich amazingness but was totally worth any indigestion that may occur after.... their lemon macarons and the chocolate ones are my fave. Basil was freakin' delish as well as the Earl Grey macaron. How do they get such intense flavors all in one little cookie? IDK! And I wish so hard they were open Mondays as I am flying back to St. Louis tomorrow evening and they normally open quite early...I'd totally haul ass back there first thing tomorrow morning if I could and stock up for the flight home. Unffff. I guess I will have to wait until my next trip back to Pittsburgh!
