_cjPEH9wXhKS-HQe_U3M4Q Today I had Sunday brunch at Le Sélect, in 10 years since I was here last time. I love everything about this French restaurant: the vibe, the decor, the food, the music.... most importantly their attentive service make you feel like home. It's very local, very friendly, very traditional. I have never been to France, but my friends told me this is exactly what French local bistro looks like. 
Love they give you free refill to your coffee, this is a plus for me. This restaurant can be very busy on weekends so better book reservation online before you go. Unlike other trendy eateries in Downtown Toronto you have to book reservation weeks ahead, I'm glad I can still able to book reservation on the same day: doors open at 10:30 Sunday morning, I book it online before 9am. 
I didn't ask for preference for seating, but I was lucky to be seated at the back of the main dining room where with heigh ceiling, floor to ceiling french doors with lots of natural sunlight and you can see the back garden patio... very beautiful. I can picture my future small wedding reception here in the summertime.. would be beautiful.
The front of the house is a diner + Bistro setting, more comfy and casual if that's what you like. My boyfriend didn't dress up (and you don't need to) so he felt a bit nervous at the beginning, but our waitress Cheryl done a great job to made him feel like home in a second. Every servers here are extremely friendly, warm and professional, especially Cheryl she is knowledgeable and attentive to every details.
Now comes the food:
As soon as we sat down, our drink orders were taken and fresh bread and butter were brought out immediately.
I ordered French onion soup - delicious. If you love strong cheese and crispy breads. To me this is good for rainy or snowy days, I'm craving for a soups like that.
Smoke salmon sandwich also delicious and light, it made with cream cheese and cucumber in a croissant. I changed the side salad to steam vegetables, there are baby bockchoy, oyster mushrooms, and asparagus. Love the steam vegetables are made as delicious as the main.
My BF had steak and egg, it turns out he said this is the best steak and egg he has ever had. Small portions but enough to eat. Beef was so tender and juicy. Egg was a perfect sunny side up. 
Cappuccino was creamy too, it comes with chocolate as french tradition.. plus plus!
We will definitely come back again! Hopefully won't be another 10 years. Bravo to the team.
