4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw I really, REALLY wanted to give this place five stars. Maybe even more than five. But we got hit by such a huge downer at the end of the night that it killed my enthusiasm.

The boyfriend and I had been having a wonderful night, and wanted to eat somewhere good that wouldn't break the bank. We'd just finished watching the Bellagio fountains, and Mon Ami Gabi was right across the street and just what I wanted.

We sat inside, but right by the windows facing the strip and the Bellagio fountains. We got the great view without the crowd noise, smoke, and wind. Perfect atmosphere for our romantic evening.

We both went for the steak frites: steak bordelaise (red wine reduction and carmelized onions) for me, steak roquefort (blue cheese) for the boyfriend.

The original plan was for us to each eat half of out steak and switch plates. After a few bites of mine, I decided that was just not going to happen, because I liked mine too much!

The preparations were simple. Flank steak or something like that pounded thin, with the sauce or what you chose on top. Thin cut fries that I couldn't stop snacking on. It looked like too much when it got placed in front of me, but I ended up finishing it all!

But alas, our happiness couldn't last long. Our waitress was near impossible to get ahold of once the entrees were served. I wish I could give her name here, but the nametags were numbered. Not much of a name tag, I guess.

I finished a few minutes before my boyfriend, and started looking around for her to get the dessert menu. I still had room for some creme brulee!

Five minutes later, the boyfriend finished. I glimpsed the waitress by the bar, chatting up some other servers... and checking Facebook on her iPhone!

Eventually she came our way... with a large group that she started fawning all over. They ordered lots of wine, and a few appetizers. My boyfriend and I weren't quite so spendy, so maybe that's why we got put on the back burner?

This is about fifteen minutes after I finished eating, and ten since our plates had been cleared. My boyfriend and I were clearly bored and waiting, but only the bussers came by to refill our waters.

Almost twenty minutes of waiting later, the boyfriend decided that we are not asking for a dessert menu if she doesn't offer, and certainly not leaving a tip. I absolutely hate not leaving something, but I had never been so angry about service in my life so I agreed.

Waitress finally comes, and offers dessert. If I didn't have a huge creme brulee craving, I would have been ready to walk. I got my dessert and my boyfriend got Bananas Foster.

My dessert was good, but it's not like you can mess up creme brulee. My boyfriend's dessert was huge, but he said it could have used more bananas. Still, he cleared his plate.

We booked it as soon as she got us our check. We had really been having a wonderful evening, one I won't forget, but the horrible service left a bad taste in my mouth. I really hope it's an anomaly, because I may come here again my next trip to Vegas.
