w2tr0PA0b3tg8pId0kjM-A Bonjour! Permettez-moi de vous aider à vider votre portefeuille aujourd'hui!

Few pastries excite me as much as the ones at Gaby Et Jules patisserie.  I stopped by on a recent Friday afternoon.  The exterior of the shop is an incredible bright spot on Forbes Avenue.  Inside, the store is very clean, bright and tidy.  The display cases are full of carefully placed edibles, lined up like tiny jewels and magnificent works of art.  So elegant!  The shop really is quite over the top.  And I'm not just talking about the prices!

My wonderful Gaby girl patiently waited while I chose my macarons one at a time and carefully boxed them up for me.  Next came my pastry choices.  She was even too kind as to help me decide which to try.  She told me how every pastry is hand crafted in the traditional French way with no shortcuts.  I loved her accent and could have talked to her all day.  I can see that care goes into creating each puffy pastry.  Everything was perfectly packaged in bags and boxes with the super cool and very pretty GEJ insigna.  After many ohs and ahs, I was out the door.  

Later, back at the ranch, it was time to enjoy my super duper indulgences.  The question was, where to start?  And who will help me?

BJ and the macarons won.  They were the right amount of crunchy goodness on the outside.  And the perfect gooey, fluffy, soft sweetness on the inside.  I am a fan of these tiny little pillows of delight-fullness. The little cookies were deliciousness in my mouth, I swear.  And well worth the splurge.  These treats seem to be straight from Heaven.

Later, came the froufrou French patisseries.  Never met a tartelette that I didn't love.  And I loved this one, topped with raspberries.  Another special treat was the Paris-brest.  I am a fan of the hazelnut flavored creme and the choux pastry was topped with powdered sliced almonds.  Another treat is their croissants.  I ordered a pain au chocolat and while they were not the very best that I have ever had, they were very good.  The crust was very flaky and shattered as I torn into it.  The interior was light as a feather, but not tough.  The layers inside were stretchy and would separate as I pulled with my fingers.  The flavor was buttery with a natural sweet goodness. 

The fineries here are a wonderful splurge.  If you are craving something decidedly different, what better way to fulfilling this craving than to visit Gagy Et Jules!

Mon nouvel ami!  Je taime!
