WOd8tWsh2Yt_osHv-ngx_w You're in the hottest club in Montreal and it's a little past 3. Music and people fight for your attention and maybe you've lost track of time. Or maybe you're hanging on, fogged by a drink too many, to the hopes you won't have to go home alone. But the club's gotten your money and has tired of you, and let's you know by the sudden silence and the blinding brightness of the lights turning on for the first time. As your eyes struggle to adjust, you start wondering wether the underlit atmosphere was intended for seduction or rather as a cover up for the slough of sugared alcohol across the scuffed surface of the dance floor. Or to veil the stained and threadbare bar stools you sat on sipping on your twenty dollar cocktails? The seduction, if there was any, was to distract from how much you'd be willing to spend in a mostly empty warehouse space furnished with plastic furniture with "final sale" labels still stuck on them. 

But now what if instead of showing you the door, the club offers you a seat at one of these plastic tables and graciously serves you hot coffee, salty scrambled eggs, and charred crisp bacon?

Welcome to Universel Déjeuner & Grillades 

I'll forever question the plexiglass and lime coloured, 'here comes Y2K' late 90's lounge decor, but undeniably the place is dedicated to fast, affordable, and satisfying breakfast. I want to snark about Crescent street vampires deserving breakfast too but I'll refrain. Because we are on Peel street right now.   

The menu is standard breakfast diner fare made with effort: omelettes, eggs + meat combos, and various Benedicts. I mention the effort because while despite appearing pedestrian originality-wise, almost all big breakfast chains in the downtown area serving similar options seem to have been deflated by curated brunch spots and at this point deserve applause for managing to find a link between sliced bread and a toaster. L'Universel can not only manage toast, but they offer pumpernickel at no extra charge too. 

Effort shows up in other ways. The beverage runners have a sixth sense about when your coffee's meniscus drops below two-thirds, always arriving no later to offer yet another refill. Waiters dance on a line somewhere between chatty friendly-ness and robotic efficiency I never knew existed. Every step of the restaurant/client process is timely without ever making you feel rushed. There's free WiFi. There's a giant plexiglass windowed wine rack. 

Don't fooled by the dimly lit pictures uploaded here, but otherwise thumbs-up emoji. Universel Déjeuner & Grillades is an ersatz club with real breakfast chops.
