WOj8nPos3R9IIf0Pyttd8g Oh Lulu, my sweet Lulu, five stars for you, darlin. 

FOOD: I went here on two occasions. First, for a lunch experience, in which I got the nicoise salad. I did not like it. Why did I give this place five stars if I did not like the nicoise salad? This is because I was just made aware that I am not a fan of nicoise salad, and that is no fault of Lulu's, just my own tastes run differently. Because I couldn't handle the strong sardine and anchovie taste doesn't mean that the eggs weren't boiled to perfection, the greens, beans, and tomatoes weren't crisp, fresh and beautiful, and it doesn't mean that the potatoes weren't seasoned perfectly and the tuna wasn't seared the exact rare that I adore. This salad did, in fact, accomplish all of these things - the flavor of anchovie and sardine was just too strong, and I wasn't aware at the time that this is the main staple of a nicoise salad. So, if you do like strong flavors or do happen to love nicoise salad, you probably can't get better. 

My friend got the petit filet braised in shallots and red wine reduction, with frites on the side. Absolutely flavorful and delicious, highly recommended. 

We shared The Moviestar appetizer, which is fried calamari with a spicy slaw and 'Asian love sauce', which is all amazing. I highly recommend this calamari with a spicy twist.

On the second occasion, I went here with some friends. One got the brei-stuffed half-chicken, with whipped potatoes (gorgeous, juicy and delicious), the other got the calamari stuffed with cream spinich and salmon (also really delicious, but if you're put off from the texture of calamari if it's not fried, you may not like this dish). 

I got the Moules (mussels), which is what they're famous for, I believe. They come three ways, and I chose moules Normande, which is mussels served in a flavorful thyme, mushroom and bacon bechamel. This is now one of my favorite dishes in the entire world. Not only was everything rich, creamy, flavorful, and complimented the mussels on every taste facet, but the mussels themselves were very high quality. Instead of getting some that are small, tough, or shrivled, these were all plump, juicy, tender and plainly put, perfect. I cannot think of anything that would make this dish better - it's stunning in its entirety.  As a side I ordered the braised fennel, which was an entire fennel bulb, split in half, and braised until brown and delicious. I soaked it in the leftover bechamel from my mussels, and it was a great finish.

SERVICE: Here's a contender. Service, while being polite and attentive, is very, very slow. If you are on a schedule, I would not count on keeping it if you go to Lulu's. This is one of those places where if you don't get an appetizer, the wait is very noticable. On the other hand, the food that they serve here is fresh, made to order, skillfully and perfectly done, with wonderful presentation, and I understand that that can take time, so I can't really count it against them. Just make sure you'll be able to extend your lunch hour if you go around then.

PRICE: This is going to surprise you - the prices are actually very reasonable, especially their lunch menu. They have moderate pricing for very fresh, well-prepared, and exquisit food. Fill yourself up with amazing mussels at lunch or dinner for $9, or $14 if you add sides. Burgers, apps, and small plates will run you $8-$14, and at lunch, the steaks are around $14 as well. Dinner, your price goes up with your selections to about $17-27, with the highest being the duck $30, and you get what you would at an 'upscale' restaurant in Charlotte for $35-$40 a plate.

OVERALL:

Food = delicous, intricate, and authentic
Service = slow for preparation, so make sure you have some time to kill
Price = truly amazing for what you get.

This place is a gem, I cannot wait to go back.
