WOj8nPos3R9IIf0Pyttd8g UPDATE: May 18, 2013

Took my buddy Steve (as a substitute for my soon to be ex-wife) as he's young and has NEVER had "real French Food" before. REALLY! Anyway, this time I went all out....getting the "classic" French fares of Escargot, French Onion Soup, a classic Fromage (cheese) dish as appetizers. He got a traditional Brie-stuffed Half-Chicken, herb roasted. I got Bistro-style Steak Frites. Desserts included Creme Brûle (Again, he's NEVER had it) and a Southern classic of Bread Pudding (with the French flair of caramel drizzle). 

Suffice it to say it was all OUTSTANDING. My buddy said it was in his TOP 5 best dinners of all time (he's only 30 and just got out of college so top end restaurants was never in his sights)! Great atmosphere, service, quality, and very, VERY reasonable in price!

This time around....5 Stars!

Original Review:

Went here based upon my Yelp buddy Nicole, and she was right, again! With my wife being French Canadian, it's hard to live up to the standards and expectations of her native Montreal, who obviously serves fantastic French fare.

So we go here after seeing Jersey Boys (FANTASTIQUE!) and started off with the seared Fois Gras. Now REAL Fois Gras IS expensive, and this little appetizer set us back $18. But it WAS worth it as the Fois Gras was creamy, succulent and utterly delicious as it was accompanied by crispy fennel, onions and mushrooms. Not to be outdone, we ordered the Ahi Tuna tartare appetizer special also, and that too did not disappoint.

All the entrees looked fabulous, and my wife chose their "famous" stuffed chicken with brie (the official name escapes me), and I had the bone-in port chop. Normally, I'm not a huge fan of the bitter kale veggie, but this one was seared with pancetta and it was very delicious! I surmise that they also did something "special" to the kale to take away its bitterness. But the "piece de resistance" was the crispy pork belly accompanying my pork chop. This is a hit or miss dish, and thankfully, here at Lulu, it was a BIG HIT! Very yummy! My wife LOVED the stuffed chicken too!

Dessert brought us a dual (milk and dark) chocolate mousse and a pear tart. The pear tart was the only "disappointment" of the evening as we were expecting something more than a piece of pear on top of an almond cake. But hey, it was at least tasty, but they could have done better with it.

Had 2 dessert wines as well to accompany our sweet delights. Since we brought our own wine, their $15 corkage was most reasonable.

All in all, this is a really good restaurant. I'd say it's comparable to Cafe Monte, perhaps a little more refined and more authentically French Bistro. But both are good.

Just be careful about the parking! Do NOT park in the VFW lot next door or you care will be towed.

Can't wait to go back!
