WOO81gScY3_VpaIfXFAKpw What a fantastic bargain for fine dining in Las Vegas! 

I am a big fan of cooking competitions on TV, so the idea of being able to see the students cooking in a big, wide open kitchen was too tempting to resist.

Dinner is now $16 for 3 dishes: 1 Starter, 1 Entree, and 1 Dessert. 
Initially, I was disappointed, because I had heard they used to offer 5 dishes. But it appears they simply adjusted the serving sizes to match typical restaurant portions, so it all evens out.

APPETIZERS:  Rainbow Beet Salad and Flatbread of the Day

My friend's salad was beautifully presented and looked quite appetizing, but apparently only 4 small beet pieces were included.  What a shame because I wanted a bite, but didn't want to eat 1/4 of his beets. 

My flatbread was a well-prepared mini pepperoni pizza. Quite tasty and lightly charred, just the way I like it.

ENTREES: Flat Iron Steak with Creamed Spinach and Beef Stroganoff with Spaetzle

My friend's steak was cooked perfectly and was delicious. The creamed spinach was quite light in the creaminess department, and when we inquired with our student server, he said in "gourmet cooking" they tend to "keep it a little tighter" on the creaminess.  Um, okay.  We have eaten at many quality steak houses in town and have never been served creamed spinach as "tight" as that.  Regardless, he was pleased with his entree on every other count.

I chose the Beef Stroganoff and would not hesitate to try it again. Tender beef strips, in a rich brown gravy, served with their phenomenal spaetzle, witha light drizzling of sour cream and a hint of julienne pickles. Perfectly balanced flavor on that plate!

DESSERTS: Bananas Foster and Panna Cotta

The bananas foster was amazing!  Served with house-made vanilla bean ice cream, which beautifully tones down the sweetness of all that carmelly goodness at the bottom of the dish. 

My Panna Cotta was a new experience for me, and I found it to be light and flavorful. Not crazy about the gelatenous texture, as I was expecting something more custardy. Still, it was a satisfying finale to a terrific meal, and the raspberry puree on the side was to die for! Unfortunately, there was very little of it on the plate. I'd love it if they added to their menu a dessert composed of their vanilla bean ice cream topped with that ridiculously yummy raspberry sauce!

Every foodie needs to try this place for a thoroughly enjoyable fine dining experience at coffee shop prices!
