X17gJz1zuPQescVK1lnQLA I came here for my friend and her sister in laws joint birthday party. There were a little over 20 of us including kids. They made the reservation in advance for us to play in two rooms and eat after. The kids took over the room and had a great time. I just watched but I think it's a cool concept and I would bring my younger cousins here for an hour of fun. 

The reason why I rated this place 2 stars is because of the food and service. I don't know if it is because of the party size or this is how things are usually but I wouldn't come back here for food or possibly anything. Considering this party was booked in advance i found it weird that they asked if we would be eating and didnt have the table prepared for 20 ppl. We also didnt have enough table space or seats and moved tables and got extra chairs ourselves. At 7:55 we were seated and it took forever for our waitress to take our order as she was assigned to too many people. It was unrealistic for her to handle such large parties by herself. I didn't receive my entree till 9:20 when almost everyone was done eating. There were about 2 ppl who received their food after me.  Even though I was one of  the first to order and the waitress said she punched my food in first. I did order an appetizer as well that came earlier but it still came after the majority of the party was served. We asked for water at the start of our meal and received it at the very end. It was just a baffling experience. 


The food was mediocre. Some people complained of their meals being bland especially the steak. I found the calamari okay nothing memorable. I felt the same about the cajun Alfredo. The best part of my meal was my long Island ice tea. Probably one of the best I've ever had. They said that the late food would be comped but it wasn't. the birthday girl ordered a medium rare steak and they gave her a dry medium well steak. She asked for medium rare and they brought out another dry steak. She didn't eat it and they said "your first steak that you sent back was comped but the second steak was discounted". It was ridiculous that the birthday girl had to explain what was wrong from start to finish for them to offer to comp her meal and room (After they already said they would) I told him my meal came almost last and nothing was done.

In my honest opinion I'd rec coming here to play and eat somewhere else. However there are better overall experiences in the burbs. Funny enough, I've seen this place online and I've been asking/telling ppl about it. I was planning to check this place out for a big family outing but this experience  definitely changed my mind.

2 stars because I enjoyed my drink and the kids had fun.
