4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw OH EM GE!!! No wait for brunch at this place on a Sunday made me super happy especially since I was pretty hungry and ready for some coffee. We were given the option to decide if we wanted outdoor or indoor seating. We opted for outdoor being that it was a beautiful morning after a rainy weekend in Las Vegas. Mon Ami Gabi is located inside the Paris Resort and Casino. 

We were seated by the edge of the patio with view to the Bellagio fountain. Our waitress came over and introduced herself. She also gave us a few recommendations being that it was our first time and specials that were not on the menu. Before I knew it I had my cup of coffee in front of me and was watching one of the few fountain shows from across the street. 

I ordered the french toast. I noticed that it said it was served with blueberries and warm blueberry syrup, topped with whipped cream.. well I was a bit scared. I am not a fan of blueberries being that I was always fooled as a child (blueberry pancakes are NOT the same as chocolate chips, mom!) I decided to go for it and face my fears especially since I knew already that it was going to be full of blueberries. Lemme tell you this, it was the most perfect french toast ever that I have had in a very long time. The sweetness was done to perfection, the blueberries themselves were perfect, everything about this meal was just magical and out of this world. The french toast was cooked just right. It makes me want to cry of happiness. I could eat this all day, errday and be a happy person forever! I would HIGHLY recommend this dish. I would skip out on waiting for the buffet line any day for this dish here in Vegas. Yes, yes I am in love with this french toast. 

It was a pleasant experience and it became one of my favorite places to be at. The atmosphere, super good food and the great view made me feel like I was not in sin city. 

They also serve lunch and dinner. I would love to come back and have a glass of wine and also try out their Steak Bordelaise, Steak Au Poivre, Creme Brulee, Duck Confit & Fingerling Potato and their Escargots De Bourgogne cause sure whyyyy not.. I love this place!!
