xaqW4NkmUCGRRjmLxiFJ6Q Just came back from this place. There were four of us, but two of us came a little later. The interior was nice and hip but it was also small and there were not a whole lot of seating area. There were two sets of seating area for four people and about three sets of seating area for two. We had to wait until this lady moved out of her spot from one of the four-seat tables but thankfully she did before the rest of us made it.

While we were waiting, a lady behind the counter greeted us and asked if it was our first time here. When we told her that it was, she asked if we want her to go through the menu. She went over them briefly, but we didn't learn anything special that we might not have known by looking through the menu. She also asked if we needed help with anything when we just sat there waiting for our friends but was cool with it when we told her we were waiting for two more people.

We ordered two Li'l Birds (spicier version for me), one Mother Nature, and one Mouthfull, with sugar cane juice for each of us. When we were having trouble deciding what to add in our juice, the lady gave us a small sample of strawberry sugar cane juice for each of us. Two of us ended up getting regular, while one got lemon and I got mint.

The savoury crêpes were, well, savoury, warm, delicious, and surprisingly filling. Not like that crêpe place I went to on Queen Street. The friend who ordered Mouthfull (a sweet one) said it was also good. The Li'l Bird I had with jalapeño tasted almost like a delicious slice of pizza with fluffier bread. The lady also told us how to remove the crêpe holder as she brought our crêpes so that we can eat them more conveniently. Sugar cane juices were also good. As someone who doesn't like overly sweet things, the strawberry sample was too sweet and I'm glad that I chose mint. It's not super sweet and the taste of mint is not overpowering. You can even see actual mint leaves in there! The gentleman who brought our drinks recommended that for the flavoured ones, we stir them a bit before we drink them.

Overall, friendly staff, cozy environment, and awesome taste makes this one of my best discoveries. The only reason why I didn't give a five-star rating was because it was a bit pricy for me (especially the drinks - the whole thing ended up costing over $60 for the four of us). I feel like the crêpes are about equal value fprthe money while sugar cane juices are not - they seem like slightly better-tasting sugar water. While this is a nice place to catch up with a few friends, it's definitely too small for a large group.
