xaqW4NkmUCGRRjmLxiFJ6Q Thanks to Yelp, I found this little place in the plaza of World on Yonge just north of Steeles.

I saw all the raving reviews, and happened to be in the area running errands and decided to drop in. The place is located on the outside, in the main parking area of World on Yonge. There is limited seating, 2 tables of 4, 2 tables with two seating and another section against the wall. So if your a very large party or expect a full dining experience this place is not for you - BUT I have to admit that this place is very definitely worth the stay and visit!

Upon entering you are happily greeted, and asked if you have been here before. If not, they walk you through how to order. They have a range of savory and sweet crepes with pre made combinations. If you are feeling a bit more adventurous or know your way around a crepe, then they will gladly put together a special combo just for you. 

They also sell freshly squeezed sugar cane (definitely recommended) where you can add an extra flavor shot inside ex mint or lemon (what we got).

I am not usually a fan of crepes, but I have to say this place pretty much exceeded all my expectations and then some.

The crepe comes out perfect, not too thick, not too thin. Strong enough to hold all the ingredients inside without breaking apart. You can watch them fill up your crepe with all the goodies - and fill it up they do. Upon first biting into it the savory flavors with the veggies and other ingredients was the perfect balance. 

I got the "Iron Chef" which consisted of Hungarian Salami, Black Forest Ham, Red Onions, Green Peppers, Green Olives, Spinach, Lettuce, Havarti Cheese,  with a dash of Mayo. The wifey got their special "Dr Seuss" which consisted of mushrooms, cheese and some other toppings I cant quite remember off the top of my head. We also got the sugar cane juice, one with a hint of lemon and the other with mint. The perfect balance to the savory crepes. 

The crepes were also very filling and you will not leave hungry from this place. 

I tend to gravitate to "simple" food, or as some would call it street food. I love finding little places that make simple things that are done well and not over the top, and this place is it. 

The crepes are served to you in a neat little wrapper. The wrapper is a bit stiff and thick so you can hold on to your hot crepe no issues. And the wrapper can slowly be "ripped" apart (its perforated) to help you make your way to the bottom of your crepe. Once you get to the end of the crepe, the pointed end happens to be sitting inside a small flattened wax cup. So as your eating, all the juices are neatly stored away in the cup and you can choose to drink it up or just throw it out. Either way I really appreciate this attention to detail as it was a very neat meal. They also provided some hand wipes, but these are not really needed as it was so well packaged that you could eat this while walking and no juices would leak out. 

I would definitely recommend this place and will be back again.
