xaqW4NkmUCGRRjmLxiFJ6Q One night my boyfriend and I were hungry and too lazy to cook so we went to Yelp to help us out. Yelp usually suggests the same places in my neighbourhood based on my location but we noticed something..this place Muncheez had 5 stars I was so confused I had never seen nor heard of this place in my life!

So we read some reviews, all amazing, both agreed that we'd never tried savoury crepes but we were willing to give them a shot so off we went to Muncheez! Which is by the way in that little new complex off Yonge area when you're headed south it's just before Doncaster/Golden Star :)

There's 20 minute parking outside or underground but if you're awful at underground garages like myself I'd take a chance and stick to the 20 minute because I had lots of trouble getting out of that my first time!

Anyhoo, when we made it in we were welcomed by the 2 guys that own the place, both really really nice, energetic and welcoming. When we told them it was our first visit they explained to us how everything worked and made some great recommendations, my boyfriend ended up ordering one of them! 

I got the little bird- it came with sliced chicken, avocodo, black olives and more goodness that I can't remember but the sauce was fantastic- I think it's a garlic mayo. My boyfriend got the breakfast one which was one of the recommendations. 

We've since been back a few times since and I've been with other friends- I got the big boy my second time, it was delicious but I can tell that the little bird is my go to :) Another thing is that they have a build your own that I think includes one meat one cheese and 3 veggies and it's regular price not like those places where you pay per item so that's another thing to make note of!

They also do fresh watermelon and sugar cane juice. So far we've tried watermelon and it was fantastic!

It's a really neat little place, there's not that many tables but we've never had a problem getting one. I also love the decor. They have a mini fence on the wall with locks on it like the bridge in Paris. Last time we went we brought one with our names on it- the owners also remember us, really great guys!

Can't wait to go back- I've been telling all my friends about it!
