xaqW4NkmUCGRRjmLxiFJ6Q Facility: Located in the Shop on Yonge plaza (on the inside stores, not in the mall). Parking is pretty sparse but on a Sunday afternoon we didn't have a problem finding a spot.

Inside, the establishment is TINY. Seats about 8 - 10 people (2 people tables and one 4 person table, but it's a squeeze) so I suppose it's meant more for take-out. Decor is cute but I really wish they had more seating. Tables have purse hooks which is nice. No washroom is visibly available, you'll have to go into the mall. The small space is probably what lost this place a star for me and took away from the 5-star experience.

CP24 is on mute in the corner and there is some light music in the background.

Food Quality & Price: Each crepe is priced between $8.50 - $12. They are NOT stingy on the toppings which I greatly appreciated. Hopefully they won't crank the prices up later or start going easy on the toppings. Stay strong, Muncheez! I was very pleased with the savory menu. Prices are reasonable and fair. We shared the Lil Bird sans olives and it was very pleasant but I would say that one crepe is enough for one person. Splitting it doesn't seem to be filling enough. The sweet crepe menu seems pretty boring and kind of repetitive. Most with Nutella, some fruit or nuts. Most creative was probably the El Paradiso (which I ordered) with Nutella, avocado and marshmellows. It was sublime! 

I also tried the Sugar Cane drink that other Yelpers have recommended. Things like mint or lemon are additional fees. I ordered mint in mine and wish there were more leaves in it. To me, the sugar cane drink is just a tad too pricey and I don't think I'll order it again. $6 not including taxes and additions is pretty steep. 

Oddly, there are a lot of deli meat options on the menu but at least they have a great "Make your own" option where you can choose your own protein, sauce and toppings. $8.50 is a smart pricepoint. It's good enough to profit, but not as greedy as other chains like Crepelicious or Demetres. Their price and heftiness keeps Muncheez competative. Crepes are folded in a "triangle" or "flattened cone" in side a cone cup with a flat cone cardboard layer which can be peeled at a dotted line. So eating the crepe on the go is NEAT AND TIDY.

Service: Was great. If I could grade it, it would be an A-. Slightly above expectations, but not exceptional. If you eat in, crepes are brought to your table (you don't have to go get it). The hostess will clean off the table if someone leaves. Service with a smile, mostly. I waited about 5 minutes for each of my crepes which is fair turn around time. Owner says hello and goodbye to everyone, so many people feel warm and welcomed. Several seem like repeat and returning customers.

Overall: I can definitely tell that the owner has thought many of the details through and carefully considered the perspective of his customers. He is also quite active on Yelp I believe, and most of the customers that come in are asked how they know about Muncheez. Everyone that was there when I was, answered Yelp (as did I). So I'm sure that the owner knows that Yelp is quite key to the success of his business. He also asks people to review Muncheez on Yelp. I didn't get a chance to ask the owner his name, but he was quite friendly to most people coming through the door. My husband and I are quiet, so it's fair to say that we slipped his radar. Nevertheless, I liked that they didn't necessarily know that I review a lot on Yelp because consistent experience is key.

It looks like Muncheez is starting out strong because the owner really cares about his business and it shows. I will definitely be returning and if my rating ever changes, I can come back and adjust it. Maybe they can even open up another location further east uptown. We are sorely missing good crepe places in Markham! 

Muncheez earns a solid 4 star out of 5 for being great for return business.
