xaqW4NkmUCGRRjmLxiFJ6Q This is 4.5 stars. I do not give out 5 stars lightly. I checked and there were only 5 others.

I don't like the location. Of course, I'd prefer it closer to my house, but Yonge and Steeles is often busy and it was hard to find parking but I do not hold this against them when reviewing.

I had a book club here and could not make it. I should have did more research because the place might seat 20 people at the most and our usual 7-12 people would have been separated and maybe waiting for seats but I heard it worked out as only 3 showed up which is too bad for the rest of them because this is great stuff.

For me, this is unique. Now that I think about it, I did have a Chinese flavoured crepe-like dish at Pacific Mall but this was a lot better. The restaurant is bright, modern, clean. The customer service is exceptional, very friendly. I like that they have hair nets and/or shaved their heads, but the three that worked when we went all had beards, but they were neatly trimmed so maybe beard nets were not needed.

We actually ordered ahead and were going to eat and drive at the same time, but since there where seats, we decided to relax and enjoy ourselves.

We had the vegetarian Madagascar, one of the signature crepes, and a sugar cane/ginger drink. I didn't mind spending $10.99 for a crepe but I thought $6.50 for a drink was a bit much. The drink was really good. I've had a lot of bubble tea and out of all the $5.00 plus I've spent on a drink, this was one of the best, definitely top one or two. It was not too sweet and very refreshing.

The crepe itself was very well done. The ingredients tasted really fresh and it was delicious. The experience was fun and different and I really want to try some of the other crepes because I really think they could taste quite wonderful. The urge to come back is a lot stronger than other places, where it's, yeah, "I'd go back if in the area, but maybe I should try some place new" versus "oh yeah, I remember that, yeah I'm excited, let's go back."

Yesterday, I ate at 100% Korean and that was chaos. This was confident competent clockwork from people who looked like they were enjoying and passionate about what they were doing. That is a nice vibe to have.

One of the few places that lived up to its yelp hype. I would definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone.
