4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw The first time I was planning a trip to Vegas, Yelp was but a twinkle in Messrs. Simmons' and Stoppelman's eyes, and curious trip-planning individuals, such as myself, turned to time-tested travel guide experts such as Frommers and Fodors.  

The former was my favorite, and HIGHLY recommended as THE place to grab a meal mid-Strip was Mon Ami Gabi, due to the good service, great food, and amazing view from the patio seats.  "Quintessential New-Age Vegas."  You sit at the foot of one of the mega-resorts (and miniature wonder-of-the-world replicas [the Eiffel Tower, in case you were wondering]) that crowd Las Vegas Boulevard, dine on great food, bask in the blazing desert sun, and stare at one of the most beautiful hotels (Bellagio) and water shows (Bellagio Fountains) on the Third Rock.  

Tip: while there is no bad time to dine, night time surely trumps daytime for magnificence of eye-catching beauty across the street, and up and down the boulevard.  Vegas at night is a miracle of human achievement. 

To date, I've been at least once on every single trip I've made to Vegas, no matter the premise for my being there.  Patio seating is non-reserved, but worth the wait.  I've never had to wait for more than an hour, and that was during prime time.

The food is good - definitely above average.  Escargot and one of the steak frites preparations are my go-to, but I've had many other things and nothing was bad.  Average at worst.  On this occasion, I had the steak frites au poivre, and it was cooked as requested, tender, flavorful and filling.  The fries are nothing to write home about.

The service is always professional and consistent.  Meets expectations, but is not quite as good as you would prefer for the price.

But, really, the price is reasonable for the combination of quality of food, fantastic view, good service, and the fact that this is VEGAS.  Meaning here, expensive is as cheap as it gets, and goes up from there.

Food = 4/5
Facility = 4/5
Service = 3/5
Ambiance = 6/5
Value = 3/5
