xcmmTXhuMx2fZF2Bt69F4w SETTING:
Located in a quiet residential area. The restaurant is of small size in a cozy renovated house. Very quaint. Mostly casual, but could also be slightly dressy.

FOOD:
Everywhere I looked, there were mussels! This establishment might as well be a gym! Bad workout joke? Don't worry I got plenty of those here. More reps, please. 

Literally every table had a rather sizable plate of mussels that came with a small bowl of fries (the Moules Frites). It was clear that this was their signature dish. I succumbed to the peer pressure. I knew I had to get my own mussels to avoid unwanted attention like a scrawny kid experiences on his first day at the fitness center. 

It was a sight to see at Point Brugge. There were all the types of characters you would expect. There was the guy who came alone on a mission, with intense focus eating his mussels. There was the annoying guy--a regular--who was telling a new patron that he was eating his mussels wrong and not getting the full benefit of the mussels if he didn't scoop the sauce up with the shell, slurping in the mussels in one smooth motion. Oh, and there were also the people chatting and taking selfies (#musselsonmussels) and pictures of each other while barely even touching their mussels. 

For my workout of the day, I opted for the classic white wine sauce in which the mussels were resting in. It seemed like most patrons went with this one, and now I know why. Shallots, garlic, and light cream, oh my! The sauce was so good I asked for more bread to dip in it. There was no shortage of mussels on the plate, easily enough to have someone "work in" with you if you are not as hungry. If you go this route, it's a great idea to share an appetizer as well. Of course, many ordered their own Moules Frites. You could see the sweat on some foreheads because they were definitely getting a workout stretching their stomachs. You could see it in their eyes, hear their grunts, trying to push through it. One more, one more! 

The small bowl of fries (frites) came with a garlic mayo kind of dip. So crispy and delicious with the dip! I loved alternating between the moules and then with the frites and then some bread dipping. I had that circuit down pat.   

SERVICE:
Staff was polite and seemed very busy. They were not too accessible since the restaurant was at full capacity, but would come at least once to check on us. 

IMPRESSIONS:
Large portions for moderate price. It is seafood, afterall, so it's not cheap. But if you love mussels, you need to come here to get your gains. It's what most people come here for. The place is small, so be prepared to wait a little bit.

PS: Let me know when they have a membership available for this gym.
