xcmmTXhuMx2fZF2Bt69F4w I dragged my husband to dinner here a couple months ago. Though I could tell he was pessimistic (he doesn't hide it well), it ended up being one of our favorite restaurant experiences since we've moved to Pittsburgh. Considering the number of amazing restaurants here, I think that's saying something!

We came here on a weekend night and actually didn't have a very long wait. Maybe 30 minutes? The restaurant has a nice atmosphere - overall dimly lit with bright little lights shining directly above each table. We were seated at a spacious booth in the elevated portion of the restaurant toward the back. I liked the fact that I had a nice view of the hustle and bustle at the bar and within the front of the restaurant. Our waitress was great. She was friendly and available when needed without being overbearing. I think this combination of skills is hard to achieve as a waitress and hard to find when dining out.

All of our food was incredible. However, the star of the meal, of course, was the mussels. I was going to order the classic white wine sauce but am so happy that my husband suggested the more unusual red curry. Oh. Wow. There are no words to describe how delicious these mussels were. Now, please consider that we both went into this meal unsure if we even really liked mussels or not. We inhaled our shared pound and a half portion, probably both thinking that we had to eat faster than the other to get as many as we wanted.

The larger portion of mussels comes with a side of Brugge Frites, or fries as those of us from 'Murica call them. Though fries are a pretty commonplace thing for a restaurant to serve, these fries were spectacular. Plus, thanks to a college roommate with Belgian family, I am a fan of mayo and fries and therefore really enjoyed the accompanying basil mayonnaise. 

We also ordered Crab Cakes, which were delectable (sorry, running out of synonyms for "incredible"), and a Point Burger. I was the pessimistic one when it came to the burger, but my husband wanted to order it since he was concerned the mussels wouldn't be filling enough. Well, I was proven wrong as the burger was just as good as everything else, and he was proven wrong when it came to how filling everything ended up being.

For some reason, something possessed us to order dessert as well. I really wanted to try the ice cream with chocolate sauce and our waitress insisted we try another, which I believe was a flourless chocolate cake. As you might guess from the rest of this review, dessert was crazy-good. I actually enjoyed the ice cream more than the cake and was tempted to lick the remaining sauce from the bottom of the bowl.

Between all this food and a beer, I felt like I was going to die from over eating. But if I had died, it would've been worth it, knowing that I had gone out after eating one of the best meals of my life.
