xcmmTXhuMx2fZF2Bt69F4w Like many Pittsburgh restaurants, Point Brugge gets overhyped and overpraised because there isn't much competition. It's a decent enough neighborhood joint, but the food--while ranging from pretty good to meh--can't make up for lousy service.

My SO asked for a beer recommendation from the bartender while we were waiting for a table. (Note that you will probably have to wait if you come here, and it will be awkward, because there is nowhere to wait unless you can get a seat at the bar, which you will also have to wait for. Bottom line: you will wait.) The bartender immediately recommended one that was a special, to which SO replied  "Sure, sounds good." Nothing out of the ordinary...until the bartender reached underneath the counter and handed him an already-poured beer, before immediately turning around to cross off that beer name on a chalkboard and walking away.

So she was trying to get rid of the last beer, I get it. But the beer was warm, and relatively flat. It had been sitting there a bit--the glass wasn't even full.  That's not something that a bar named one of the  "Best 20 bars in Pittsburgh" should be doing, and that's absolutely not something a restaurant that prides itself on its beer selection should be doing. It irks me that this bartender couldn't even try to be subtle about it. If you're going to hustle customers, maybe be better at doing the actual hustling? 

The rest of our meal was decent enough--my mussels were pretty good, in fact, and were the highlight. The service did not improve, however, which is why I don't feel bad about giving it 2 stars. The servers literally just look and act like random people who walked off the streets--I get that it's a small place with not much space, but having to listen to them stand around talking wasn't particularly pleasant, and our server was visibly annoyed when we asked him questions. It also didn't feel very clean--our table wasn't, and seeing employees' personal items displayed on a shelf in the middle of the restaurant is downright bizarre. 

If you can get here on a less crowded night, it might be worth it...just don't expect much in the way of hospitality. The fact that people are willing to wait an hour in line for this place isn't a testament to its quality, but rather to the lack of other options in this category.
