xeFVRUjxorxjO_qjX8FNdw TLDR: Good place, bit expensive, nice for special outings but perhaps not your everyday lunch option.

Location: Easy to find just west of Mississauga and Dundas. Always lots of parking since most of the little boutiques there don't get much traffic. 

Food: The first time that I was here, I got the Seafood Dill (or something along that line). It was really good to be honest, and not a bad value at $16 or so. Pretty filling, excellent sauce, and light on the gut. This time, they had a Schnitzel Fest (mid-August to mid-September); in addition to having a bunch of mostly meat entrees that they don't normally have in the $17-21 range, you could also pay $28 for one of those plus goulash / soup of the day and a dessert (choice of Apple Strudel, Linzer Torte, and some chocolate torte whose name I do not remember). A good value when you consider the value of that soup is $5 alone, and the dessert could be just as much if not more, so as long as you got something over $18, you were getting a good deal. It was a little peculiar that on the day that we were there (a Monday afternoon), they were out of both goulash (one of the two options for the soup on this Schnitzel Fest thing) and sweet potato fries... As far as the food goes, I got the Apricot Schnitzel with a Cream of Carrot with Curry Soup and the Linzer Torte. The schnitzel came with steamed veggies (zucchini, carrot, asparagus, some white root thing that frankly I have no idea what it was) and roasted potatoes, as well as an apricot cognac sauce on top. Soup was very flavourful, good texture (little gritty), and fairly filling. The meat was well-cooked (not deep-fried), and the potatoes were excellent. A minor critique is that some potatoes were harder and seemed a bit undercooked; this would not have been as noticeable if they were all of that consistent hardness. Steamed vegetables were well done, if not that flavourful. The apricot sauce is light and sweet but not overly so. That being said, I'm not sure that it was much of a complement either than perhaps to mask any potential dryness of the meat (a little but well done overall). The torte was alright. I don't typically eat fancy cakes, so let that stand as a disclaimer. I found it to be a bit dry and hard. The raspberry was relatively minor and not a dominant flavor. The sauce (which included three raspberry hearts...) was good and helped to mitigate some of that, but frankly the cake was so dense that it didn't even really soak up the sauce if you dragged it through. 

Price: Perhaps a bit steep. The presentation of the food is very good, but as with most expensive places, it's totally non-functional. Like putting the schnitzel on top of the potatoes was pointless because I had to take it off to eat anyway. The value of the raw ingredients for what I had (for the main course) couldn't have been anymore than $12 (pork cutlet + a few veggies and taters), but it was a $21 pricetag. That soup probably wasn't worth $5 either. I have no idea what was in that cake, so I can't comment on that. 

In my opinion, it is difficult for any place where an entree exceeds $18 (+/- $2) to get 5 stars because if I'm paying that much, it better be really good (exceptions include steakhouses). Certainly this is a good restaurant, and the food is pretty good, but as some others have noted, sometimes the flavours are too light to be memorable. It's like the difference between being just consistently above average and being great. Service is fine; our guy seemed pretty new, so he got confused about a few things; no biggie though. Also note that it can sometimes get a bit loud during peak hours.
