xeFVRUjxorxjO_qjX8FNdw This is a well established restaurant serving up brunch, Austrian influenced dinners, and a lot of great desserts.  I really want to give this a higher rating as the food does taste good, desserts are excellent, and the servers are overwhelmed but the kitchen pacing and incredibly odd kitchen delivery was truly sub-par.  If you're here just for their cakes, it's a good solid 4 Star... but don't expect good service unfortunately.

On a Sunday brunch time, this place was quite full with at least 90% of the tables filled.  I do recommend reservations if you try to come here during brunch.  It is a small space (before their reno) and quaint.  The tables are quite close together so not only are you sharing seating space, you're also sharing you're conversation... just FYI.

They have a limited brunch menu which touches more on the savoury than sweet.  You have everything from Eggs Benedict, omelettes, sandwiches, and a few crepes.  They do have specials which has a pasta, soup, warm salad, and 2 entrees.  The prices are fair... most items are sitting around $9 and a few bigger items like the entrees are $18.  Most of us found an item to try.

The concern is the kitchen service... the wait staff is harried and stressed.  It's really obvious on their face as they all look like they're going to have a heart attack shortly.  It takes a while to gain anyone's attention to order ... even MUCH longer to get your food.  Though you do get some pieces of bread for the wait, it took over 40 minutes to get our dishes.  The sad fact was that a table of 2 sat AFTER us and they got their dishes before us by at least 10 minutes.  This was incredibly disappointing to see. I can't blame the wait staff for delivering non-existent food badly or slowly.  Their kitchen service is their problem.

As for the tastes, it wasn't bad ... thats the sad part.  They may not be terrible cooks but they don't know how to cook en masse for a restaurant.  I had the soup and warm salad. I enjoyed it... they were generous with the cheese and portions.  

As for the desserts, they were wonderful... don't order from the dessert menu but instead walk up to the glass enclosure of sugary delights.  Apple strudel is rife with tons of apples, raisins, and hazelnuts with a nice crispy phyllo crust.  Their Toblerone Mousse cake is one of their most popular and deservingly so... a nice chocolate sponge cake topped with 3 types of chocolate mousse (white, milk and dark).  It's not overly sweet and very creamy.

We picked up a box of their florentines... these are quite amazing.  A nice soft cookie base then topped with apricot preserves, a few spices and tons of sliced almonds with lots of caramel.  To top it off,  dipped in dark chocolate.  

I wish I could give it 4 stars... I'm hoping with their new renos, they have a larger kitchen AND more people to run it... or at least someone who knows how to run a restaurant kitchen.
