XgkTmVrlHHO5g96AfOAfpw Wanted to try the latest Yves Carreau creation. Started with traditional cocktails, 4 in total, all mixed beautifully. Crusty house baguette with an herb/honey type butter that was delicious. Surprisingly the restaurant itself was empty - Let's go Pittsburghers, new restaurant concept / new menu / same great chef!! Service was friendly, we sat at the hi-tops in the bar area and the staff walked us through the whole menu at my request.

CHÈVRE CHAUD Roasted Goat Cheese | Bacon | Honey | Rosemary
A generous square of goat cheese baked with a bacon party wrapped around it. Tasty yes, potential to be better, yes. Very greasy with underdone floppy bacon around it. And I wasn't sure how to eat it... so I spread it on the complementary baguette, that worked well. Rosemary flavor was hard to find - coming from the girl who uses way too much rosemary at home.

BOURGUIGNONNE Tartine
Braised Beef | Caramelized Onion | House Made Garlic & Herb Boursin | Baguette
Generous portion as well, 2 long sliced on the bias hunks of baguette topped with the above. The caramelized onions were a little less than caramelized but still a delicious accompaniment to the beef and boursin. 

SALADE LYONNAISE
Bacon Lardons | Poached Egg | Croutons
I'm not even a salad person, but this was one of the best salads I've ever had and I WILL get this next time. It has a very light and fresh vinaigrette dressed on it. Mix in the egg and go to town!

LAPIN CHASSEUR
Rabbit Leg Confit | Boar Sausage and Wild Mushroom Ragu | Ratatouille
Exotic meats are a favorite of mine lately, so when presented with the opportunity to get both rabbit and boar I jumped on the opportunity. This rabbit leg was phenomenal. It was cooked perfectly, tender, crispy and so much flavor, I'd order it again just for that. I couldn't find the wild boar and mushroom parts, perhaps it was left off by accident. The veggie ratatouille had eggplant, green and red peppers in it.

All in all, I'll go back. Everything else on the menu looks delicious and I am interested in trying the braised veal and lamb. Also looking forward to breaking into a bottle of French red wine ASAP. Service was good, knowledgeable suggestive staff, excellent bartenders, plates were coursed well, plating was impeccable, temperatures were on point, dessert was offered but politely declined, prices reasonable. Having never been to Sonoma in all the years it was here, I'm glad I went to try something different. See you again.
