XI3iNUgChOfJk5ppjKVEQQ I came here wit two friends last night for my friend's B-Day and it exceeded my expectations. I couldn't remember if I had been here before or their sister restaurant Bocata but once I stepped in I realized I hadn't been here before. Turns out I went to Bocata and that was also delicious but that will be another review.  I really liked the decor at Barocco. It's a small resto with candles everywhere. It's romantic but also a good place to go with friends.  I would come back. So I started with a Truffle Caesar which is made up of Russian Standard vodka , Scorpion silver Mezcal, celery bitters, red pepper, and truffle paste. It was garnished wit pickled beans and iberico ham. My friends didn't like their drink though. One had a strawberry drink that tasted of soap (perhaps there was too much thyme in the drink) lol and my other friend had a grappa cocktail. I don't know the names of their drinks but I did end up finishing my friend's strawberry drink because let's be real no drink should be left unfinished! We shared one appetizer. It was called panzanella and crispy squid. It's made of n'duja ( "spicy, spreadable pork salumi from Italy. It is typically made with parts of the pig such as the shoulder and belly, as well as tripe, roasted peppers and a mixture of spices"- thank you wikipedia) spread on a slice of baguette bread with Stracciatella di bufala cheese and deep fried squid on top and garnished with cucumber and celery. It was delicious and it had a kick to it. My friend made a comment that it was good but it was something he could make at home and not sure if it was worth $24. We then shared three mains because sharing is caring and we wanted to try as many dishes as possible. We had the duck magret, beef shortribs and paella for 1. The duck magret was delicious and fatty. I've only had good duck magret once before and after that it's been one disappointment after another but this time it did not disappoint. The shortribs were also delicious and fell off the bone. What impressed me the most was the paella. I haven't had really good paella in Montreal but this one was so delicious. My friends too were surprised and we only ordered it because the waitress said it was one of the only dishes that have consistently been on the menu since the opening of the restaurant. FYI the shortribs and the ribeye have also been on the menu since inception. The paella has squid, scallop, chorizo and blood sausage. We were worried that it would be very seafoody because when we walked in the resto it did smell unpleasantly like fish but apparently the smell was due to people ordering the islandic cod. We didn't order dessert. We were actually quite full. I felt it was all worth it.
