XKPosZx2j4RHcZ8Ewdwj0A My rating of Lemeac is based on six visits: dinners (solo and with my wife) and brunch. So why, with so many good restaurants to choose from in Montreal, do we return to Lemeac? It's an exceptional restaurant and we've never been disappointed.

The menu offers French bistro standards, including offal dishes; at least six fish choices; steak and frites and mussels and frites; and many others. All our food was expertly prepared: my omelet at brunch, cooked in the French style, was perfect -- one of the best omelets I've had anywhere. An order of seared mackerel, served with white beans and thin slices of chorizo, was exceptional. Steak (ordered rare) was perfectly seared on the outside and properly rare. And the pommel frites are great.

The place has a great vibe: there's nothing trendy about it, but it's a vibrant place. We like the fact that there's a real mix of people in the dining room: couples out for the night; groups of friends; families with children. Lemeac is a real neighborhood place and it's buzzing. One night we were there and it was snowing heavily; inside Lemeac, we and everyone else was having a good time despite the weather. Though the restaurant is energetic, the noise level isn't overwhelming.

We've had very good service, though on a recent Saturday night our server wasn't quite as attentive as we've come to expect (then again, the restaurant was very busy). Some of the staff speaks English quite well if your French isn't up to snuff, and there's an Enlgish-language menu.

The wine list has some good choices on it -- there good selections from among French, Italian, and other vintages and we found that our servers knew the wines and could talk about them knowledgably. A small, but very good, selection of wines by the glass, including some sparklers. Great cocktails.

On one visit, we were staying at the Ritz. I was chatting to the concierge and he asked if we needed any dinner reservations. I told him we were fine and that we were going to Lemeac. He was surprised that, as Americans, we knew about it and nodded and said, "Wow: that's a place that I'd go!"

This is one of our favorite restaurants in Montreal. You can find places that are trendier and more well-known, but Lemeac seems like one of those place that's been around forever (though it opened in 2001). You can see why it continues to be so popular, though, once you go there. And, like us, you're likely to come back again and again.
