XnJeadLrlj9AZB8qSdIR2Q Joel Robuchon is a 3 Michelin star restaurant located inside of the MGM Grand hotel/casino.  If you plan on dining on the weekend, good luck on making reservations at the last minute.  They are always booked months in advance.  I finally made reservations on a weekday which was slightly easier even though the dinner times were still very limited.  That is how you know that this restaurant is good!  Surprisingly, the place does not make you leave a deposit while making reservations.  Instead, they will give you a call a day or two in advance to confirm.

Walking into Joel Robuchon was like walking into a princess's home.  Holy crap!  The place is gorgeous!  Whoever that decorated the place needs a raise ASAP!  In the main dining room, there is a humongous sparkly chandelier, and the whole place is tastefully decorated in silver, gold, black, purple, turquoise, velvet, flowers, and is bling bling!  Damn!

We were immediately seated and without having to request this in advance, my bf and I were led to a private room off to the side where there were two other tables.  This room was dimly lit, had a romantic atmosphere, had real plants growing, and the table decorations matched the room.  We were kind of speechless the whole time because the place is just breathtaking and beautiful.  Of course I was provided with a stool to place my purse on.  Our waiter then took down our drinks orders.  Remember, if you don't request tap water specifically, you will be given bottled water and be charged for that.  We were then presented with a menu and we knew ahead of time that we were not planning on doing the Menu Degustation which is 16 courses and would be +$430 per person.  We did this at Guy Savoy in Caesars Palace and thought we were going to explode from being so full!  Instead, we chose the menu that allowed us to choose 2 appetizers, 2 main courses, 1 dessert, and seductive sweets at the end.  I like how this place has different menus and different prices depending on your budget.

We started off with the Amuse-Bouche and that was a toasted quinoa ball with fresh quinoa puree, tomato, and basilic!  Then came a cherry gazpacho with ricotta cheese sherbet, and pistachio.  This wasn't Campbell's that's for sure.  Next, a waiter came by and introduced us to some fancy butter and olive oil.  Another staff came by and brought a huge bread cart where we could select whatever we wanted.  Each bread had a different and unique flavor, but don't get too greedy and stuff your face in with bread otherwise you won't have room for dinner!  There was one that was so good and had cheese on the inside.  The tiny croissants were delicious too!

Appetizers that we ordered:

1.  An egg stuffed with crab meat on the inside and topped off with caviar on top.
2.  Some creamy white soup that looked like it had peas in it (sorry, my picture of the menu did not come out and I can't remember the name of the appetizer.)
3.  Truffled langoustine ravioli with simmered green cabbage.
4.  Foi Gras.

All of the appetizers were delicious. No complaints there!  I especially enjoyed the ravioli and the foi gras which was just perfect.  It was not overwhelmingly sweet.

The first main course were the marinated black cod was served in miso and had daikon and yuzu mousseline and the pan-fried sea bass with a lemongrass emulsion, and stewed baby leeks.  The second main courses were the grilled lobster with green peas and baby bok choy and the ribeye with mashed potatoes.  Both were soooo good!

For dessert, my bf ordered the Le Chocolat et les cerises griottines, comme une "Foret Noire" which is chocolate and brandy soaked cherry griottine "Black Forest" cake.  I ordered the La Sphere de sucre souffle, sorbet cremeux au citron jaune, basilic Thai en gelee which in English is Bubble sugar sphere with creamy lemon sorbet and Thai basil gelee.  The presentations of both of the desserts were so pretty that it was hard to just dig into them.  They were like art on a plate.  Flavorwise, I thought the black forest cake was okay and nothing spectacular.  The lemon sorbet on the other hand was outstanding!  It wasn't too sweet and the lemon and thai basil worked extremely well together!

Next, the large dessert cart came around.  There were mini macaroons, cupcakes, brownies, and etc. on it.  Everything looked delicious, but we were extremely full by this time.

After dinner, we were handed a to go bag with a nicely wrapped baked good on the inside. 

Compared to Guy Savoy which is a 2 Michelin star restaurant, I felt that Guy Savoy was better at giving the customer the best fine dining experience because staff jumped at the opportunity to personally escort you to the restroom & back to your seat.  They even pulled your seat out for you!  Joel Robuchon's staff did not do that.  Instead, they pointed at the direction of the restroom and they didn't care to escort or pull your chair out for you.  Foodwise, Robuchon's dishes taste better than Guy Savoy's.
