XnJeadLrlj9AZB8qSdIR2Q I'm going to keep this simple because most yelpers covered a lot of ground already.  First off, there was mention about the limo ride and wonderful walk through the MGM Mansion.  I would definitely recommend you opt for this just to experience the gorgeous and forbidden secret world of the MGM- it was such a delightful sight!  This will probably be your only opportunity to ever see this area.

Upon arriving to the restaurant, my BF and I were seated at a very romantic and intimate corner of the restaurant.  The decor of this place is really breathtaking and I was in awe with the different color contrasts that they chose to highlight every single feature in the room.  It really complimented the color of flowers they had blossoming everywhere, as well as the plate settings throughout.  Joel Robuchon pays attention to detail and it's definitely reflected throughout  your experience, covering every aspect of your senses.

I had the 16 coursed meal.  This is going to take some time because there are a lot of things that come out, but I enjoyed every minute of it.  Each dish that was placed in front of me was like a piece of art for me to swallow up and take in.  The food had a lot of interesting flavors with unusual ingredients, but it worked.  I believe they recently changed the menu I had so it'd be pointless for me to go through each dish.  Just know that the price of the 16 coursed meal is like an admission to an art museum.  You're not only paying for food, but also an aesthetic detailed manipulation of something with such ordinary significance.  The craftsmanship of the chefs are really reflected on each dish presented.

Overall, Robuchon is definitely worth experiencing at least once in a lifetime.  Service is on point and also pays attention to every single detail of a guest's whole dining experience.  The bread, dessert, and cheese carts were beautifully put together and offered a wonderful selection.

Would I go back?!  Sure will!  Robuchon is a 5 and much deserved because everything about this place is beautiful -and who doesn't like looking at beautiful things??  Moreover, they made me feel like I belonged, even if I really didn't. Love.
