XnJeadLrlj9AZB8qSdIR2Q Chuck Norris stared at me my whole meal, and I found it a little distracting.  Okay, he wasn't actually there, but they had a picture of him in a gaudy silver frame facing me from four feet away.   The frame was nestled in between a ridiculously over the type pink ribbon extravanganza easter display.  It's like they said - hmm, we have a beautiful Easter set up, but it's too tasteful.  Let's add pictures of Chuck Norris and Kirstie Alley.  And more ribbon.

That should give you some sense of the aesthetic of the place.  It's over the top.  Way over the top.

The food follows suit.  That's what makes it awesome, and disappointing. Awesome in that you'll have twenty five different types of bread to choose from, thirty chocolates, an amuse bouche that's crazy caviar, aspic, crab, yummy.  Disappointing because frankly sometimes there's just too many flavors on your plate.  It's like the chef just can't stop.  It's like he showed every dish to some Vegas person in charge who said, hmm, that dish is pretty good already, but why don't you add five more ingredients.

The sommellier was bit of a jerk too.  I asked for a bottle that was light, dry, crisp and could go with lamb or chicken and was under $65.   (They had at least 4 per page of their 25 page wine list).  He mentions a $90 and $105.  I reminded him of my price range and then  he said, "Yes, but these are much superior.  The others aren't worth it". Really? Then why do you have them?  I get it - they have a lot of expensive wines that are amazing, and they want to encourage me to splurge and expand my horizon. But come on, I mean, I've asked the same question at Per Se and Le Bernardin, and gotten them to give me great recommendations in the same range. 

The rest of the staff was lovely.  The service is excellent.  And generally the meal was really pleasant.  I'd have given it five stars even with the jerky wine guy. BUT, the food just seemed to disappoint - every course was interesting, but there was always something that felt like too much.  Like Chuck Norris, it's just a little distracting. With decorations, I don't mind the extra, but with my food, sometimes 6 or 7 ingredients in a dish should be enough.
