XnJeadLrlj9AZB8qSdIR2Q Ding-ding-ding!  Are you ready to rumble at the MGM Grand?  Ready for three hours of dining at the Joel Robuchon?  We sure were!

The first round started slow...my Sig Other and I bobbed and weaved through the the extensive menu.  JR threw out multiple combinations, 2 Apps - 2 Entrees - Dessert, 2 Apps - 1 Entree - Dessert, etc. . and watch out for the haymaker Degustation uppercut which will give you a tasting of all the skills of JR.  The wine menu was also extensive with assistance from the corner man as necessary!

After a dizzying first encounter with the multiple page menu in which we both selected the 2-1-D combo, Round 2 started with the "Amuse" and the +20 item Bread Cart in which the Server described in great detail each item.  We were in a daze and managed to request..the one with Sea Salt, the one with Basil, the one with Bacon, the Croissant.  Of course they had names for each of these but who could remember the intricate names, thus we requested by ingredient.

Now that we were warmed up, the first appetizer came at us.  My wife had the Salmon Tartare with Caviar and I had the Foie Gras.  Both were head-shaking excellent.  I wanted to lick the plate but opted not to as I wanted to make it to the next Round without being walked out of the ring.  Round 3 was over and stars were swirling around our heads from the goodness.

The next appetizer came at us with a vengeance...wife took the first punch with Kaboucha Squash Soup and I took an uppercut with the trio of Langostine Ravioli.  Nice one - two JR.

Fifth Round Main Event had me with the mmm..mmm..good Spiny Lobster while the wife had the Black Eye Cod.  Great sauces along with great presentation.  The presenters coordinate the delivery of dishes to the table and simultaneously lift the glass warming covers at the same time.  Nice artistic presentation while also excellent job descrivbing the dishes in depth.

We still weren't done yet and JR tried to sweeten the fight by bringing out the dessert.  These were beauties as I had the Chocolate Raspberry Forest looking Dessert in a tilted wine glass while wifey had the Lychee Sorbet with Coulis.  Both were artistically done.

JR was still not done with us and decided to bring out another cart...yes the dessert cart with small bite sized eclairs, lollipops, macaroons, tartlets, chocolates,...we were almost in a food concussion from the combinations thrown at us by the gifted folks at JR.

The last punch that knocked us out for good and done for the evening was a gift wrapped cake in a Joel Robuchon bag.  Since we were flying home the next day...the TSA folks X-rayed the cake for hidden objects...I kept thinking..hands off our cake!

Great job Joel Robuchon and we look forward to a rematch in the future!  Expensive engagement but worth the fight.  You have a great fight team!
