XnJeadLrlj9AZB8qSdIR2Q Joel, if I could leave you 100 star review, that would be more accurate. This continues to be my favorite. From the minute you are collected in the gorgeous gold car, it feels like a different world. 

You enter via the gated entry and it is absolutely stunning. The private garden is breathtaking. The entry is quiet and understated. 

Our last visit was in the walled patio and we loved it. This time, we had a comfortable corner booth and it was a surprisingly different experience. We could watch smooth and seamless serving presentations and delight of other diners. It was much more entertaining and engaging. The service is perfection and it's lovely to see how this is achieved. 

As for the food and wine, it is simply spectacular!  

The chilled lobster in a refreshing light sweet sour sauce was my favorite dish of the night. Three stunning pyramids of lobster in a light glaze. 

We were able to try parts of the brilliant vegetarian menu as well. We all tried the perfectly poached egg with a light spinach and cheese sauce. Perfect with the bacon bread. 

For my main dish, I went the the lobster and it was so perfect, it actually made me giddy. That and the two glasses of champagne....

We also tried the rich and complex rib eye with bone marrow and perfectly prepared black cod. Everything is so expertly prepared that each element is breathtaking. The warm dishes come out in glass domes. Each dish arrives and is presented at the correct temperature. The mash potatoes are so smooth and silky, they melt in your mouth. 

The stunning desserts all all presented in a unique and magical way. I has the chocolate and cherry extravaganza and it was a work of art. It looks like a colorful magic mushroom in a sideways wine glass on a square plate of gold Murano glass. There were tiny green "moss" covered balls that are actually steeped cherries. Underneath the mushroom are crispy buttery cookie bits. All of the desserts are spectacular and delicious but the cherry mushroom is out of this world!

The bread cart is beautiful and each bread is unique and bold. Everything is so unusual and so beautiful. They bring the bread cart around frequently and are happy to bring anything you could possibly want. There is also a wonderful domed butter and olive oil for the wonderful breads. We tried as many as possible.

We are all dessert fanatics and the dessert cart made three trips to our table. Only when we couldn't possible eat another bite, dinner came to a close. There are beautiful tiny tarts like jewels, chocolates and jellies of every imaginable kind. Even tiny pops of chocolate and marshmallow. Amazing.

The charming chef greeted us and we were able to fawn over his skills. Before we left we were presented with gift bags with tea cake. Everything and anything you could possibly think of. Almost three hours later, we made our way, winding through the Baccarat tables and beautiful art work. There was a tray, with more champagne, while we waited for our car. 

This is a beautiful and unique experience. I love the elegant dining room room with a bit of whimsy and drama to remind you, you're still in "over the top" Las Vegas.

I can't wait for our next visit. This is a spectacular experience and you will remember it forever.
