XnJeadLrlj9AZB8qSdIR2Q Try this restaurant if you get the chance.  Even a sliver of a chance.

Near the end of the meal, my wife asks me how I would rate the desert - L'Orange which is an orange infused with caramel jus, etc - and I said, after a moment of thought, it's a five.  She points out that I have rated every course we had a five, and that is the first time I have ever done that.

My meal was:

The amuse bouche which is all it's cracked up to be - crab, caviar and hint of fennel.  The subtlety is beautiful and the balance pitch-perfect.

I choose four breads from the cart - bacon, herb brioche, cheese brioche and saffron baguette.  They toast them and bring them back.  Terrific breads, the herb brioche in particular was flaky and light and wonderful.

The famous La Châtaigne soup.  I always worry about French soups which are often too rich for me.  This was rich, but I really enjoyed it - and the couple of whole chestnuts resting on the bottom.  A feast of textures and tastes.

A King Crab salad served with avocado and several other accompaniments.  Like many of the dishes, this was so well balanced and really reintroduced you to the beauty of the individual ingredients - the vinaigrette was bright and really drew out other flavors.

Veal Cheeks in a Thai broth with couscous.  The broth was deeply flavored with lemongrass and reminded me of how wonderful it can be.  The veal was very rich, and the dish scrumptious overall.

L'Orange, as I mentioned above, was terrific and though sweet a nice ending to a rich (but not too rich) meal.

The Mignardise carte was terrific.  I read in a few reviews people were or felt limited in what they could try - I had about 8 or 9 and loved each one - after I choose what I wanted, I asked if there were others I shouldn't miss, and our server suggested a couple extra to try.  The passionfruit and raspberry chocolates were standouts, and the ginger and orange peel also were great.

My wife eats gluten-free - and there were great about this.  Our server know many of the options, but checked on the few he didn't, and even went through the mignardises a second time to point out the ones she  could eat one by one.  She also had a great meal, although her sole dish was merely good, not quite as memorable as other courses.

The service overall was wonderful (I'm running out of superlatives), the limo and walk through the Resort was beautiful, but the food was the star.  A truly outstanding meal.
