XnJeadLrlj9AZB8qSdIR2Q Joel Robuchon is a meticulous, very high quality restaurant with 3 deserved Michelin stars and I've been here twice. But the only things I remember vividly are the satin ottomans for your purse, the incredibly rich and delicious chestnut veloute we had one time, and the bread cart. Oh, what a bread cart! When they rolled it towards me, my heart almost skipped a beat in excitement. So many miniature baguettes and rolls! The mignardises cart and cheese cart are also impressive, but the bread cart was first and really stuck with you. I would have taken a photo but I was awestruck. Skip the wheat bread options, they weren't as good as the others.

Be prepared for the service to be impeccable and the food expensive, but you know what you're getting into if you make a reservation here. And if you do have a reservation and aren't staying at the MGM, you'd be doing yourself a disservice by NOT calling them and asking for the complimentary limo pickup for dinner. When I asked how I would know it was my limo up front, I was told "You'll recognize it. It's gold."

And gold it was, or closer to champagne colored. It takes you into the back entrance of the MGM and pulls up in front of a fountain like some reality tv dating show and you are greeted by a woman in black with very good posture that you follow. I'm pretty sure her entire job consists of escorting back entrance limo diners through the hotel past the high roller rooms to deposit them at the restaurant. 

The inside dining room looks like it was designed by Lila Fowler, all gold and lush purple and lavender silks and velvets, and the aforementioned purse ottoman. 

I'm sure we ate some kind of delicious seafood or meat with expertly arranged small sides but it's all a distant dream now. The sommelier was excellent and recommended very good affordable wines to go with our courses. I also remember the freebie gift box they give you at the end of the meal. We received boxed and beribboned JR jellies that were like the fanciest Sunkist Fruit Gems known to man.

As an added bonus, I met the chef there on my birthday and we chatted for a moment in French and poses for a photo together. He was very gracious and wished me bon anniversaire.

I'd rate Joel Robuchon 5 stars for quality, service, ambiance, and details and 4.5 stars for the food, which was elegant and expertly prepared classical French but ultimately not that exciting for how expensive it was. And it was expensive. If you opt for wine or any of the supplements like truffles, it'll add up fast. Be prepared to drop some serious Benjamins.
