XnJeadLrlj9AZB8qSdIR2Q This being our first (and much anticipated) visit, we wanted to get the full experience, so we opted for the 16 course tasting menu for around $400 per person.  We also got a wine pairing, which is priced in tiers (around $250, $500, and $1000 per person, I believe).  We opted for the middle tier and the wines were outstanding, I can't even imagine what the top tier must be like!

Le Pain (the bread) - this is not your ordinary bread selection.  There are at least 15 types of bread offered including baguettes, puff pastry, basil or saffron brioche, and much more.  When you have made your (unlimited) selections, the servers warm them for you then shave a piece of butter off of a huge block (that gets its own cart) and sprinkle it with sea salt for you.  I could make a whole meal out of this bread cart, no joke.

La Cerise (the cherry) - cherry gazpacho with sheep ricotta ans pistachios.  Light and refreshing.

La Tomate (the tomato) - salad of tomato with basil infused olive oil, tomato gelee topped with mozzarella.  We were instructed to place the tomato onto the gelee and eat them together.  A deconstructed caprese salad - this was interesting and tasty.

Le Caviar - three courses served at once - red turnip and butter coated radish with yellowtail carpaccio and caviar, chilled cauliflower veloute with bonito gelee and caviar, caviar and couscous maki roll.  This was one of the standout courses of the evening (how could it not be?), especially the carpaccio.

La Grenouille (the frog) - crispy frog leg, roasted garlic, parsley coulis.  Very meaty and succulent - this was one of my favorites.

La Saint-Jacques (name of a traditional French scallop dish) - seared scallop in a cauliflower veloute for me and a green curry for DH.  At the beginning of the meal, they ask for food allergies/preferences.  I specified "no cilantro", so they made a substitution for me.  They are very gracious and courteous about this.

Les Crustaces (the crustaceans) - three courses served at once - truffled langoustine ravioli with foie gras foam, sea urchin on potato puree with coffee, grilled spiny lobster medallion with herb sabayon.  This was one of the best courses, if not THE best, of the evening (especially the ravioli, which is one of their signature dishes).

Les Petit Pois (the little peas) - delicate green pea cream on top of foie gras with argan oil.  I enjoyed this much more than the earlier cherry soup.

Le Saumon (the salmon) - a perfectly medium salmon filet with grain mustard and mango "tagliatelle".  Another of my favorites.

Le Boeuf (the beef) - pepper crusted rib eye with capers, peppers, and mushrooms.  I was so full at this point that I could not eat more than a bite of this, but DH loved it.

Le Soja (the soybean) - soy risotto with lime and chives.  We were both too full to eat much of this.

La Fraise (the strawberry) - a caramel panna cotta with fresh strawberries, balsamic reduction, and creme fraiche foam.  Kind of like a deconstructed strawberry shortcake.  I don't know if it was because the end was in sight, or the change from savory to sweet - but we were both able to recover a little bit and finish these last 2 courses.

Le Citron (the lemon) - honey gelee and a light lemon cream finished with a spiced red fruit coulis, yum.

Le Moka, Les Mignardises (the coffee, the small desserts) - Lastly, we were presented with this beautiful cart from which we could take whatever we wanted.

Stuffed to the brim, but a wonderful and beautiful experience!

I would love to return, but considering how full we got and how sick I was that night because of it, I would order differently.  The 16 course is a wonderful way to experience all that they have to offer, but it is just too much (especially with the wine pairing).  Next time, I will order the 6 course menu where I can choose my favorite dishes and still take advantage of the marvelous bread and petit fours cart.  The 6 course menu also includes the cheese cart which the 16 course did not (which made me sad, but there was no way that I would have had room for it anyway).  I have also heard that you can split 1 wine pairing between 2 people, which would be a much more reasonable amount than what we had.
