XnJeadLrlj9AZB8qSdIR2Q When you were a kid and first learned about the concept of fine dining, this restaurant is probably what you imagined in your mind. Lots of modern fine dining places feel a bit understated - Benu, the French Laundry, Quince, and Saison all come to mind - in their service and interiors, as if to suggest that all of your attention should be on the food. You will not feel that way at all walking into this revered establishment. If Louis XIV had a dining room from Versailles transported into the modern era this is what it might feel like. Bold purple and white colors dominate the main dining space with a tasteful ivy wall serving for contrast against the far wall - the interior broadcasts luxury before you even walk into the space.

I've been fortunate enough to dine here on multiple occasions and every element of the restaurant is best-in-class. Don't believe anyone who think this place has fallen out favor or changed, it is still the best place to eat in all of Las Vegas.

There are a number of food options to choose from but c'mon, if you're here you're doing it wrong if you don't opt for the 16 course degustation menu. It's expensive but trust me, it's worth it. Obviously the menu shifts various dishes in and out but some delicious regulars include La Langoustine, a remarkable lobster ravioli, an amazing preperation of the classic French scallop dish La Noix De Saint-Jacques (I've never had better), and the real star of the show, Le Caviar, a trio of the finest caviar dishes; even if you're not a caviar fan I guarantee this dish will change your mind entirely. The night begins with and is complimented with an over-the-top bread cart full of every kind of freshly baked bread you can imagine but the true piece de resistance as it relates to American palettes is the bacon bread - trust me, you'll want many of these before your meal is over.

I know the image I painted of this place is of an extremely classy fine dining restaurant and that can be intimidating to some. While it most certainly is that they also go out of their way to make each and every guest here feel amazing. Instead of feeling like you are out of place in a luxury fine  dining restaurant the staff do everything they can from the moment you walk in until the moment you leave to make your experience be as memorable and great as it can be.

Highly recommended.
