4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw I have been here two times, and for me this time around fell a little flat.. Which could be due to numerous things.. The patio was open and had some heat lamps..but it was getting a little too windy by the end of the night to really enjoy the meal. It might be nice to have a covering over the patio during the winter if you decide to serve food out there.. However, the view from the patio of the Bellagio fountain was spectacular and worth the chill.

The food for me felt a little underwhelming and so did the service. I felt our table seemed like an afterthought for the waitress who was clearly busy, but when she was present she was very nice. The busser who was wating on us did so excellently, I kinda wished he had been our waiter.. She forgot the salad on one order but did bring out two desserts for the birthday boys.. so that made up for it.

I ordered the escargots.. typically delicious, but this version for me, while full of garlic and butter lacked some acid (white wine or lemon or both) to enhance the flavors.. the dish was simply too bland. 

I had the filet au poivre with the rouqefort sauce along with root veggies subbed for the frites, for my main.. The flilet was done properly, but the roquefort was barely visible and there was no sauce at all in the "roquefort sauce" it was a small pat of the cheese broiled to death on top of the filet.. The root veggies were really good..The frites seemed too much like potato chips and not at all like the frites classically served..so luckily for me I was able to substitute another side which was really good.

The desserts, while not bad were not good either..the white chocolate bread pudding sounded yummy in theory but sadly it was not sweet and very bready in flavor.. no white chocolate flavors were found in this dish. The chocolate mousse was a matter of taste I suppose.. the small crunchy chocolate balls that covered the top took over the dish and the taste of the chocolate in the mousse were again lacking and too sweet. I should stress, it is really all a matter of taste for me..but I just can't sugarcoat this one.

I will be back again this summer and give it another whirl, it could have just been an off night..
