XnJeadLrlj9AZB8qSdIR2Q MOST EPIC MEAL IN MY LIFE!!

Okay, little disclaimer: I came here back in 2010, when I was young & much more easily impressed (this was my 4th Michelin-star restaurant and my 1st 3-Michelin star), sooo this review might not be the most accurate haha, but it is still by far the most epic meal/dining experience I've had.

I actually booked this place as a celebration dinner for my then-bf (yes, call me #1 gf! hahaha jk) planning to order just the regular 3 or 4-course menu, but once we got here, the 16-course degustation menu seemed too epic to pass up on, so we got that instead and I def do not regret :)

So my memory might be faded, and this is pre-smartphone times, pre-foodporn times, and pre-foodieGrace times.

Standouts:
1)  Decor was gold, purple, sparkly with shells/starfish on the table, 100% Grace-style, big plus!! lol
2)  CAVIAR (lots of it!!) amuse bouche (first time I actually loved caviar)
3)  Bread & dessert cart: you get to choose your own, however many u want, the Mignardises cart won me over big time, I was NOT shy with choosing all the ones I desired (10-15 at least haha)
4)  Complimentary LIMO service with reservations: you HAVE to get this (u need to ASK for this, they don't just offer it), it's part of the whole experience, and makes paying big bucks for your meal more justified lol...MGM is not such a nice hotel, but man, the villa with big gates they bring you in from was not what I was expecting at all!! just do it!! there is an escort waiting at the door to take you inside and escort you out, as much as I prefer rating the FOOD, I must say they sure know how to make you feel super special!

Service is impeccable, presentation is amazing (yes, u get gold flakes on your food haha), meal takes about 4 hours. $500 (tax/tip included) per person without any add-ons or drinks (has gone up since). For birthday/anniversary celebrations, they bring out a whole small cake for u! At the end of the meal, they give you a little personalized diploma with the 16-courses, very useful since there is no way anyone can keep track of all those dishes. And ladies get a goodie box to take home.

4 years & 31 Michelin stars later, all I can say is CAN SOMEONE PLS BRING ME BACK so i can update my review more accurately!! :P
