XnJeadLrlj9AZB8qSdIR2Q When I was asked to dine at a AAA Five Diamond, Forbes Five Star, Three Michelin Star, Wine Spectator Grand Award and Chef of the Century's restaurant, the question wasn't IF...It was WHEN!

My last night in Vegas marked the unforgettable occasion and as soon as I opened those shiny glass paned double doors, I knew I was in for a treat!  As I walked across the foyer into the main dining room,  I left the hustle and bustle of the frenzied casino behind me and I was instantly transported into a luxurious 1930's style French bistro with a huge crystal chandelier cascading above me. Honestly, this place was dripping with opulence!
Truth be told, I do get a bit uncomfortable in fancy schmancy restaurants.  Perhaps it's the well pressed white table cloths or the half dozen stuffy staff serving my every whim, but this place was not like that at all.  The servers were warm, friendly and present without being overbearing, which was really nice!  Add to that the elegant yet inviting atmosphere and I was feeling like a king! A hungry one at that!    
 
As soon as we were seated and handed our nicely bound menus, I instantly knew in my mind that I wanted to try the 16 course tasting menu.  Heck, you only live once, right? 

Because we were in a festive mood, we decided on a bottle of bubbly and for me, a bottle of Veuve Clicquot fit the bill perfectly!

Then came the famous bread cart in all its glory! Wow! It was a sight to see! There were more than a dozen breads to choose from to start the meal and i think we tried almost all of em!  Three magnificent breads, however, stood out from the pack.  Those being the buttery cheese brioche, savory bacon epi, and chewy cheese baguette.  

Then, of course, came the food! Honestly, it was so beautifully plated there were times I simply felt it was a shame to eat it! But I got over that hurdle fairly quickly. 

Now, I don't plan on boring you with the entire 16 course blow by blow, but I will focus on the dining highlights which made the evening extra special for me!

Amuse Bouche "sangria emulsion" refreshingly light citrusy blood orange cream emulsion above a chilled jam in a whimsical dry ice bowl with small chunks of apples and berry sangria gelee.  Lip smacking tartness with a delightfully smooth & creamy finish! Excellent way to awaken the palate!  

Trio of Caviar 
Caviar with Asparagus - Although not the most interesting pairing of the evening, the flavors of the fresh green asparagus and salty caviar played well against each other. 
Salmon Tartare with Shiso Sprouts and Caviar - The textures were delicate and the flavors were refined.  
Daikon Cous Cous with Caviar - The thin delicate slivers of cool daikon wrapped around fluffy cous cous and topped with caviar was an exhilarating finish to an interesting play on Japanese cuisine.       

Lobster - Topped with fragrant black truffle, the langoustine ravioli was magnificent! The grilled lobster was simple yet beautifully presented. Subtle flavors but hey it's lobster! Sometimes a good thing shouldn't be messed with! The smooth & creamy sea urchin fennel potato puree was inspiring and texturally inviting, as well.

Chestnut Soup over Foie Gras Foam - Rich frothy and flavorful with savory bacon bits. The chunks of roasted chestnuts added a subtle sweetness to this warm and rustic soup. 

Bone marrow - One of my personal favorites! The marrow was luscious, rich and supple in texture. It also exhibited the most irresistible aroma! The popcorn added a pleasant textural dimension to this delightful dish.

Sea bass - Beautifully seared, this magnificent piece of fish came bathing in an irresistible butter sauce. The artichoke balanced the flavor profiles nicely. 

Birthday Cake - As the evening came to a close, the staff came out with a cart embellished with lavish decorative baubles and a small sign that read "Happy Birthday" The accompanying birthday cake was extraordinary! Perched on a large black pedestal, it was absolutely majestic but all I could think of was digging into it!  To my surprise, it was a mango meringue ice cream cake and although we couldn't take it home with us, we did indulge in two large decadent slices and it was fantastic! Bravo to the dessert chef!

If that wasn't enough we were given free reign of the mignardises (dessert cart) that had a vast selection of petit fors, small cookies and yes...macarons!

They boxed up the cookies and gave us an additional box of marshmallow treats to take home with a copy of the menu and a nicely bound colored brochure documenting the magical evening.

I'd have to say this was by far the most amazing dining experience
of my life.  Would i do it again? Someday. 

But for now, I'll just revel in the fine memories of an unforgettable evening that will leave my palate in infinite bliss!

Happy "Birthday" Eats, Part Deux!!
