XnJeadLrlj9AZB8qSdIR2Q Joel Rubuchon restaurant is the first and only 3 Star Michelin Guide Winner in Las Vegas so I don't need to talk about how great their food is. But I will talk about the reason why they are so expensive (besides their gotta-have-before-I-die mouthwatering dishes).

Bread cart: they have this bread cart that they roll to every single table (as many times as you like). You can pick from 20+ different mini bread rolls, sticks, etc. You can ask for as many servings as you like and they will take it to the kitchen, toast it up for you, and bring them back to your table all nice and warm. 

Cheese cart: I love the most foul, smelliest cheese they can stand to serve in restaurants. I will eat them up!  At Gary Danko, you can only pick a few selections from the cart but at Joel Rubuchon--you can eat til your heart is content! 

Mignardises cart: as you walk into the restaurant, you see a huge cart of mini chocolates, hard candies, assorted cookies, etc. just waiting for you to devour. We only had two hours to dine then had to rush out to watch KA next door, so I didn't get my pick from the Mignardises cart. Damn the 6-course tasting menu!  I was so sad. I wished I had asked them to pack some to-go but was too scared to ask. Make sure you give yourself at least 3 hours to dine!

And last but certainly not least: Service & Decor: Every time you get up out of your seat, you get a new napkin. WTH is that really necessary? I guess so if you're paying $700+ for two people. The table setting was over the top -like those platinum weddings you see on WEtv for the ridiculously rich folks.  There's a grand piano, beautiful chandeliers with strings of peals hanging from them, fresh flower vases everywhere. And I mean EVERYWHERE. We were seated "outdoor", the entire restaurant is inside the MGM hotel but they have an area where they decorated to look like you're dining on the garden patio.  The entire restaurant was breathtaking. I love the smell and feel of flowers, so for me to be dining surrounded by them was heaven. And it seemed like they had as much servers/employees in the restaurant as customers dining... make sense bc you need a cheese chart person, bread cart person, a change the napkin person, someone to stand near the bathroom and point you to the right direction person, and two different hostess; one to greet, one to open the door for you. And this is all on top of the regular people you would need for a restaurant. Am I exaggerating? No, at least that's what it seemed like... but I'm not complaining. 

Please please starve yourself for this meal! We had a late lunch at Diego earlier that day so I was not as hungry as I wanted to be for this dinner. I didn't eat much of the bread and the cheese (had to save my appetite for the courses ) yes, I was kicking myself for that! :(

Expensive but a must try at least once in your life! I can't wait to come back! Next time, the 16-course tasting! :)
