XnJeadLrlj9AZB8qSdIR2Q What an incredible experience.  Just returned from the most amazing dining extravaganza ever.  

First, you get picked up at your hotel with the MGM limo.  Just a short ride from the Vdara, but we never entered the casino.  You enter into the Mansion at MGM at a gated private driveway.  The mansion is breathtaking.

This place is a foodie's dream.  The service is impeccable, the food is the best ever.  We had the 4 course menu for $168.00.  Really not bad at all, but overall we ended up spending $6 bills for the 2 of us.  Pricey, but absolutely worth every penny.  

The bread cart is phenomenal.  17 selections.  I managed to down 5 selections.  I could not eat any more after that, but absolutely the best bread ever.  I had the bacon fogas, milk brioche, asiago baquette, rustic olive, basil brioche.  Mmmmmmm  Good.  The butter presentation was also impressive.  The server carves a section of butter and sprinkles sea salt on it.  They also offer mr. Robuchon's olive oil.  The best olive oil I ever tasted.  So fruity and tasty.  

The caviar amuse is outstanding.  The caviar was served over crab and a fennel cream.  So dang delicious.  I was in awe.  Next came the next  3 courses - Truffled Langoustine Ravioli, Le Tofu Soup, smoked eel seaweed gelee and my main course was the Roasted Lobster on pilaf rice and caramelized sea urchin with oriental essences.  I was blown away.  All of it was so good and I ate everything on my plate.  

For dessert - Guanaja Chocolate Ganache, crunchy cocoa nib and acai sorbet.  Beautiful...  

Then came the mignardise cart.  Oh my goodness.  I was in heaven.  Over 20 selections of the most delicious confections to choose from.  I had the nougat, caramel chocolate, macaroon, meringue, white chocolate pineapple and a couple more...  

The hostess arranged for the limo to take us back to Vdara.  Such a class act.  The service staff is very nice and friendly.  They provide exceptional service, but they are not stuffy.  An amazing evening, which I will remember for a long time.
