XnJeadLrlj9AZB8qSdIR2Q Me and my boyfriend came here awhile ago for our first time and ordered the 16 course meal. (First time ever doing anything like this). It was basically the best experience I have ever had! I don't even know where to start.

We walked in to a little waiting room/bar area and a very professional bartender asked what we would like and brought them over. I actually spilled a little of the martini on my leg and he was so quick to help.

We were seated perfectly on time to our reservation. I could go on for days...they servers were excellent we had like 4 servers and even a wine guy whose only job was to explain and help pair our different courses with types and flavors of wine. I've never heard to many great adjectives in my life. 

The restaurant only had a handful of occupied tables but still required a reservation which means they carefully prepare everything with the fullest care. They didn't just have a bread basket, but literally an entire card of fresh bread to chose on, and the butter was literally imported from a different country, just for different flavors. 

The 16 courses were each amazing in their own way, it started with some appetizer like dishes (all very small since there's 16 courses) and then went into fish and seafood dishes (first time trying caviar!) , then into different types of red meats and eventually desert. My favorite was a tiny 2 by 1 inch piece of steak that literally had the most amazing flavor. Anyways...you get the point this place is amazing.

Me and my boyfriend have seriously considered flying out to Vegas just to dine at the Joel. We constantly compare every other restaurant to the Joel and really I actually hate eating out now that i know what truly great food and service is like.  

So you might think that for a place like this, it would be very expensive. But if you put it in perspective it is actually cheap. (We had a bill of about $1400) In Vegas you spend 5K on a small bottle service area with a couple bottles of average alcohol and some cute girls mixing drinks for you (don't get me wrong i love that whole part) except you are getting minimal service. We spend nothing compared to what you spend on a bottle service and we got excellent service for a 4 hour dining experience with servers and wine guys basically taking care of you all night.  So I think the pricing is more than fair!! Check this place out, hope this was helpful.
