XnJeadLrlj9AZB8qSdIR2Q I had very high expectations going in, and I was not disappointed.

I've eaten at a lot of amazing places, I was raised foodie, and very little intimidates me.  But I will have to say, I was kind of on the defensive when I came here.

First of all, it was a little awkward as I was dining solo.  My dinner companion had bailed on me, so I was going in on my own.  Additionally, I didn't make a reservation and just sauntered in.  Glad I had an extra sportcoat with me.  The ambiance was amazing, beautiful, exactly what I expected.  The two hostesses were tall, gorgeous women in couture dresses.  As I was mustering up courage to enter, I pulled the two huge front doors way too hard, almost causing a scene.  As I sauntered up to the stand, quickly regaining composure, I announced I would like to have dinner and didn't have a reservation.  There was some murmuring and they asked me to sit in the lounge while they spoke to the manager.  I didn't even have a chance to sit and they whisked me away to my table.

I was seated on the bench side of a table for two, with a couple next to me and a third gentleman dining alone immediately next to them.  This is significant, because I couldn't help but eavesdrop, as it was so quiet in the restaurant and we were all in such close proximity.  The male half of the couple seated next to me, was on the opposite side of the table, and the bastard would not stop looking at me during my meal, which was frankly just weird and did detract from my overall experience.

They asked me if I wanted a cocktail, and when I said Martini, they correctly assumed gin and asked for my preference.  I chose Hendricks and recommended they use a cucumber slice as a garnish.  The server came back with a perfect Martini in a crystal glass, and he told me that the bartender said 'thanks' for the idea of a cucumber garnish, that it paired perfectly - he said they would recommend it in the future.

I started with amuse-bouche of a tomato puree served over a custard - perfect combination of flavors. I must take a moment as well to mention that the table setting was beautiful, all silver flatware, perfect china, and sparkling crystal vessels.  Whenever I would finish with a utensil or another dining implement, they would spirit away the offending dirty item to an impossibly large silver tray in the center of the room, which they would carry away only to immediately replace with another giant silver tray.  It was almost humorous when it was a lone cocktail glass.

Next they arrived with a huge cart full of dozens of freshly-baked breads.  I spent half of my time just being walked through what was contained on the cart.  Not wanting to spoil my meal, I chose a modest selection, although the gentleman manning the cart was insistent that I try more.  I settled on a fresh Gruyère brioche  and a roll that had bacon within.  Then another fellow came by and engaged in a complex ritual where he carved fresh butter from Brittony with a chilled spoon and put it on my plate with a little fleur de sel.  The bread was incredible, unsurprisingly.

Next up, I had the langoustine ravioli with truffle, cream and chopped cabbage.  Not only was it a delicate flavor explosion, it also had fantastic texture.  Thank goodness there were only three, because I am quite sure I could have eaten a bucket of them.  The next course was a fava bean soup served over a rosemary foam, again, flavors were incredible and there was just enough to get the flavor, but not too much.  During the meal, the service was not only incredibly attentive, but also not pretentious.  I really appreciated that.

For my main course, I had a splendid duck breast with foie gras and almond-stuffed sweet and sour cherries.  Easily the most perfect duck I have ever partaken of, and the sommelier paired the perfect wine with it.  

To finish the meal, I chose the Earl Grey rice krispy with raspberry milk mousse, a nice blend of sweet and tart.  I ordered some fantastic coffee and they ended with the dessert cart, where the gentleman who manned that cart foisted more and more treats upon me.  I especially loved the baba ahrum, caramels and the jellies he offered.

I felt as one should after a repast like this, completely sated.  Price be damned, this is what culinary art tastes like.
