XnJeadLrlj9AZB8qSdIR2Q If you only have one meal in Las Vegas eat at Joel Robuchon.  I daresay I prefer Robuchon to the vaunted French Laundry. 

Drinks: 
I ordered a pear martini to start, I wanted a cucumber martini, but the bar didn't have the ingredients this was a nice consolation prize.
Bruno Paillard 'Brut Ros Premire Cuve', Reims, NV: Fairly light in color for a Ros, the nose leads with light hints of young fruit with some minerality.  On the palette the wine is light and acidic a nice way to start a meal.
Dr. Bernkasteler Badstube, Mosel-Saar-Ruwer, Wegeler, 2004: The very definition of off-dry.  This wine had classic flavors of orchard fruit and minerals with an edge of acidity.
Shafer Merlot, Napa Valley, 2004: A very straightforward wine, intense flavors of ripe fruit, very uniform and easy drinking.  I tend to shy away from merlot but this was very approachable.
Domaine Alain Brumont, Pacherenc du Vic Bihl 'Brumaire', 2004: I was leaning towards a Sauternes for dessert but having never had a Pacherenc before decided to try this instead.  I detected aromas of ripe apricot and necatrines and a hint of spice, a highly concentrated palette and lingering finish round out this wine.

Naturally when sampling perfection one should be sure to get as much as possible, my friends and I did the 16 course menu.

L'Avocat - Avocado puree in a thin herb gelee and olive oil flavored curd cheese

Le Caviar - Green Asparagus topped with Oscetra caviar, delicate gelee and a smooth cauliflower cream, thin couscous and oscetra caviar

Le Saint-Jacques - Pan seared scallops with fregolas pastas and coral emulsion

La Langoustine - Truffled langoustine ravioli with stewed cabbage

La Symphonie de Truffe - Black Truffle in hot pastry, onions and smoked ham, Fall vegetables in green cabbage ravioli, Light truffle cream on top of custard

L'Ormeau - Abalone, baby leeks in a ginger bouillon

L'Amadai - Amadai (tile fish) in a lily bulb broth

Le Turbot - Roasted turbot "on the bone" with celery and truffle stew

Le Boeuf - Grilled Kobe beef, roasted foie gras with port, cheese macaronis, black pepper cristalline

L'Epeautre - Sault farrow prepared risotto style, gold leaf

La Poire William - William pear on a sorbet and confit in black currant

Le Chocolat - Melting Araguani chocolate with a hint of peppermint

La Crme Glace - Raspberry sorbet, vanilla and coffee ice cream, and an orange tuile

La Cafe ou le The - escorte de mignardises

For a full review check out my blog.

Be warned perfection has its price and ours came out to 775 a head.
