XnJeadLrlj9AZB8qSdIR2Q Food 3 stars 
Service 5 stars
Atmosphere 5 stars
Price  1 star

This place has been on my bucket list for years, along with French Laundry. Due to its price tag, we always procrastinated to try it. Since it was a special occasion, we decided to indulge. Reservation was rather easy make. I called only a week prior to our visit, granted it was for a Tuesday night. 

As we entered, the space was elegant and intimate, with rich violet cushioned seats, luxurious drapes, and a statement chandelier. We were seated at a table for two next to an open space leading to the door. It was drafty whenever anyone enters or exits. There were cozy booths available and later on I was later informed by Kit, our favorite Server, that Table 17 in their "Parisian Terrace" was their best table for two. Service was sublime, an orchestra of soft-spoken professionals aiming for a seamless performance. They even had a level three Sommelier, William. Very impressive indeed.

We decided not to go with the $445 degustation menu as Hubby prefers the traditional 3-5 course meal over 16 courses of smaller bites (my preference). Since it was his Birthday dinner, we went with his choice. We both selected the $250 per person 5 Course Dinner with 2 Appetizers, 2 Entrees, and Dessert. Big mistake! It was TOO much food that we both felt like exploding even before the meal was over. By the time we were done, our meal ended up being the same price as the tasting menu due to all the supplemental charges. If we ever go back, we would be quite happy with the $198 4 Course Dinner.

First came the famous bread cart, with about a dozen different varieties of bread, brioche, and croissant. We omitted the sea salt from our butter.  Though I normally shun bread, we could not help but fill up on their divine bread and sweet butter. After that, everything went downhill until dessert. 

We both ordered their Signature appetizer, Truffled Langoustine Ravioli with Foie Gras sauce. Hubby ordered the Oscetra Caviar with Salmon Tartar and I got the Chilled Maine Lobster with thinly sliced turnips. Though they were beautifully presented, none of the appetizers were memorable. Then came our first entrees, his was the Pork made three ways (God knows why he ordered pork), and mine was Black Cod served with Baby Bok Choy. The Cod melted in the mouth, similar in style to Japanese Miso Butterfish. Hubby's pork chops were tiny, it was smaller than rack of lamb but he said it was tasty. 

Next came the Duck with Coriander, which both of us had to order with a $60 supplement. Nobody warned us that this was an ENTIRE duck for two people! It was interesting to watch the table-side presentation of our waiter slicing the breast meat for us. Then they took the rest of the duck back to the kitchen to make "Duck Tacos". The duck breast was tough, served luke warm, completely under-salted and flavorless. One of the worst Ducks I have had in a French restaurant. Then they brought the Asian-inspired Duck Tacos on a bed of lettuce. The Lettuce was fresh and crisp - sadly, it was the best part of the dish. 

Finally we made it to our dessert course. Although I was bursting at the seams, I HAD to order the Chocolate Souffle, and Hubby ordered the lightest dessert available, which was the Lemon Sorbet. We both agreed that our desserts were the HIGHLIGHT of the meal! And I don't even have a sweet tooth. Their heavenly Chocolate Souffle alone was worth coming back for.

By the time they rolled out the dessert cart for after-dinner treats, we were full to the rim. They also surprised us with a lovely Ice-Cream Cake for the Birthday Boy! We each had a slice of the refreshing Passionfruit and Coconut Ice-cream cake.  

This place is a classic case of a 3 Michelin Star resting on its laurels. They earned their stars more than a decade ago and Michelin has not been back to Vegas since 2010 to reevaluate. To be honest, we prefer the Classical French cooking at Picasso for less than half the price of the Asian-Fusion style at Robuchon. Perhaps we ordered the wrong items or we should have gone with the Tasting Menu, but at over $1K with wine and tip, it had better be mind-blowing!
