XnJeadLrlj9AZB8qSdIR2Q I took six of my employees here to experience their signature menu with wine pairing.  This was not an inexpensive endeavor.  Counting tip $5,600 and change.  This being said it was a very enjoyable experience.  Ambiance and service were superb.  Bread cart was a delight.  Suggest you let the attendant provide you with an assortment instead of picking a particular bread.  There are just too many good ones.  The universal favorite dish was the lobster on the shellfish trio.  Another favorite was the risotto topped with gold leaf.  There really was not a bad course some just stood out more than others.  By the time the signature desert cart rolled around, I was looking for things that could fit in my pocket as I couldn't eat another bite.  Fortunately they had wrapped caramels that did the trick.  Right before departing, we were each given a gift bag with a copy of the menu and a delightful lemon cake.  Couple of other points of note, wine pairings were well done and they were not stingy on refilling glasses.  We opted for 5:30 reservations and did not depart until 10:30.  Five hours of eating and drinking.  I make this point because for me at least it would not necessarily be enjoyable for a date night.  We needed a group for long long of a period of time.  Last but not least, while I was expecting and willing to pay the 400 plus for food person and an extra almost 300 per person for wine pairing, there was one charge that caught me off guard and actually bothered me a great deal.  When we were initially seated, a waiter came around with a bottle of champagne and asked if we would like a glass.  The three of us who arrived early happily obliged.  When the bill came these were not only included but were $45 per glass.  Might seem like a small thing to many of you but to me this was not handled correctly.  You don't come around with an open bottle of champagne and offer without revealing there is a charge and a significant charge at that.  I have been to many a nice restaurant and this was a first.  Would have received five stars if not for this.
