XnJeadLrlj9AZB8qSdIR2Q I realize that I do not have enough places to write about, so this is a backdated review from December 31, 2007.  

This place was quite impressive and all the hype shared from my fellow yelpers was wonderful.  I don't know why anyone didn't yelp about the midget in a miniskirt under the table that made this experience worthwhile.  (joke)  

Frankly, there is not much to say about Joel Robuchon that not everyone else hasn't said.  

So, for our first New Years (please note this review is 7 months overdue), tina and i go to this so-called mecca to dining.  Recently awarded with the elusive third star from Michelin, it was quite the dining experience that I probably will never do again (read maybe in a couple of years or maybe at french laundry).  Sorry baby.  

It's our first NYE, so we chose the 16 course menu.  15 foot doors guard the entrance to this palace and there is a sense of attention to detail that exhudes arrogance and elitism.  When I walk into a restaurant like this, I immediately feel like Julia Roberts from Pretty Woman (scene where Richard Gere takes her shopping after her lousy experience and they suck up to her) (yes, i made a reference to pretty woman.  yes, it is pretty lame.  and yes, you all know exactly what i mean).  That being said, I was surprised when Tina and I walked in to check in and asked if there was restroom inside to use, and the lady lied and said, "no".  When she realized we were dining there, she apologized profusely on her hands and knees begging that I not chop her head off with the gladiator ax hanging on my belt.  Ok, that didn't really happen but I personally felt that she should have done that, especially since I went through the trouble of bringing my gladiator ax.

Anyway, great place.  The bread was too good, and it filled me up before I could properly enjoy meal.  There were 14 courses in between split between 6 or 7 different plates.  Honestly, too many courses, too much rich and delicious food.  Things that stood out were the sea urchin, lobster, and kobe beef were the kind of good where you can't eat another bite and you still force it down.  The dessert cart was just excess.  I know GF is reading this review and shaking her head at my poor description of the food.  Let's say, it was great and worth it.

Advice to Guys:  Only go there with someone you really care about b/c you could probably go next door to L'talier for half the price and end with the same results for some girl you are trying to impress.

Other Advice:  They offered us a glass of champagne when we sat down.  I thought it was free since I was about to blow 4 digits on a meal for two people but guess what, it's not!  Those two glasses of champagne added another $80 to our bill, which was like getting a shopping cart spoiler on an SUV.  (Read:  Completely unnecessary).
