XnJeadLrlj9AZB8qSdIR2Q What an incredibly marvelous meal at this absolutely spectacular restaurant in the MGM Grand in Las Vegas.  This is arguably the best meal you'll eat in any restaurant in the United States of America.  The only real downside is that you have to walk through the casino to get to it.  Our complete menu along with wine pairings will show in this review, as will photos of everything.  We loved our meal so much that we decided to extend our visit to Las Vegas by one more day so that we can eat a different part of the menu here again, in three days. Thank you very much for the tour of the kitchen, and things "behind the scenes."  Now, for our menu, which is replete with the "kadiddlehoppers" of French diacritical marks.  I swear, if I lived in France, I would be part of a movement to eliminate à á â ç è é ò ó ô ö ë and all the rest of them.

~ L'HIVIR ~ 
MENU DEGUSTATION $445
Imaginé par Joël Robuchon
Pour commencer
Le Caviar Imperial, une infusion juste prise à la crème de chou fleur 
Oscetra caviar served atop of king crab in a crustacean gelée dotted with cauliflower puree
2005 Champagne Dom Pérignon Brut, Reims, France

1er Service
- Le Saumon d'Ecosse confit, raviole maraíchère et fleurette au wasabi 
Scottish salmon confit coated with oscetra caviar, vegetables and wasabi cream
- Le Betterave en duo de pommes à l'avocat aux pousses de salades amères, sorbet à la moutarde verte 
Duo of beetroot and apple, young shoots of herbs served with green mustard sorbet
- Le Foie Gras, comme un carpaccio en méli-mélo de pommes de terre aux copeaux de truffe noire 
Shaved black truffles and potatoes with olive oil, topped with carpaccio of foie gras
2012 Sancerre, Domaine Pascal Cotat, Les Mont Damnés, Loire, France

2ème Service
- L'Œuf de Poule mollet juste tiédi, florentine et émulsion au Comté jeune
Semi-soft boiled egg on a spinach puree with comte cheese sauce
- La Truffe Noire sur tarte friande aux oignons confits et lard fumé
Crispy truffle tart with onion confit and smoked bacon
2009 Chablis Blanchot Grand Cru, Domaine Laroche, Burgundy, France

3ème Service
- La Langoustine truffée cuite en ravioli avec une étuvée de chou vert 
Truffled langoustine ravioli in a foie gras emulsion with simmered green cabbage
- La Chataigne en fin velouté sur un ragoût de céleri-rave à la cardamone et à la truffe noire 
Light chestnut veloute on celeriac ragout with cardamom and black truffle
- Les Cuisses de Grenouille en fritots à la purée aillée et au coulis de persil 
Frog leg fritters with garlic puree and parsley coulis
2011 Chassagne-Montrachet Premier Crus Les Verges, Domaine Marc-Morey, Burgundy

4ème Service 
- Le Bar cuit en peau aux cinq épices, avec une sauce verjus 
Pan-fried sea bass with five spices served with verjus
- Le Saint-Pierre avec une étuvée de champignons des bois et oignons grelot au jus gras 
Roasted John Dory with wild mushrooms and pearl onions
- Le Black Cod caramélisé, sauce au poivre noir de Malabar et pak choy 
Caramelized black cod in Malabar pepper sauce with bok choy
2012 Coteaux Champenois, Egly-Ouriet, Grand Cru Ambonnay

Le Plat "Tradition"
-Le Boeuf châteaubriand et foie gras en une interprétation "Rossini" au vieux porto
Beef Chateaubriand and foie gras, "Rossini" style
1986 Château Ducru-Beaucaillou, Saint-Julien, Bordeaux, France

Here we inserted a cheese course, our request.  Please see my photos to view what we ate, which was lovely.

Les Desserts
- L'Ananas, compoté à la crème de citron et mousse à la noix de coco Coconut mousse with lemon cream and pineapple lime compote
- Le Caramel tendre au beurre salé, crème chantilly au popcorn Popcorn Chantilly and soft salted caramel
- Le Fruit de la Passion en sorbet à la mangue, meringue croquante 
Mango and passion fruit sorbet with crunchy meringue
1989 Château Suduiraut, Sauternes Grand Cru, Bordeaux, France
1977 D'Oliveiras, Terrantez, Madeira
Terrantez is one of the rarest varietals on Madeira and this is a stellar example.

Le Papillon Chocolat Azélia 
crémeux onctueux, chantilly au café et une crime glacée au praline
Smooth hazelnut milk chocolate cremeux with coffee chantilly and praline ice cream

Le Moka - Le Thé
Escorté de mignardises
Coffee or tea served with seductive sweets

When we'd finished our meal, I asked Mitchell if he'd ever contemplate eating at the same restaurant twice during a visit to a city.  He thought a bit, then asked for my phone, and checked to see if we could return a day later than planned, and come back here for a meal with the other parts of their menu.  That future dinner to follow . . . . . .
