XnJeadLrlj9AZB8qSdIR2Q I probably can't offer much about Joel Robuchon that hasn't already been said. My husband and I went for an anniversary dinner, and we went all out. We loved it for reasons I'll try to enumerate below. It should be said we adore old-school fine dining, which is increasingly difficult to find anywhere in the U.S. Every once in a while, it's wonderful to be doted on by a bevy of impeccable staff while indulging in a devastatingly expensive four-hour feast of the senses.
 
In a hurry? Need to catch a show? Offended at being told what to wear? This place is not for you. If you want spectacular food without the fuss, try Bouchon, Daniel Boulud, or even Michael Mina's joint right next door. They're all good, but they're not a life experience, and they won't constitute your entertainment and longtime memory of an entire trip. Joel Robuchon will.
 
It's the only three Michelin star place in Vegas, and the only places that come close are the two Michelin star places in town, and we've tried them all, including Alex (rest in peace). They're all wonderful, but none are like Robuchon. Again, that is not a slight on Picasso, Alex, or Guy Savoy. In fact, we had equally delicious food, remarkable service and a great experience at Guy Savoy - all while paying half as much. We loved all those restaurants.
 
None are quite like Joel Robuchon. We both had the 13-course degustation menu. We started with the excellent house champagne, Bruno Paillard. This review could get long and look more like it should be on Chowhound if I detail each course. I'll simply say that we're unabashed food snobs who've  eaten a lot of great things, and we were both blown away by the creativity, cleverness, artfulness, and quality at Joel Robuchon. The meal was delightfully paced as well, and somehow my husband and I managed to finish sated and not even close to stuffed.
 
The setting and service was above reproach, too. Given its location right on the floor of the MGM Grand, we had some concerns about the setting, but one readily forgets that. We found it elegant and romantic. Servers are friendly but not familiar. Things (utensils, bread, plates, courses, etc.) materialize and disappear right when you want them to, almost magically. You are never, ever rushed. The pacing is European and perfect for the cuisine. The sommelier was perfect, helpful and not interested in upselling (interestingly, wine is kind of a bargain at Joel Robuchon, at least compared to its retail prices).
 
The night ended fittingly, with several over-the-top flourishes. First the dessert cart rolled around with dozens of options (just point and it's yours). Next came the tea cart, which was delightfully absurd. You can choose from a standard list of dried teas, or they'll cut live leaves off the potted plants on the cart. We had spearmint and lemon grass, respectively. Once we assured our server we were satisfied, he returned with personalized menus of the meal we just had and what we would learn over coffee the next day was the best cherry-pistachio pound cake ever.
 
It's very formal, very fussy, and very European. It's not for everyone, but if I could add a zero to my annual salary, it would be for me a lot more often.
