XnJeadLrlj9AZB8qSdIR2Q I have mixed feelings about Joël Robuchon, and I'm perfectly willing to admit that it's because this joint is way out of my league... financially.  We read many reviews about this place and found them to be accurate, particularly when they addressed the quality of the food.  NO QUESTION, this was the best food we have had in Vegas (and perhaps ever). Everything, and I mean everything, was just knock your socks off delicious, complex, interesting, and indulgent.  The service was beyond impressive, too.  Everyone knew what everything was, the wait staff was choreographed to negotiate huge trays (with or without food on them) in a way that made the whole operation look like a Balanchine ballet.  So you can imagine how hard it is to find anything to complain about.  The culinary experience was near-flawless.

Wait a darn minute, what do mean "near"?  Well, two things: (a) the portion sized and (b) the price.

I still stand by my statements about the quality.  I had a lobster cooked with uni (sea urchin roe) on a bed of truffle risotto that was to die for.  The problem is that the portion fit on what was basically an oddly-shaped, ramekin-sized soup bowl.  And so it was with the other portions: barely enough to tease your palate, have you humming in delight, and it's gone (who knows, the portions were so small that I suspect evaporation might even be a factor).

Then came the bill.  Good grief.  Let me digress: at seating, one of the waiters asked if we wanted to start the evening with some champagne. We said "sure," to which he replied "white or pink?"  What the heck, "one of each."  That statement, as it turns out, added $70 to the bill.

I'm not going to divulge how much the meal set us back, but I'll give you enough for an educated guess.  Not being able to even think about the 16-course, $495 chef's course, we opted for the $165 prix fixe, which had four courses: amuse bouche, appetizer, entrée, and a thin plate of chocolates for dessert (the bread cart came by before the appetizer, too).  A bottle of Riesling cleared the century mark, you know how much the champagne was, one of the appetizers came with a "surcharge" (I think it was because it had extra truffle or something), and we did have some Hungarian Tokaj to sip with the chocolates.  The term "sticker shock" doesn't quite cover it.

I'll end this (my first yelp review) by emphasizing that if I were a person of more affluence (in this case, much more), I would most likely not care about the bill because the food was so good, it would eclipse the expense.  We came, we ate, we enjoyed, we marveled, we learned and we'll most likely never be back.
