XnJeadLrlj9AZB8qSdIR2Q Joel Robuchon is the only 3 star Michelin restaurant in Vegas. It located at MGM Grand. I have dined in L'ATELIER de Joël Robuchon in Hong Kong and New York, I definitely won't miss Joel Robuchon at Vegas. 

The restaurant was only half full when we walked in. The greeting was great and we got seated to the table right the way.  I knew we would have a wonderful dining experience for seamless, attentive service in an opulent and faultless setting.... So classy.

Our waiter wheeling over the bread cart was surprised us, it filled with at least 17 types of bread. I totally fell in love the shaved French butter which among the best tasting with breads.

I opted for the simplest tasting menu - appetizer, entree and dessert. The amuse bouche was pea gazpacho that jelly type of consistency and it's quite thick of it.

I had sea urchin in lobster gelée which was stunning appetizer. It's high degree of adventurousness to capture the eye as well as the palate. The lobster was perfectly cooked and sea urchin so fresh, the consommé jelly was beautifully plated.

The halibut was the star, it was obviously spectacular. It seared with curry oil fennel cream and so delicious. Yet even with high expectations, I was still blown away.

It's more than words could describe the bon-bon trolley (dessert cart), just heavenly! Wow...  wow... wow... It contains over 20-30 sweets that each made fresh daily. Our waiter presented me with the most delicate lollipop while he named off the cart selections. I really couldn't decide what I wanted coz I wish I could have ALL if I have bigger stomach!
My assortment of sweets - Strawberries lollipop, toffee éclair, pistachio macaroon, lady bug chocolate tart, tiramisu.  I would say all of the sweets were so delicious especially 6 layers tiramisu! 
OMG! My dessert even more surprise... GRIANT chocolate soufflé! It's big as grapefruit size soufflé! This silky smooth hot chocolate soufflé was light yet deliciously indulgent! Seriously, the best soufflé I ever had!
Final surprise.....We got a gift bag with a bar of chocolate and citrus loaf of citrus bread!  So sweet!
We're so enjoy our great meal and such a life time memorable dinner, it totally well worth it
