XnJeadLrlj9AZB8qSdIR2Q My wife and I celebrated our 10th anniversary at this wonderful fine dining restaurant. The experience can only be described with one word, "wow." A good friend of ours recommended this special restaurant for our special occasion. Walking into the front door, we totally forgot that this restaurant is situated inside a busy and noisy casino. We were greeted by a warm smile and led to our seats. Our seats were out in the Vertical Garden surronded by green ivy going up on the wall.

We were handed two menus for select from. One menu is the 16 course degustation menu for $385 per person and a prix fixe menu that ranges from 2 course to 6 course meal to choose from. You really cannot go wrong with either menu. Since our reservation is at 8:30 pm, we thought the 16 course menu may go on too long. I decided to go with the 4 course and my wife went with the 2 course. The waiter were very helpful assisting us with our menu selections. My 4 course meal selection were Le Foie Gras duo mêlé d'artichaut violet en salade aux copeaux de parmigiano reggiano (Foie gras and violet artichoke salad with parmesan shavings) for appetizer, La Châtaigne et le foie gras dans un fin velouté soyeux sur un voile virtuel de lard fumé (Light chestnut velouté with foie gras, smoked lardons foam) for soup, Le Bar et poulpe aux fins aromates avec un jus de citronnelle, jeunes poireaux et artichaut (Pan fried sea bass and octopus with lemon grass, baby leek and artichoke) for main course and La Banane givrée et caramelisée au vieux rhum ambré et une émulsion crémeuse de lait de coco (Banana and passion fruit cream under a dark rum granité and coconut foam) for dessert. My wife selected Le Homard en salade mimosa de chou-fleur fondant à l'aigre doux et des croûtons dorés (Lobster salad with sweet and sour cauliflower mimosa and croutons) for appetizer, Le Bœuf la noix d'entrecôte émincée, épinards au wasabi et légumes arlequins (Beef ribeye, wasabi spinach and a medley of bell peppers) for main course and Le Chocolat grand cru à la glace Arabica, riz soufflé aux zestes de citron confit (Guanaja chocolate with coffee ice cream, caramelized puffed rice and lemon confit) for dessert.

After the tough menu selection, we then faced more choices. The waiter pushed the Le Pain (bread cart) with at least 20 different type of bread to select from. Then it came as a surprise, with the bread the waiter brought out Le Caviar to go with the bread. This is really the first time my wife and I had caviar, and it was excellent. I don't want to get into the detail of each dish that we had for reasons that one, I am not a food critic and two, you have to have it yourself to really know how wonderful each dish were. After the dessert, the waiter came by to show us this beautiful anniversary cake complimentary of the chief. The cake were to die for. Just when we thought that we could not be surprised any more, the waiter push Les Mignardises (charcolate cart) with over 42 different gourment charcolates.

The night was filled with surprises and excitment. I am so glad that we spent our 10th anniversary at this fantastic restaurant.
