XnJeadLrlj9AZB8qSdIR2Q An amazing evening of decadent dining!  I'd give it a solid 4.5 stars (Perhaps I've just been spoiled by fabulous dining experiences while living in NYC.)  

It all begins with a ride in the MGM gold limo, transporting you in style from your hotel to the private entrance of The Mansion.  From there you're escorted by the hostess through the Mansion and the casino to the restaurant. I thought it was richly decorated in rich purples, pale pinks, with green birdcages and (fake) flowers everywhere - though the decor might be too much for some.  You're seated on dark purple couches and even have a stool for your fabulous handbag. 

On to the food!  We started with a glass of champagne ($45 each, yikes!  Though definitely the best champagne my taste buds have ever experienced).  The amuse bouche was caviar, crab, and creme fraiche. Yum - a perfect compliment to the champagne.  My husband and I both had the two course $135/person menu with appetizer, soup, entree, and dessert.  The perfect amount of food (though I had starved myself that day in preparation).

You get your choice(s) of bread from a vast selection (of 20+!) off their bread cart.  The gruyere brioche was my favorite (of the 5 that I tried).  And they kept coming back offering more -- but be sure you save room for the rest of your meal!

For appetizer, I had the salmon tartare with shiso sprouts and caviar (another perfect compliment to the champagne) -- which was better than my husband's king crab salad.  For soup, I had the green pea cream (with bits of ham, mmm...).  Good, but nothing could compare to the truffled onion soup we had at Fleur de Lys.

For our entrees, I had the spiny lobster and my husband had the spring lamb.  Delicious flavors, but not the best we'd had of either.  The spiny lobster was subtly flavored with coral and radish shavings, but I couldn't help comparing it to better spiny lobster I've had in Turks & Caicos.  The quality of the lamb was world class, but the dry mediterranean rub was a bit too citrus-y for my husband's taste.  These, however, were accompanied by creamy mashed potatoes - the ultimate mashed potatoes, tasted like pure butter, only better.

For dessert, we both had the chocolate with coffee ice cream and caramelized puffed rice.  But wait, there's more... Ending the meal with french press coffee, they then roll out a dessert cart filled with an eye-popping selection of tiny desserts.  Each beautifully decorated and equally as delicious.  I chose 7 on my first go around, then went on to eat 5 more of my husband's selections.  Luckily, I still had more room to go, and the waiter brought back another 10 for me!  Hazelnut chocolate, pistacchio with ginger, strawberry cheesecake in milk chocolate, blueberry infused with lavender, five spice petit four... every one a dessert lover's dream!!  As if that wasn't enough, they give the ladies a boxed gift of their strawberry marshmellow candy that I'm still savoring.  

And of course, the service was impeccable.  

Overall a fantastic dining experience - just be sure you're ready to foot the $$$$$$ bill at the end of the meal.
