XnJeadLrlj9AZB8qSdIR2Q A little background: I have eaten at six (or more) Michelin-starred restaurants in the US and Europe.  In Las Vegas over the past 20 years, I have eaten at more than 50 restaurants and at least fifteen of them high-end ones.  I know proper table etiquette, treat people well, and I am not underdressed when dining.  My review will use incomplete sentences.

Better alternatives in Vegas:  Read any of the one- or two- starred yelp reviews and heed their warning.  Then, take that money and go for a truly fine dining experience in Las Vegas, including Picasso (Bellagio), and you will still have money left over for other (less fancy, but beautiful) meals at Bouchon (Venetian) or Tableau (Wynn).

Decor at Joel Robuchon: Horrible table settings--cheap ribbons around napkins, gold plastic table runner over the nicer linen runner, and sequin-covered styrofoam balls scattered on the table.  Framed photos of celebrities--tacky and unattractive.  Paper napkins for towels in bathroom.  Uniforms for women servers were sad, short-sleeved blouses made for a waitress at a diner.  Overall, pretty room, but smoke pours in from the casino each time the door is opened.

Food: Nothing special; in fact it was hard to find something interesting and I ordered chicken for my main course.  Bread cart has a lot of selection, but none overly fresh (which may be why they warm the first selection you make).  Amuse bouche had shell in the tiny amount of crab that was served in a caviar tin on a tacky plaque advertising Joel Robuchon.  The foie gras appetizer gave only 4 to 5 thin slivers of a pate amongst frisee and a tart dressing.  Chicken was perfectly cooked and came with six mushrooms, including a couple of chantrelles, and creamy potatoes.   Do not order dessert as all menus come with an impressive selection of sweets with tea or coffee.

Service: Without soul and not professional.  Often, servers were gossiping with each other in sight of diners.  NOBODY offered the limo, followed up about my polite and discreet mention of the shell in the crab, consistently attended our table, remembered to return the coat hung in another room, or said "thank you" (or anything) as we left the restaurant early in the evening.  I poured my own water and coffee, most of the time.  Sommelier gave fine, not extraordinary, recommendation.  

The restaurant was half full on the Saturday night I dined here with a friend.  Perhaps the word is getting out that this is not a good destination, even if you have money to burn.

Shame on Joel Robuchon for giving bad value and on Michelin Guides for giving bad advice.
