XnJeadLrlj9AZB8qSdIR2Q Where do I begin, this place is over the top luxury, this is my third 3 Michelin star establishment and it was a good one, I have been to The French laundry, and The restaurant at meadowwood. This place falls in between them both.

The food is on par with the French laundry, decadence to the nth degree with a few small faults along the way, first the menu, you either have to choose the full on 500 dollar 16 course prix fine menu or select an ala carte tasting that ranges from 250 dollar 5 course to a 120 dollar 2 course, I wish the cheaper tastings were prix fine so I would not have to worry about the flow of the meal. Every thing looked good so my cousin and I decided to go for the 5 course option and get different things so we could get a variety of tastes. Highlights of the meal include a truffle and foie gras ravioli which was one of the greatest things I have put in my mouth, we followed up with a chicken wrapped foie gras which was the second best thing I have ever put in my mouth. So why only 4 instead of 5 stars? Simple, the whole experience was a bit below the French laundry.

The service at the French laundry is epic, when you leave the table they re fold your napkin, if you prefer not to drink wine they provide you non alcoholic beverages gratis, also you get free coffee service with desert, Joel rubicon does not do any of this, they charged 5 bucks for a coke and 12 bucks for a cappuccino, that's pretty lame for such a pricy meal, not only that they faltered in some of the basic things, I went to the restroom and when I came back they had served an entree, they did not even preserve the dish with a  cloche, that's unacceptable, they either need to wait or cover the dish till I get back, also when we ordered the cappuccino for desert they did not bring the drink till the mignardises, we asked for coffee for our desert and they did not deliver. All in all I can't justify giving Joel robichon the same score as the French laundry, id say the food was on par and in some cases better but the overall experience was not as good.

I also just have to point out that Vegas seems to cheapen the experience a bit, any tom dick or Harry can win a jackpot and enjoy the meal, but something has to be said about the etiquette of other patrons, there was a group of rather loud people in the place and it was pretty annoying, maybe a training should be required to teach people that just because you are paying a lot for food does not mean you can do whatever you want

This is what a 3 Michelin rated restaurant should be like, meadowwood needs to take a page out of the French laundry and Joel robichon.
