XnJeadLrlj9AZB8qSdIR2Q Certainly the gold standard in fine dining. This place is all class (though I found the faux patio and lamps a little off). Starting from the arrival in the house limo, the hostess was fantastic in walking us in through the Mansion entrance and just made the whole experience really something different. 

The 2 appetizers, 1 main, 1 dessert and sweets selection was enough to fill me up but not make me uncomfortably full the way the complete tasting menu (of like 15 dishes) would. My date (who was petite) had just the appetizer, main and sweet selection served to her and she was full by that.

The bread cart was impressive. The bacon baguette is excellent. The brioche, rustic bread and regular baguette are rather forgettable. The basil bun and saffron one were memorable and worth trying.

The cold lobster starter was very tasty and excellently prepared.

The langoustine ravioli were mind blowing. The protein inside was perfectly cooked while the pasta coating was delicate but tasty. Getting it with the foie gras emulsion made it perfectly balanced. The lettuce with the emulsion was the tastiest piece of green ever without losing the original vegetable flavor and texture.

The caviar dish was unique and tasty though the least favorite of our starters. It was like eating a bird's nest with caviar and egg. 

The veal cheeks were perfectly good and a well balanced dish with the broth and veggies. That said, I was a little surprised by how much asian influence it and other dishes had given the French heritage of the place. It was very well complimented by the recommended Pinot noir from burgundy.

The lobster main course was delicious. The initial time they served it, it came out a little chewy but they had no qualms redoing it for us quickly. We were very happy with it the second time around.

The take on Black Forest dessert was incredible. It was a unique experience and definitely something I never seen before. They actually comp'ed us this after the "lobster incident" which was really nice of them and unnecessary but definitely appreciated.

The lemon flavored dessert in sugar bubble was beautifully presented like a real lemon.

The tiramisu was the most memorable among the sweet selections.

I was impressed by the service - friendly, professional, and yet not overbearing or pushy. I did think serving itself was a little less polished than at Jean George while the place wasn't also trying to have the casual vibe of Noma. Still, it was clearly top notch service.

I'd come back here in a heart beat. Easily the best fine dining in Vegas.
