XnJeadLrlj9AZB8qSdIR2Q I've been looking forward to this dinner for a very long time!  Hawaii has amazing asian and fusion food, but not too many French restaurants.. I definitely wanted to try something different that I wouldn't find at home!  

Reservations were made for two at 6pm by our Amex concierge, but she made it for L'Atelier de Joël Robuchon, even though I thought I had made it very clear I wanted Joël Robuchon..which is the restaurant to the right and next to L'Atelier.  The menu that I wanted to try I knew would take about three hours, but luckily they were able to switch the reservation and get us in at 5:45pm!  I normally don't eat early but we had tickets for Cirque du Soleil "O", so we had to have enough time to eat but also to enjoy our food!  Give yourself a few hours to eat here and take your time, it's very worth it! 

I love having a variety of food to eat (eating only one or two dishes isn't fun for me), so I knew I had to have the degustation menu.  I believe it was 18 courses, and every bite was amazing!  I can't get into detail because every course honestly can't be put into words, every bite was to be savored and there is nothing like this in Hawaii.  It is definitely worth trying, forget the price tag and just treat yourself to a wonderful, one of a kind meal!

You could order the course set (where you can choose a couple of appetizers, entrees and dessert) but you might not get the satisfaction nor the full experience that comes with ordering the carefully planned out Degustation.  The chance to sample Joël Robuchon's signature dishes in his 3 Michelin star restaurant was definitely a once in a lifetime experience!  

At the end of our meal, executive chef  Claude Le-Tohic came out to say hi and we got to take a picture with him!  I mean, I figured someone who was running the kitchen of the only three star Michelin restaurant in Vegas would be a little arrogant (and rightfully so), but he was the nicest, most humble chef I have ever met.  He even saw us outside by the slots and said hi! I was so happy! Best dining experience I have had yet!
