XnJeadLrlj9AZB8qSdIR2Q The restaurant setting is very elegant, classy, yet comfortable. We spent 2-3 hours there (and yet it didn't feel that long- to be honest we never spent that much time in a restaurant feeling that comfortable). Service is top- notch!

After decided on what we wanted, the server came with a cart full of bread and started explaining all different types of bread. I had to remember which one I wanted. My boyfriend chuckled because he just lost all his memories of all the breads on the cart so he asked the server to get what's best out of the cart. The butter!!! Love.

Some of our dishes:
Amuse Bouche
Cauliflower Puree: On our fist sip, we knew this was going to be a great night! It was rich and tasty! (8/10)


Cold Appetizer
Le Homard- Maine Lobster with sweet & sour dressing: The lobster cooked to perfection, the dressing was very refreshing to cleanse the richness from the previous dish. (9/10)

Le Tartare de Saumon- salmon tartare and caviar: The salmon was really tasty and the caviar complemented the salmon very well (9/10)


Hot Appetizer
La Langoustine- Truffled langoustine, foie gras emulsion, and green cabbage (suppl. $35): MY FAVORITE DISH! This dish had a lot of different flavors in it, and yet I could taste every bit of layers! And they perfectly complemented each other to create one heck of an amazing dish! (12/10) 


Main Course
Le Veau- veal in Thai Broth, vegetable couscous w/ broccoli: My boyfriend loved it!! I didn't try it because I'm allergic to veal.

Le Homard- Grilled Lobster in Malabar pepper sauce with baby spinach: I was okay with this dish, but it was still an above average dish. (7/10)

PS: Our main dish came with mashed potato ( I forgot what the classy name they had for it). I didn't see the yelpers mention this a lot when I read for reviews, but this is the best mashed potato I have had in my whole life! My boyfriend is not a big fan of carbs, but he loved this potato like no other. Very creamy, rich, tasty, all in once!! (9.5/10)


Dessert
Lychee Sorbet: I forgot what they called this. For me it was okay, but my bf loved it! It was the perfect dessert to close the meal. It was fresh, light, sweeten perfectly.

Le Rubis- Raspberry Dome: I loveeee this dessert! It looked elegant and it tasted incredible! It has different layers of flavors and the white thing on the bottom (I didn't know that was it, but it was absolutely amazing!!! (10/10)


They were not done.
They brought  a cart of beautiful, elegant looking desserts for us to choose. My favorite is the banana éclair! To top it off, they gave us a parting gift, which I ate a day later to bring back home.
It was yummy, fruity, and still moist even after a day or two old.

This place is one of the best restaurants I've been to. Yes it has a hefty price tag, but it is definitely worth every penny.
