XnJeadLrlj9AZB8qSdIR2Q We have been looking forward to eating here for years but have had some bad experiences with expensive meals in Las Vegas and did not want to spend $1,000 on a forgettable meal.

We made reservations a few weeks ahead of time for a Sunday a few days after our anniversary. We were seated right away and asked if we wanted the sparkling bottled water or if we wanted the tap water. I hope I live long enough to see gourmet restaurants cutting this nickel and dime crap. I really bothers me that they feel the need to pressure you into spending $10 a glass for bottled water. OK rant over.

Everything in the room as far as decor was perfect, I was expecting the loud purple curtains and wallpaper but they are gone. The music was classical and at the perfect level.

Service was attentive but not perfect, crumbs did not get removed until we got desert. We did not receive a copy of the menu in our gift bag. When my wife got up to use the bathroom she had to wander around a bit to find out where they were.

We both ordered the $198 menu with two appetizers, one main, and one desert. Right off the bat the waiter and wine steward seemed just a little off when we did not order the 16 course meals with wine pairings. We ordered 1/2 bottle of white for the appetizers and each a glass of red for the main. The wine steward ran off before we could talk about desert wines and we never saw him again.

I ordered Le Caviar Imperial and it was very good and just salty enough to not be overwhelming. The thin crackers fell apart and were nearly impossible to use for eating the caviar. My wife got the white asparagus which was perfect.

For hot appetizers I had La Langoustine, I took another reviewers advice and made sure to get a piece of saffron bread to go with it. This was one of the best appetizers I have ever had, the foie gras emulsion was sublime. Wine got the lobster which again was perfect.

For the main course my wife opted for the black Cod which was perfectly cooked. I settled for the grilled beef ribeye, it was probably the best beef dish I have ever had. It was ordered medium rare and came out bright red all the way thru yet was perfectly cooked. It was truly memorable and melted in my mouth. I say I settled because I was prepared to order the duck  with foie gras but it was not on the menu. I could not understand why as they listed it on the 16 course menu for that same day and had a whole duck option for two people but my wife hates foie gras. 

For desert I got the vanilla globe, which was ok and got tiresome after the first bite. Her black forest cake was a work of art and I loved the one bite she let me steal.

I felt the bread cart and the mignardises were both overkill and were a little out of place at a 3 star restaurant. The tiny pieces of bread cool off very fast and they lose something if you don't eat them warm.The sweets were attractive but did not really stand out. 

The presentation of every single dish, even the freebies, was a work of art. One amuse was topped with caviar but the waiter talked to softly I could not hear the description. The first amuse was also unknown but the taste and texture of both was outstanding. I think that we would have been really stuffed if we opted for the 16 course meal or the $250 meal with two mains. 

With tip we spent just under $1,000 and never at any time did I feel we were not getting our moneys worth. Except for the first two courses we never felt we were being rushed. The servers explained every dish, although it was hard to hear them. We will definitely be back again and hopefully Le Canard will be available as a main course.
