XnJeadLrlj9AZB8qSdIR2Q four stars because it really could have been a better experience. maybe it's my fault for anticipating this experience with such enthusiasm in the weeks leading up to the meal.

the evening started out wonderfully. we took advantage of the free limo and a hostess met us when the limo arrived, and walked us to the restaurant entrance. the dining room is gorgeous, the decor is muted but with a subtle elegance.

we wanted to bring wine (I'm a collector) but the corkage is $100 per bottle and the wine list prices are insane, so we opted for cocktails. not that you'd be bargain hunting if you're dining here, but the cocktails are a good deal. the speciality drinks were $22 and a premium vodka martini was $14 (although both were pretty small)

we opted for the $250 tasting menu (two appetizers, two entrees, one dessert) which was the right amount of food for us. but be aware that many of the items had supplemental pricing. for example an appetizer with truffles added $50 to the bill.

as has been mentioned here a few times, the breads are amazing. it's really hard not to eat too much of it. we loved the bacon bread and the gruyere puffs. my mouth is watering just thinking of them.

recommended apps: Sea urchin with langoustine which was amazing and so beautifully presented, truly an exceptional dish. lobster in a thinly sliced turnip with sweet and sour dressing had a nice portion of lobster meat. we also had the Carpaccio of foie gras and Paris mushrooms, veal raviolis cooked in broth with black truffle which were both excellent.

I felt the appetizers were more of a star than the mains. my favorite entrees were the duck with foie gras and the Roasted veal chop in its natural jus, crisp thin chanterelle ravioli. we also had the Lobster roasted with chestnuts and asparagus, shellfish jus, which we both felt has a little too chewy although the sauce was superb. the biggest disappointment was the Pan-fried sea bass with a lemongrass foam and stewed baby leeks which was beautiful to look at but the fish was clearly overcooked and very dry. we both knew immediately after taking one bite. we mentioned it to the server who offered us an extra dessert as compensation. 

for dessert we both had a chocolate souffle, but we didn't have to pre-order it so I'm not sure how it was ready to serve right after ordering. we also felt it was very dry and too large. the scoop of ice cream helped, but neither of us could finish it. they bring a cart with 40 small candied sweets and small cakes and tarts which, in retrospect, I would have preferred over the souffle, but by the time the cart came around we were too full to enjoy it.

now for the disappointment. the service was good, but not exceptional. for the most part, kind of perfunctory and a little cold. I'm not sure if it was because we didn't order wine, but by the time we got near the end of the meal, I didn't feel like we were getting the exemplary service that we should have considering the food and reputation. some of the reviewers' comments here with similar complaints think it's because they didn't order wine. I'm not sure if this is the reason or not. the staff in a top restaurant needn't be obsequious, but at this level, the service should be outstanding and something that adds to the value of the experience.

I'm glad for the experience and many of the dishes were definitely best of the best, but I'm not sure I'll come back.
