XnJeadLrlj9AZB8qSdIR2Q We stayed at the MGM Grand's Skylofts and during our week stay they suggested we experience Joel Robuchon.  Our personal concierge made reservations and the restaurant highly recommended that as well.

The good people at MGM stated this limited seating restaurant served traditional French cuisine.  Since it was our first time dining there, we thought to delight in the sixteen course tasting menu along with a Dom 1990.  The event was bliss but very filling hehe.  

In the beginning of the course there was a spoon sample here and a bite size morsel there so we thought this was going to be a tasteful journey.... then by the sixth course we felt that we may have bitten off more than we can definitely chew.  Each treat had its own unique taste and texture for our palates but we agreed that next time the six course tasting menu will suffice.  

During the course, there were a few that were quite tasty.  Le Caviar (thin slices scallops w/lime zest, cauliflower cream, thin couscous and Oscetra caviar) was a surprise since I am not the caviar type.  Le Veau (sautéed veal chop w/natural jus and vegetable taglierinis flavored w/pesto) and La Coriandre (cilantro, gazpacho of red beet root w/olive oil) were also memorable.  

I had to check the MGM web site because I couldn't remember the names but reading each description of the course helped for this review.

Before each course was served, the name and description was announced.  That service was informative since the majority of these goodies, visually, were foreign to me.

After each tastings, it was finally time for dessert!  I mainly sampled familiar pastries from their dessert cart.  They looked like what you'd expect in French sweets but more divine... what a way to have ended this journey.  

The dress code stated as 'formal' attire but we dressed in contemporary casual wear and they didn't comment.  To be on the safe side, please follow their code request.  We failed to inquire on what to wear so after we visited the various shoppes, Joel was our next stop.
