XnJeadLrlj9AZB8qSdIR2Q The initial review is below, but the newly edited view rates the Menu Decouvrete.

Magnifique!

Robuchon's tasting menu was a true delight.  We took up the waiter's offer for him to pick wine pairings for us, and instead of a specific flight, with one per course (which would have killed me) he did a "half a glass" with every other course.  The half glasses were very generous, and I was rather tipsy on excellent wine, along with a great meal.  We were actually also given matching desert wines on the house.  That being said, it still almost came out to $500 with a generous tip, but it was well worth it.

L'AMUSE-BOUCHE
Cucumber gele tarragon cream, cumin yogurt 
It included all of the flavors of Indian food, without the heaviness or heat.  A perfect way to start a discovery menu.

LE THON ROUGE
Bluefin tuna with tomato infused olive oil 
Perfect thickness of tuna, and seasoned exceptionally well. This is coming from a sushi afficianado.

LA SAINT-JACQUES
Fresh scallops cooked in the shell with seaweed infused butter 
The seaweed butter really added an amazing depth to this dish.

L'OEUF
Egg cocotte topped with a light mushroom cream 
Wow.  It was rich, flavorful, and decadent.

LA CHATAIGNE
Light chestnut velout with caramelized foie gras and crispy bacon 
The richest of the dishes, they did not skimp on the foie, and the chestnut's sweetness complemented the richness of the foie perfectly.

LE SAUMON
Slightly smoked salmon served warm confit potatoes 
The salmon was cooked perfectly, and the portion was more than generous, after having so many dishes.

LA CAILLE
Free-range quail stuffed with foie gras and served with truffled-mashed potatoes 
This is so good, it makes me tear up just thinking about it.  Rich, sweet, smooth, amazing textures and flavors combined without being overwhelming.


LA MANDARINE
Sheep's milk yogurt panna cotta, mandarin confit, bergamot tea infusion 
I loved the bergamot tea infusion.  The balance of flavors was excellent.

LA POIRE
Pear sorbet, meringue glace, chocolate-caramelized cinnamon cream 
I think pear is highly underused in the states.  This was excellent, and the pear sorbet encased in the meringue was genius.

LE CAFE
Coffee or Espresso


__ The old review__

Okay...so why don't more people in the US know who Joel Robuchon is?  What's wrong with you people?  The national treasure in France?  Ring a bell!  Good Lord, please eat here if you can afford it!  The Le Caille was the finest dish I've ever consumed in my life.  Free-range quail stuffed with foie gras and served with truffled-mashed potatoes... and the thing I remember the most was the potatoes. This is not to discount anything about the quail, which was amazing, but the potatoes are like starch silk.  Just amazing stuff.

I highly reccomend the chartreusse dessert.  Lighter than air, just sweet, lovely, and amazing.  The kitchen is immaculate, and you can watch as they cook and prep in front of you.  Amazing service, and knowledgeable service, which isn't always easy to find in Vegas.  Shine on you crazy 5 diamonds.
