XnJeadLrlj9AZB8qSdIR2Q Eh.

That pretty much sums up my experience at Joel Robuchon's restaurant at the MGM Grand. 

When your bill was well over $5,000, as ours was, "eh" is not supposed to be in your vocabulary. 

Now, here's the rub, there is nothing WRONG with this restaurant. The kitchen is impeccable (do ask for a tour when  you're there, that was one of the few highlights), the bathroom has gold finishes, and the food is generally enjoyable.  There was just no spark.  It was like going out on a second date with someone you totally dig as a person (and have heard NOTHING but good things about), but you just don't want to waste your time going on a third date when you don't want to jump their bones. Perhaps it really is me and not you? 

A little background: we were a group of late twenty-somethings in Vegas for a yearly reunion. We're all well traveled and well fed pseudo-foodies. We love food. We love wine. We love having a good time. 

If you're looking to have a good time, let me just tell you that going to JR will not be conducive to that. The main dining room is more like a monastery than a restaurant. I could hear a pin drop. Thank god, for the private room we decided to eat in cause I think I would've been suffocated by the oppressive silence that sat in the main dining room. 

The staff was nice enough, though I'm pretty sure the Sommelier wanted us banished. We asked a few questions about the wine menu (sharing wine pairings for example: at $200+ on top of the few hundred dollars each our dinner was going to be already, we wanted to know if we could share with our partner) and were shut down on many fronts. Fine, whatever ."If you have to ask..."is the general feeling I got off that guy. 

Also, the menu they sent to us before hand was NOT the menu we ended up getting when we got there and they seemed a little snippy with us when we discovered a few items that some of us would not/could not eat. My thought? If you are paying a few hundred dollars to eat a few ounces of food, it better be something you are neither allergic to nor the thought of which makes your stomach turn. They did end up obliging us, but I felt like Julia Roberts in Pretty Woman, as if asking was clearly so faux pas and un nouveau riche of us that I should have just kept my mouth shut.

The food itself was fine. Lots of molecular gastronomic flourishes. Interesting combinations. Liberal use of truffles and foie gras. You know, the usual for these types of restaurants. The veal cheeks were pretty freaking amazing, but at the end of the meal I was hungrier than when I first started eating. 

Saving grace? The bread cart. The sweet sweet bread cart. 

All in all, I felt like I were suddenly transported to an episode of Platinum Weddings (there were actually pink and white fake diamonds scattered around our table with purple ribbons and shimmery menu paper...) It was great for like five minutes, but at the end of the evening I was hungry, a little slighted, and ready to exist back in the real world.

At least I got some lemon loaf (included in their swag bag) for the road...
