xNnZ5ksBY1gwwTV2Btb4Ag So good here! Big and open, sunny and warm, this place is really comfortable and fun. I've been here twice, once for an anniversary dinner, and once with another couple. While there are a number of private tables, our four-top was actually an eight-top that we shared with another party. But the high ceilings and great light-- maybe, I don't really know -- made it so our neighbours didn't make us feel uncomfortable or crowded. Instead, it just felt really fun and relaxed. It also helps that everyone in the place is young and beautiful. This place has an amazing vibe with a great wine list and a beautiful hanging light-bulb lit bar. The decor is definitely reminiscent of Au Pied du Cochon, but it's more open and not as dark, and less tables makes it less crowded. 

The food was incredible. I've had beet salad with manchego cheese and pecans-- a dish I've attempted at home numerous times since. It was served on a narrow and long slab of wood-- it was pretty but made keeping everything off the table a little difficult. Maybe a little gimmicky. The venison carpaccio was beautiful and delicious-- although as other reviewers have pointed out, it really could ditch the mayo sauce.  My first experience with gnocchi was at this place. And although the creamy sauce was a bit rich for me, I've since craved it many times. The blood sausage was perfectly crumbly and buttery. The pork belly was crispy-- and had the melt in your mouth fattiness that tastes so good it's sooo worth the bad things it does to your arteries. I love meat-- one of those people who can't be friends with someone who orders a filet well-done-- and this place does pork and game right. The portions are quite generous, I've never been able to finish my mains. Accordingly, I can't comment on the desserts as I've never tried any. It's pricey, but nothing you wouldn't expect to pay for such bistro fare. 

My only complaint with the place is that they didn't put enough cassis in my Kir. Also, while I found the view of the racks of animal carcasses in the back comforting and cool, it may make some squeamish, I guess.
