xVEtGucSRLk5pxxN0t4i6g Warning: If you do not have some "Benjamins" in your wallet skip this place and go to the nearest buffet
 
We were walking around in a 106 degree weather hubby was wearing his shorts and golf shirt  (collared shirt so they allowed his top) Eiffel loaned him some pants to dine here. 

So off we go try this resto.with postcard-perfect view of Vegas.  When our name was called we were invited to the bar which I think a highway robbery, cocktail menu is in the top $. 
but hubby was in the mood and ordered a single malt whiskey 18, I don't drink so was given water.
We snagged a nice seat in the middle 3rd level area and had a great view of the Bellagio fountain show. To add to the ambiance, a French accented server took our order. 

I wanted to order the pork chop but was warned that it is salty *thanks I hate salty food,  so I opted for the rack of lamb 59  (comes in 3 pcs 20 per piece of meat chops WHOA !). For my taste, the tomato and lamb was not a good pairing. I tasted rack of lamb at my local bistro,  w some pear chutney and that was unforgettable. I requested a side of mint jelly to compliment the lamb. That was delish w the jelly. Also ordered a bottle of sparkling water Badoit. 

Hubby had the 22 oz ribeye w a bone marrow 89 ordered side of potato gratin 10 and mushroom 15. He was in cow heaven! Paired w cabernet sauvignon.
French accented guy recommended to throw in the Seafood platter to the order 69 per person (one order to share). Are you kidding me? it would be gluttony. We sort of agreed at first, then requested to please take it off the seafood platter from the order. I regretted ordering the sides too. With the price of the proteins, all sides MUST come as gratis. But oh well this is Eiffel Tower of LV,

We did not have room for dessert so we said no to the litany of dessert list, but the French accented guy was kind enough to give one small shot of complimentary small chocolate mousse to share.

Overall view is nice, service is attentive yet a bit pushy in the ordering process, The more they throw in the table, the bigger the tip.The guy who offers bread is very friendly, 

The bill came to $200+. Will I come back? Maybe not, it was a bit stressful dining here. I truly miss my neck of the woods fine dining.
