xVEtGucSRLk5pxxN0t4i6g It was a Vegas trip that I organized for my boyfriend who finds Vegas boring and pricey restuarants high on show and low on taste. Well it all changed when we went to Eiffel Tower. We loved it right from getting into the elevator to time we made an exit the with our souvenier (little too pricey picture). 

Food : We both aren't much of foodie when it comes to experimenting and me being Vegetarian further limits the options. My boyfriend opted for chicken based entree while I had no choice but to go for only Vegetarian item i.e. Vegetarian Crepes. And my my was the food delicious!! yes it was 100%. I got too tempted when I saw the chicken and tasted for myself. It was pefect tender inside , cooked with precision and the flavors yumm.. My crepes were incredible. The sauce on my plate was to die for. I had mushroom spaetzel were amazing and recipe sounded pretty interesting. My boyfriend had potato on the side, very different and very yumm. After reading all the other reviews I took pistachio souffle. I found it little bitter, I'l ltry chocolate flavor next time. So, all the vegetarians outs there , don't worry !

View : I got lucky or may be it was my little note when I made reservations in OpenTable ,that we got the table with the view. The view was BREATHTAKING. Ambience could have been romantic but for the crowd making noise. But it was more of happy noise that saves a place from getting dull. I didn't mind it. I had enough romance going on in my small table enjoying the fountains.

Dress Code : They say that formal dress code is required but I saw men in shorts all the time. But seriusly , this place has all the makings of a special night. So, I'd suggesst make it a dressy unforgettable night !

Service : We had to wait for a while because we were about 45 mins late for our 8:15 reservation (blame my flat iron process). Service was quite nice except for the first waitress who served us wine who seemed reluctant to offer an extra napkin ! We found it wierd but it wasn't a big deal. Our server compensated for this faux pas for rest of the evening.

We even got our picture taken because it was just so perfect !
J'aime Eiffel Tower !
Highly recommended !
