xVEtGucSRLk5pxxN0t4i6g My sister and I had dinner here last night (on her company's dime, thank god) and were hugely disappointed.  We sat near the window...with barely a view of the strip.   It's really not that high up, so I wasn't incredibly impressed by the view people keep yapping about.  If you want an amazing view, I suggest the Top of the World restaurant at the Stratosphere instead.  For ambiance, I'd give it 4 stars.  It was nice although sound from other tables really carries well.  

Let's talk about the food since that's the most important part about the experience.  Ok, for a place this expensive, I don't expect good.  I expect damn good.  And damn, it wasn't good.  For bread, it was typical crusty baguette, multigrain, or sourdough.  Nothing to write home about.  To start off, the menu had enough choices, but we didn't see anything that really stuck out.  Yes it's a fancy French restaurant, so I expected to not know what half the words meant, but come on, you don't have to make the menu sound so pretentious!  Anyway, as an appetizer ($20), the escargot was quite nice, better than Mon Ami Gabi downstairs and was much better than either of our entrees: Wild Red Snapper & Duck 2 Ways.  My fish was light and delicate, cooked in grapeseed oil.  It was served over really buttery swiss chard, onions, and broccolini.  For $40, I expected my taste buds to be dancing and begging for more.  They weren't.  My sister's $40 duck was (as the named implied) cooked 2 ways...confit (fancy way of saying fried) and roasted to a medium rare.  The confit lacked favor and moisture.  It was definitely over cooked.  I prefer the duck hanging in the windows of Chinatown hole in the walls over this any day.  The roasted duck was better...although a little too rare for my taste.  It was served over a mix of wild rice, braised turnip and other fancy stuff I can't pronounce.  It tasted fine but again I wasn't jumping up and down.  We also ordered  a side of the sauteed wild mushrooms, which were yummy.  But not worth 9 bucks.  We skipped dessert because nothing sounded that appealing.  

Service was your typical upscale restaurant service...nice, prompt, but unmemorable.  If I had actually paid for the meal, I would feel totally ripped off.  I've had my fair share of nice fancy restaurants with spectacular views, but this place is needs to work on making it's food more approachable and frankly, good. Overall, I think the place itself is nice...especially for a special outing, but for the food and the price you'd pay for it, go elsewhere.
