xVEtGucSRLk5pxxN0t4i6g Come for the view, maybe leave without food! At least this was my last experience with the Eiffel Tower restaurant. 

I have been in to eat 3 times now. The first 2 times were wonderful; 4 stars. This last time however was an abysmal 1 star.

First of all, the view of the Bellagio and their stunning fountain is fantastic. Romantic, breathtaking and all other adjectives found in thesaurus. The staff is 5 stars all the way; from the helpful hostesses to the swift bread guy that is at your table though out your entire meal making sure you have a new, fresh piece of bread from the 5 different varieties in the basket.  Amazing! Kudos to him. The wait staff is all uniformly good as well - although at one point I finished my glass of wine and instead of refilling it from the bottle at the table, my waitress snatched it away leaving me wine free. I had to flag someone down to get me a fresh glass! And this is in Vegas! Humph, not impressed. 

Now, on to the food: My very first time in I ordered the seafood tower - go big or go home, right? It was crazy expense and worth every penny. It was fresh, tasty, totally over the top with how gigantic it was and resulted in a story to be told for years. My second time in was for a family meal. We went traditional with fish or steak entrees; the decadent bacon brussel sprouts on the side as well as potatoes. This meal had nothing negative to comment on.  Overpriced but when you factor in the view, worth it for sure. Now my most recent visit: I decided to really see what the menu was like away from the tried and true entrees. So, I started with Lobster Bouillon soup with lobster flan, Celery and toasted brioche. The soup was creamy, very rich and the brioche was perfect to dip in.  The flan however was like an orange, wiggly, tasteless blob... Like, crazy tasteless. Next I had the worst, over vinegary, kale salad ever. And I love balsamic vinegar, I even drizzle it on ice cream! This salad was horrible, oh, and had 3 tiny cherries.... Thanks, wouldn't want to over cherry, you might take away from the all the vinegar.   

Finally, I was so excited to have the Foie Gras Torchon with duck prosciutto and fig compote. The Foie was slimy on top and congealed so it was hard to break through, I had to use a knife to cut it!  Also didn't have that amazing buttery, melt in your mouth quality; it actually didn't taste much at all. I have never seen or tasted Foie like this - I know Canada is lucky that we have free-range farms and ability to produce amazing, sinfully delicious tasting Foie. This was just disappointing and sad. Hands down the worst Foie I have ever had.  Oh, and the duck prosciutto was as hard as glass. It actually cut my gum open when I tried to chew it. 

I would have had dessert but my mouth was bleeding from the duck glass. 

Le repas était horrible!
