xVEtGucSRLk5pxxN0t4i6g The Eiffel Tower is where you should have your next special, romantic celebration while in Vegas.  I reserved a table for my wife and I to celebrate her big 30.  I initially reserved us a table at 9:45pm (it was late since we flew from Seattle that evening).  However, due to traffic and some delays, I called the Eiffel Tower to push back the time to 10:15pm and they graciously accommodated my request despite their busy night.

At first I wasn't sure how to get there, but the friendly valets at the Paris Las Vegas happily showed us the way.  You get there through a private elevator in the middle of the casino.

The ride up the glass elevator was a perfect start to the experience, which takes us to the kitchen where you can see the busy chefs working on the meals.  We were seated by the window with a great view of the iconic Bellagio Fountains, which made the experience very romantic, with its water show coming up every 15 minutes.

We had a couple of glasses of wine --- they have a great selection.  The bread was awesome too (good bread usually means everything else is good!).  I ordered the new york steak with bone marrow and cab reduction and thoroughly enjoyed it!  My wife ordered their "surf and turf" offering --- prime beef strip loin with butter poached lobster.  Amazing dish.  In a city filled excesses of buffets and the like, a nice sit down dinner with perfectly sized portions is like an oasis in the desert.

We had very good service, probably because we were served by the restaurant captain, Ron Gonzales.  His service, attention and graciousness scores five stars itself.  He took lots and lots of photos of us, even suggesting that we call him when the fountains start dancing to capture a perfect shot.  He was very quick and offered wonderful suggestions, such as the chocolate souffle which is a must try.  To top it all, Ron served my wife with a complimentary chocolate pudding with a big "happy birthday" written in chocolate.  The pudding was decadent!

Make sure you call the restaurant and advise them of what you want to do, like birthday celebrations (I hear they do proposals too).  They will work with you on your requests/demands.

Overall a great experience!  Will come back again definitely!
