xVEtGucSRLk5pxxN0t4i6g Service A+
View A+
Food A

I was very impressed with the Eiffel Tower Restaurant experience we enjoyed last night.
From the moment you enter the elevator to the middle of the faux Eiffel Tower you are treated like princes and princesses.  The staff is very friendly and helpful and our waitress was fantastic. She was very knowledgeable about the menu, honest in her recommendations and did her best to meet some of our more food restrictive diners.
Our table had an excellent view of the Bellagio Fountains which made every 15 minutes a treat.

We started with a fennel parfait compliments of the chef.  For an appetizer we shared a seafood treasure chest of lobster, crab leg, oysters, shrimp and a seafood salad.  For an appetizer, a single order of the seafood appetizer will be enough for two to share.

For dinner I enjoyed the beef wellington, light and flaky with an earthy mushroom flavor and beautifully cooked so it cut like butter and melted in your mouth.

We also tried the Rabbit which was surprisingly tasty, flaky but moist.
The crab salad was also well presented.

The restaurant was able to accomodate the special requests for a picky eater in our company who has several allergies.  When they couldn't, they were quick to inform her of the reason and other options.

I have to say I was very disappointed in the kids menu.  Although reasonably priced and with crayons and a kids coloring menu, the options were pasta with butter or marinara, grilled cheese and chicken.  I mean this is a beautiful, top food restaurant and you can't get more creative on your kids menu?  So many restaurants sell the kids tastes short but I would have gladly paid an extra couple of dollars for her to be able to add shrimp or chicken to her pasta, or have a fish option.

Other than the kids menu, it was a fantastic dining experience.
NOTE: This is one of those places where you pay more for the location and view so the prices will be high.  It is also one of those places where it is worth the price.

NOTE 2: Although I was there with my family, this would be a very romantic date spot.
