xVEtGucSRLk5pxxN0t4i6g I considered a single star for this review but I feel that Yelp is often drowning in hyperbole. If the collective internet beats its chest and hoots about how ever little moment is the "best" and "worst" then the praise and admonition lose their value so I will simply start with this; our dinner at Eiffel Tower on Saturday was a tremendous disappointment and we will not return.

Dinner started well enough. We were seated at a lovely two top which offered a view of sunset playing out over the Bellagio's fountain and the visually arresting architecture of City Center. The ambiance of Eiffel Tower itself was lovely and made clear that wasn't just a window to look out! We should expect great things! These expectations went unmet.

Dinner started well enough a cucumber palette cleanser and Cold Foie Gras Torchon. Then our entrées arrived and things went down hill fast. I tucked into my rabbit to find the preparation unengaging, bland and forgettable. There was nothing about it that made clear why lapin is a cornerstone of classic French cuisine. As our appetizer, ambiance and service thus far had been good I was prepared to work through my concerns. Then my wife cut into her filet. A steak ordered medium rare was served somewhere between medium well and well done. She took a bite hoping that the steak was salvageable and it wasn't. When our server returned my wife shared her concern and the server's response was to shield the steak from the sun with her hand and to tell my wife that her eyes were playing tricks on her and that this gray mass was a medium rare steak. As my wife opened her mouth to reply the server, having realized how gauche response to situation was cut my wife off and said "Unless of course you tried it. Then you know it is overdone." My wife affirmed that this was the case. Her food was taken up as I continued poking through my rabbit.

I had taken the last bite of my rabbit and without a word a busser swooped onto our table and wordlessly grabbed my plate. I'd yet to even have a bite of the wild mushrooms I'd ordered or the potatoes but the plate was snatched and gone before I could say a word. When a new steak was brought out we had to ask for fresh silver and a new plate just so I could sample the accompaniments I ordered.

As our meal drew to a close and my wife and I prepared to leave the same over active busser returned to our table. His arms already full from another two top he had cleared and he began to grab our plates. He was, by the way, the third employee to step on my foot to reach over me that evening. It was obvious his arms were too full and that he was having difficulty maintaing balance in his hands as he put the last plate into his arms the whole thing gave way and he managed to drop our dishes all over my dinner jacket and slacks, covering them in potatoes. He hurriedly gathering them back up and rushed away without acknowledging the oil stain that will require dry cleaning on my jacket.

My wife and I would have asked to speak to a manager regarding dinner but we had tickets for a show at Bally's and had to leave. I can't in good faith suggest this place to anyone but Is suppose Beth and I could have just been terribly unlucky.
