xVEtGucSRLk5pxxN0t4i6g OK my family ate here Christmas night 2011.  Gorgeous restaurant! Spectacular view!  Wonderful service!  Everything I ate was really good.  My only complaint were the hostesses.  All of them were sour and had the personalities of blank pieces of a paper. Luckily  there is minimal interraction with them.

The Wait Staff was really on top of it.  Awesome!

The Food...excellent.  The bread selection was extensive.  I tried about 4 different types of breads and they were all really good.  I can't think of the french term for the item they bring to start off your meal...whatever it's called, really really good.  It was a a califlower puree.  We all enjoyed it, along with the raw beef appetizer which was very flavorful.

Everyone at my table had a different entree. I can't remember what everyone had right now...I know I had the duck, someone had chicken, someone had beef, someone had fish...everyone loved their food!

A couple of people had mixed drinks...can't remember what they were.  But they liked them.  I along with my parents had red wine. Very pleased.

From the very beginning, our waiter explained to us that they are knonw for their souffle and if we wanted it, we needed to order it right away because it took a long while to make.  So my dad, sister and I went ahead and ordered the souffle. My dad and I had the chocolate souffle...my sister had the banana souffle I think.  We all enjoyed it but it wasn't ALL THAT to us.  Also, the menu said it was $8 but we were actually charged $15 per souffle.  We didn't understand why and were too lazy to inquire.

The view...I think from most/all tables in the restaurant you have a direct view of Bellagio's fountains.  It was lovely being able to watch the water show while enjoying our meal.

This place is the ultimate for a romantic dinner.  I noticed there were tons of 2 seater tables right at the window.  Which is cool, especially for their special sunset dinner they have.  

On the flip side of that, I did see a lot of larger groups there, like my family.  I think because it was Christmas night, there were a lot of families like us, having their Christmas dinner there.  Great choice.  We were all very pleased.

This was one of the most enjoyable meal experiences I've had while in Vegas.  I highly recommend it!
