xVEtGucSRLk5pxxN0t4i6g My first Yelp review, and long overdue!

Me and my now fiance had a spectacular dinner here on 8/20/2013 to celebrate our engagement.  I arranged a special dinner & evening out with the Restaurant Supervisor Lyle Tolhurst and Restaurant Director of Special Events Annie Kang-Drachen.  They came thru for us big-time!

I didn't actually utilize their "proposal package" per se, as I had already popped the question a little over an hour beforehand during a rather elaborate day of events... but Annie did arrange for several elements of their proposal package to be included with our dinner "package".  [customized menus printed, flowers for the table, pictures, tour to top of the tower and the 2 hour limo tour after dinner]

As far as the food: We started with a caviar course and enjoyed a bottle of Dom.  We did the full tasting menu with wine pairings for dinner and ended with a couple of souffle's.  I did the chocolate souffle and my bride-to-be the pistachio souffle. EVERYTHING we ate was spectacular!!!!!  I am not a fish fan, but the halibut that came as one of the courses in the tasting menu really was a to-die-for dish! 

Service:  We were treated like a king & queen!  I couldn't have asked for anything better.. all of the restaurant personnel, from the waiters to the photographer were first class.

View & Atmosphere:  We were seated at the special corner table you see in all the pics.  It was special.. It was awesome!  

Gripes: I really only have one.. and that is the markup for the champagne was atrocious by even Vegas standards.  But with that being said.. would I pay it again there? YUP!  

Excluding the price of the champagne ($510 for 2002 bottle of Dom), I found there to be wonderful value to the rest of the meal.  I don't mind paying for service and quality.. and that is exactly what we got!!!!  

I really can't recommend this restaurant enough.. especially if you are celebrating something special.  My fiance and I have actually decided to go back to Vegas to get married.. and we are going to be including the Eiffel Tower Restaurant in our wedding plans!
