xVEtGucSRLk5pxxN0t4i6g Came here for dinner for my friends bday

Environment: located inside the Paris hotel, the restaurant has a very classy feel with a spectacular view of the Bellagio water fountain. The restaurant is dimly lit, they play jazz music, most people are dressed up as resort wear with collared shirts and long pants for men is required. They also have a person in the restroom that hands you towels when you are done washing your hands.

Service: my waiter was awesome, as well as the wine lady who constantly made sure my glass was filled. I felt a little bad for my waiter as he was squished in the corner table. My biggest distaste in this section was the fact that I had requested seating with a nice view of the fountain, but they still put me in a tight corner although there was some availability closer. Everyone in my section seemed a little bothered probably with the same issue. My waiter really made things better though and even gave us a complimentary birthday dessert which is super appreciated and topped off my friends birthday night. 

Dinner and drinks: they have a wide variety of wine selection, mostly above the price of 70 minimum. There cocktail list was a little limited with the basic drinks like old fashion and manhattan, nothing too special. 
The food on the other hand was amazing. First, their bread selection was subpar. It made me crave Mon Ami Gabi's fresh baguette right down stairs. But we ordered the escargot, the steak and lamb. The escargot came fried and sautéed. It was drowned in a delicious olive oil sauce that taste amazing with their bread. The ny steak was cooked perfectly which is medium rare for me. The crust was salty and nicely crispy, which a warm tender inside. It wasn't very large, so I left craving for me. It really tasted like butter and melts in your mouth, so good! The lamb with the ratatouille was also super delicious perfectly cooked medium rare. It also tasted buttery, but had that gamey taste. The side dish olive oil mashed potato was also good but nothing remarkable.

Overall, this place is very romantic and good for special occasions. The food and drinks are pretty over priced, but nothing I didn't expect from eating on the strip. You should probably arrive early if you want better seating. But, I really enjoyed the atmosphere, the view (even from the corner) and the amazing food. Hats off to the chefs and waiters!
