xVEtGucSRLk5pxxN0t4i6g I have a sweet spot for this restaurant, because my husband and I ate here the night after we were married. Mood lighting, delicious food, and the perfect view of the Bellagio water show made for a perfect honeymoon night. 

Fast forward 3 years ... I'm back in Vegas and hungry for French food. Since my husband hates any restaurant that requires him to dress nicely, he graciously agreed to watch our toddler while my sister and I got our foodie on. I was worried that I wouldn't have the same great experience, seeing as I didn't have honeymoon magic to gloss over any imperfections the restaurant may have had the last time. I didn't have to worry at all. 

They sat us right up against the window overlooking the Bellagio, and our waiter promptly arrived to take our drink orders. Although we were dying to get the chef's tasting menu again it was late, and we had a late lunch. Our waiter was attentive, helpful, and charming.... they had run out of the black cod that I wanted, but he apologized and assured me that I would not be disappointed with the halibut or sea bass. 

He was right... the sea bass was delicious! Crispy skin and tender fish that matched perfectly with the smoked tomato quinoa and fennel shavings. Total heaven. This was a month ago, and I still think about that fish. I was full, but still had room for dessert. I ordered the passionfruit meringue, and it officially made my night. Tart passionfruit sorbet surrounded my light, fluffy meringue..... oh so good!!! I'm normally a creme brulee girl, but this dessert made me soo happy! The sweet and tart of the passionfruit woke me up and kept me going for the rest of the night. 

Yes, the food is expensive. Yes, the portions are smaller than our bloated American senses are used to. But it's delicious, and the devil's in the details. I don't pay big bucks JUST for the food. I pay for the experience... a beautiful restaurant, great service, wonderful food, and a quiet moment with my sister. Always a good value in my book.
