xVEtGucSRLk5pxxN0t4i6g The Skinny: come here for the view - not for the food (2.5)service: solid but not high end restaurant level (3) value: overpriced for the cuisine but a great view of the Bellagio fountains (2.5 starred review bump up to 3 stars).

We came for the brunch menu last weekend after receiving our annual coupons from Lettuce Entertain You.

We went in to try their brunch prix fixe and also to try a few a la carte items.

After making an Open Table reservation, we choose the earliest seating at 11 am. Despite arriving at the hostess area at 11 am, we were asked to sit in a small area for a while as they set up our table. They seated us with a nice view of the Bellagio fountains.

Overall the cuisine sounds very elegant but in reality, it's just subpar French bistro cuisine with better plating. I get to that again in a moment.

We chose the brunch prix fixe menu - the mushroom strudel appetizer, the steak and eggs, and the "frozen" strawberry souffle for $39. We chose the foie gras tourchon appy and the curry chicken pie entree as well.

We were treated to two slice of baguette with some butter to start. The bread was warm but other than that, nothing special. Really, it's the same thing that likely gets served at Mon Ami Gabi. This is in stark contrast to when they used to serve warm cheese gourgeres.

Amuse was a zucchini parfait. The zucchini parfait itself was good however it unfortunately was served with these odd pastry sticks which were hard yet not crispy, chewy and flavorless. It really detracted from the zucchini parfait itself. A bad plating decision that pops up again and again throughout the meal.

The mushroom strudel was kind of strange. Made of filo pastry, it's mostly made out of spinach rather than mushrooms. The spinach was surprisingly bland and you couldn't really taste the mushrooms due to the lack there of.  At least the parmesean cheese sprinkled above and below the filo pastry crust imparted a bit of umami to the dish but otherwise I can't recommend ordering this dish.

The foie gras tourchon was a disappointment - it wasn't nearly as luscious as I expected. Served with some brioche toast, the fig compote had a odd kind of fermented flavor to it as well as being too thick to be spread easily. Decidedly meh and I wouldn't recommend it.

From the starters to the entrees, there was a good 30 minute wait between. Luckily the view was nice so we didn't mind as much but there is obvious a timing issues in the kitchen.

Steak and eggs were ordered medium rare and came out medium-well. I'm not one to send stuff back usually. Plus given the long wait between the dishes, I just went with the flow. The quality of the steak was good and the meat was tender. The potatoes and red pepper hash underneath was delicious. Unfortunately the blanched spinach was unseasoned and therefore completely bland which diluted the flavors of the dish. It was okay, but once was enough.

Chicken curry pot pie was essentially a version of chicken tikka masala baked under a puff pastry crust. The filling was underwhelming and slightly overly acidic. It really needed something to mellow the flavor out a bit. It was also missing a bit of that smokiness from real chicken tikka. It definitely need some dried fenugreek leaves to give it a more authentic flavor. I don't think I would recommend ordering this.

We split their "frozen" strawberry souffle. I kind of had a beef with that. Call a spade a spade - it's just ice cream molded into a ramekin to look like souffle. Word.

Anyway, the ramekin ice cream block with sprinkled pistachio was alright. In my honest opinion, I got more enjoyment from a grocery store purchased ice cream than this stuff.  The strawberry ice cream was overly firm and had a weird Cool Whip consistency when melted slightly. This contrasted to the more icy texture of the Grand Marnier ice cream on the bottom. This was a grade D in the level of desserts. It was okay because it was a part of the prix fixe but I would have been down right pissed if I'd ordered a la carte. Save your pennies and head over to a half decent gelati joint and be way more happy.

At the end you get some chocolates (tastes like Cadbury chocolates and certainly nothing really special) and some fruit flavored jellies.

Service, in general is good. Water glasses were filled through out the meal and food was served promptly and at the proper temperatures. Our waiter was courteous and helpful. However it was missing the small attention to detail that differentiates a truly high end restaurant (such as - describing your dishes in detail, removing the wine glasses as soon as they know you're not going to order wine... stuff like that).

This joint exemplifies the rule for "view" restaurants: the quality of the food is inversely proportional to the view. Added the price premium for the location, I would not recommend this place as a top choice for a romantic dinner for 2. 2.5 starred review with a bump up to a 3 starred review.
