xVEtGucSRLk5pxxN0t4i6g A beautiful experience!

First! You get to take a private elevator up to the restaurant. That's pretty fun, just by itself. When entering the views are breathtaking! 

We were sat with a great spot to enjoy the fountain show! Best view! However, it's a small half circle table and just behind us was the service bar, so it wasn't very inviting. It felt quite cramped. 

The gentleman who served our bread and water was a lovely man- always a smile! And I loved how he paused when offering my selection of bread to make sure I didn't want to try the other offerings... I did!!! Being polite, I initially asked for one, but because of his nice smile and kind disposition he knew I wanted to try all 3!! They were yummy. 
However, Eiffel Tower, with these prices, cold bread and ice cold butter is just not acceptable! Not enticing at all. (I still ate all of the bread :)

We ordered the scallops for an appetizer. They did not disappoint!!! Absolutely delicious!!! Yum and yum! 

For dinner we had the filet. We ordered it medium rare. However, because it's such a large cut, the edges were completely well done. For $70- I can't say I was very happy. Still not happy. I've had many filet mignon, so I might advise one to not try it here, unless you like your meat well cooked. Perhaps a butterfly cut might help if your heart is set on it, though. 

For dessert we had the chocolate soufflé. It was not mind blowing. But it was yummy. They have 8 flavors to choose from!!! So don't get chocolate- branch out and try something fun! Passion fruit would have been fun! 

And maybe I'm New School- but I feel like the lady in the restroom who wants a tip for handing you a towel is tacky. I'm not a fan. Who takes their purse to the go to the restroom? And then I feel guilty for washing my hands!!! Those days went out with Breakfast at Tiffany's.

For 3 items and a glass of house wine- the total was $140!! 

I'd definitely return to sit at the lovely bar and enjoy the beautiful ambiance and views! Have a drink, maybe the scallops? But the price you pay for the food, just doesn't match the Wow factor - like when I saw the bill!!!
