xVEtGucSRLk5pxxN0t4i6g A small group of us had brunch here on a recent trip at the suggestion of a friend. The day we visited was my birthday, which we informed the hostess of when we made reservations the day before. The entire staff, throughout the reservation process the day before through the meal the following morning, was very courteous. 

We were seated in a rounded booth that faced the Bellagio, which was ideal for me as I find the building to be beautiful and of course there are the fountains. From our seats, it was easier to see the fountains when they were shooting higher - the views from the small tables that line the windows look to be amazing. I was a little disappointed that halfway through the meal, shades were drawn halfway over the windows and thus limited our view.

We had anticipated the prix fixe menu ($39/pp), before realizing there was also regular menu options. I opted for the french toast, which was listed in the menu as having a vanilla cream, bananas, and pecans. Upon its arrival, there was bacon (actually, pancetta as I was informed) resting on it. I informed our server that I am a vegetarian, and had my only unpleasant moment during this experience -- while he took the dish back to have it corrected, I was not given an apology of any kind but merely told "that's the pancetta". This item was not listed in the description on the menu, so I did not know when ordering to request that it not be included.

The food itself was good, after being corrected. I also opted to have the warm apple dessert, which we were told needed to be ordered in advance due to preparation time. This came out a little more crisp than I would have normally preferred, but overall it was a good dessert. In addition to this, I was given a small chocolate dessert for my birthday. As a chocolate lover, I found this to be very good and especially enjoyed the chocolate slice that topped it.

Overall, I really enjoyed this restaurant and would return on a future trip so long as the menu still contains items I find appetizing. I would be more careful when ordering to ensure that the option does not contain any kind of meat, however. 

As a final thought, they sell a few items including cookbooks and chocolate bars. As I raved about the chocolate slice on my dessert, my brother purchased a chocolate bar for me. I wish I could say that this was the same chocolate, but will admit that the purchased bar is very good as well -- it is a dark chocolate bar with sea salt. As someone who doesn't care much for salt, I find the combination in this bar to pair very well.
