xVEtGucSRLk5pxxN0t4i6g This place was WELL worth the hefty cash, and lived up to all it's praise.

My sweety and I came here to celebrate our 2 year anniversary, and decided to splurge on dinner. 

We heard a lot of good things about the pre-fix menu, and decided to  go with that for our meals. It was so much fun, having all 7 courses come to us! They have you order dessert at the beginning, so we both decided to go with souffles. My man got banana, and I (who normally orders anything with chocolate) ordered the Pistachio souffle!

They start you off with these little cheese puff things (can't remember the name) but they are divine! They taste just like puffed up Cheez-its. 
Our first course was the amuse bouche..
Next they brought by a warm lobster salad, which if it weren't so delicious, i would have BATHED in it. It was that good. I still dream about that salad.
Our third course was  (i think..) a cream of celery soup, which was heavenly. At this point, the water show had begun at the Bellagio, and our table had a perfect front row view of it! It was wonderful, sipping our soup, watching the water show.

Our fourth course was red snapper over braised vegetables.. They actually give you a generous portion of red snapper, too! Perfectly cooked and soooo flavorful.

Fifth course was venison with huckleberries and braised chestnuts.. Which I was SO excited for, having never tried venison until then. It was melt-in-your-mouth phenomenal. 

Our 6th course that arrived was wine poached pear slices wrapped around camambert(sp?) cheese, served with warm cinnamon raisin bread... ohhhh my god. 

Our last and final course (my stomach was BUSTING at this point) were our souffles.. which was up there with some of the best dessert I'd ever had. Our server brought us some assorted candies with our check, which was such a special treat, although I couldn't eat one last bit!

The service was prompt, professional, and very attentive! Our server was so much fun, he reminded me of my grandpa! 

This is the perfect place to take your lover on a special occasion, and WELL worth the money. I *highly* recommend doing the pre-fix, you get so much food for your money, and you will leave STUFFED, i promise you!!
