xVEtGucSRLk5pxxN0t4i6g My boyfriend and I just went to Vegas for NYE, we did our research before going and made all of our reservations. I was probably most excited to have dinner and here and it ended up being my biggest disappointment. The only reason I can think of that people would recommend here is the view and that's only IF you can get sat along the glass (we had a 4:30 reservation so we were guaranteed that). I will run through the entire experience, I call and make a reservation for dinner for two, at the time of making the reservation I had also made reservations to do the elevator ride to the top after dinner which the girl on the phone told me would be $22, I said ok and book it for 2, she confirmed...when we get to Vegas and head to our reservation I was so excited, we arrive and the hostess was very nice, our table wasn't ready so we went to sit at the bar, we look over the drink selection and it's minimal options and drinks are $20, the bartender never tended to my boyfriend of I and we were sitting there ready to order drinks for 20 minutes. Our table was ready so we left the bar never getting a drink, the bartender wasn't busy, he just wasn't acknowledging us, he was putting glasses away and cleaning his fridge...not off to a good start. We get seated and if you're at all claustrophobic I would not recommend eating here (1 of the many reason I would not recommend it anyway) as I felt I was dining with the table next to me, I could hear their entire conversation and I'm sure they could hear ours. Our waiter was VERY rude, he seemed smug and that was a disappointment. We order 2 drinks from their cocktail menu ($40) and it was pure sugar, so sweet neither of us could finish them. We place our dinner and app orders, I ordered a field green salad which was flavorless, needed more dressing because I felt like I was just eating grass...looked pretty but that's about it. My boyfriend ordered the Caesar and was very disappointed. I ordered the artichoke crepes for my entree and they were flavorless as well, boyfriend got the beef Wellington which he was told would be medium, it came out WELL done and he could barely chew it, it came with pea pods which he said was the best part of the entire meal. The people next to us ordered a filet and beef Wellington and since they were so close, we heard them discussing the same disappointment. Sides are a la carte so we ordered the au gratin potatoes, again, flavorless. We didn't bother with dessert since everything else was so disappointing, besides the bread which was good but I mean...it's bread. Our waiter came over to see if we wanted anything else and we declined, he confirmed we were still on for our elevator ride and we said yes, he tells us he has to call downstairs to see how long the wait is because "there's usually a line but if we'd like to bypass the line we can pay an additional fee to pass it" (already seeing the scam not to mention WE MADE A RESERVATION so why are we being told to wait or pay?) I tell him to just let us know what the wait is, he returns and says "unfortunately there is a 45 minute wait and due to it being a holiday they upped the cost of the ride (we pre booked for this date and I was told it was $22 each) he says it's now $35 a person plus $5 to pass the line (LOL) I literally laughed and said we'd pass. We paid our $250 bill (including tip) and left. I would NEVER EVER go here again or recommend it to anyone, leaving this review is the best advice I can give someone, save your money, do some research, and go on the high roller for a view (do the happy hour cart so you can drink the whole time). I cannot express our disappointment enough in the experience we had here, I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.
