xVEtGucSRLk5pxxN0t4i6g I had the extreme pleasure of being taken here for my birthday dinner by my beautiful girlfriend. Wow, what a treat. I rarely give out 5 star reviews but this place totally deserves it. There really wasn't anything that wasn't perfect, from the service to the food. Top notch all around. 

We made a request to be seated at the windows overlooking the strip and the Bellagio fountains and our request was granted. Such an awesome view. The restaurant itself is gorgeous too. Low lit, classy, and very tastefully decorated. It feels like you're in an old school, classic, French saloon or something. 

Our server Michael (and it's weird calling him that because it felt more like he was a friend who had been here many times and knew what was good) was great. He knew literally everything about the menu and had perfect recommendations. He was prompt, friendly, and accommodating, especially for someone like me who was trying escargot and octopus for the first time!

Speaking of that, the escargot was great and the seared octopus was even better. I was surprised how mild the flavor of the escargot was. It comes served with something similar to a hush puppy filled with a creamy pea sauce. The octopus was meaty and well seasoned. It sort of had a lobster'esque quality to it, but not 'seafoody' tasting at all. I'd definitely order it again. 

For my entree I had the TWELVE (massive) ounce filet with some creamy mashed potatoes and asparagus on the side. The filet had a beautiful crust on it and was a perfect warm pink in the center. One of the best filets I've ever had. I had trouble finishing it with how massive it was. And I loved the mashed potatoes and asparagus. I've never seen asparagus served with small egg bits, what a nice touch!

For dessert we split the chocolate soufflé. Again, it was great. Substantial bready center filled with rich, bitter chocolatey goodness. You can't go wrong. 

Can't wait to come back next time we're in Vegas. 

Here's my overall ratings:
Atmosphere- 4.5/5
Quality/value- 4.5/5
Service- 5/5
Food- 5/5
Drinks- 4/5
