xVEtGucSRLk5pxxN0t4i6g We came here with OpenTable reservations and they didn't follow through with the seat views request that was made with the OpenTable reservation. On top of waiting for an additional 20 minutes for normal tables (even though we made advance reservations), we didn't even get a view. They said we'd have to wait an even longer for a table with a view if we wanted a view that badly. Since we were already hungry, we decided not to wait any longer.

Our order:

Market Greens ($18), Black Cod ($44), Loup de Mer ($48), and Pistachio Souffle ($16). 

Loved the taste of the Market Greens - Avocado, sunflower seeds, sherry walnut vinaigrette. It sounds normal, but the taste was perfect! Very well balanced!! The Crispy Loup de Mer was also fabulous! It included spinach leaves, peanut potatoes, bacon and red wine lobster jus that was quite delicious! 

A favorite that all can agree on: Pistachio Soufflé!! I'm typically not a big dessert person, but wow...the pistachio soufflé is mouth watering goodness!! And as a pistachio lover, whoa! Perfect taste!! I was surprised I could taste the wonderful pistachio flavor and of course the soufflé was cooked to perfection! 

Overall service was okay. Our server answered any questions we had but didn't think to ask if we had any preferences. Maybe he was too busy? 

Let's just say, thank goodness the food and of course the famous Pistachio Soufflé was perfect! If not...this would have been a terrible experience with one star. I am giving it only 3 stars because I may not come back again for the price that didn't correlate with the lack of service given. 

When I'm giving a rating, it isn't solely based on the food, it's based on various aspects of the restaurant (service, timing, etc.). So, for $$$$ establishment, I expected better. Since it wasn't as great as expected from such a pricey establishment, I cannot give it the stars to match it's price tag. 

If you need an example of a wonderful restaurant, check out my other reviews of a wonderful spot in Vegas that is $$$$ :D

Désolé!
