xVEtGucSRLk5pxxN0t4i6g My husband and I decided on this restaurant to celebrate our 1st wedding anniversary. Eiffel Tower Restaurant was going to kick off a spectacular night of good food, strong drinks, and luck at the poker tables...and it did just that; with style!~

Upon entering the establishment, I was startled by the kitchen being right in front of me as I exited the elevator. This was interesting but it is very crowded and hurried when you exit the elevator so you dont really have time to take it in. 

The restaurant itself is much smaller than I imagined but in a good way. It is very romantic... We were seated promptly as we had a reservation. Our waitress was simply a joy and I truly enjoyed her presence throughout the evening. 

A server comes around and you get to choose your own bread; that was a nice touch and the server was very very friendly and attentive. I like the server nearly as much as I enjoyed the waitress. 

They bring out a complimentary amuse- I believe it was a calliflower soup?- It was served cold but it was absolutely delish! At that moment, I had full confidence that this dinner was going to be amazing! Did not disappoint~


My husband had the lamb for his entree and I had the halibut. I cannot speak about the lamb as I do not eat meat but my husband said it was cooked to perfections; which I guess is difficult to do with lamb. 

The halibut was to die  for but what I enjoyed more about that entree was the bulgar wheat. The restaurant called it couscous but I am quite certain it was bulgar wheat made into a splendid tabouli! I attempt to make tabouli all the time and it is quite difficult to make really well so I was very impressed! As a side dish we had the mushroom spaetzel?- To this day we still cannot figure out if we were eating mushrooms made to look like noddles or actual noddles that were mushroom flavored. It was truly bizarre but I loved it for being different (and super tasty) 

For dessert we have espresso and the Grand Marnier Souffle~ 

I dont think I have ever had Souffle before and it stole my heart! I probably would have choosen a different flavor next time as I do not think the Grand Marnier added much to it but it was cooked to perfection! 

My husband had a great idea that when the Bellagio water show comes on, the music in the restaurant should be timed to play the same music that is going on at the water show. I must say the water show does not leave as strong of an impression without the music to go along with it.  

Pricey dinner at nearly $200 for 2 people but in my opinion it was worth every cent!
