xVEtGucSRLk5pxxN0t4i6g We decided to celebrate the anniversary of our engagement here... Kinda fun as we got engaged here, high up on the outdoor deck:) with my wonderful guy down on one knee.  He wanted to take me to Paris France & this was the much more affordable, next best option. Maybe someday:)))

For dinner tonight, he requested a table overlooking The Bellagio fountains & they were kind enough to arrange that for us.  

The hostesses were lovely, although the person who booked our reservation & took our credit card information to hold the reservation had not properly entered it in the computer... So we had No reservation. Thank goodness they were able to resolve that & our wait for a table was not terribly long. Maybe half an hour.  Accidents happen so we did not let that make our night miserable. It was weird that they did not offer to buy us a drink or even give us some sparkling water... 

Michael was our waiter & he was EXCELLENT! 
He has formerly been a chef on private yachts! 
His French accent was charming and his service was absolutely impeccable!!! He made great suggestions & we listened to them! 

My main course came out not at all as ordered... Michael, our waiter took one look at it and said. No, we will get you a new filet... I felt bad, but he had a new order re-fired immediatelyonly waited 10 minutes or so for my meal. 

Foie gras was divine... Filet was perfection, Truffle sauce was delicious. My husband had the green peppercorn sauce & it was also excellent.  We ordered wild rice as a side dish to share... For me it had too much other stuff and not enough simple wild rice, but that is only my preference & it was very, very tasty. 

The wine was really overpriced.  Bottles which cost $31 in the store are priced at $110.  Some bottles had bigger Mark-Ups.  The agrivating part is that there is no wine on the menu in the $40 to $50 price range.  That is crazy as there are some really nice red wines which you as a consumer can purchase for $12 to $15 per bottle, Joel Gott Cabernet, Carol Shelton Zinfandel is fabulous, Rodney Strong Merlot or Cabernet... So even with their 3 plus times mark-up, some of these wines could be offered at $40 per bottle.  

Their Wine Sommelier was extremely nice & helpful. But there was not much he could do for us as their staring wine prices were so high.  I left wondering if they had a corkage fee.  Drinking a nice red should be affordable, even at the Four Seasons or Ritz Carlton.  So I was frustrated by their lack of understanding their client's needs, wants or choices which would make a dinner much better.  

So here is my summary... 

Both the Bread & Butter & the cleanse your palate miniature cup came very late.   3 

Foie Gras was 5++++ 

Warm lobster salad was very delicious, but I would not consider it a salad.  Absolutely spectacular appetizer. Not sure how to grade that.  The word Salad means salad to me. 

We saved room for dessert & the Salted Caramel Soufflé which Michael suggested was craaaazzzy good.  The pistachio soufflé was very nice.  Salted caramel is the better of the two by far IMO.  Both are a legitimate 5. Salted Caramel is a 10 if I am being integrous. 

Hostesses 5
Michael our server 5 - ask for him if you want the real deal.  He is a Great Waiter!!! 

Wine Sommelier 5 considering he had almost nothing to work with. 

Reservations 1 

Food as ordered 3 Some was & some was not. 

Portion Size was Very Small 3 

Wine prices 1

Bartenders were friendly, but busy so we did not get anything until we got to the table 4
View from our table 10
No music in the restaurant, so it is a bit noisy. 

Both the Bread & Butter & the cleanse your palate miniature cup  came very late.  

The bill was sky high... For that kind of price, I really think that everything should be Perfect! 

All in all we had a great time.  I wish I could give it s 5 star, but I can't.  In fact likely it is a 3.5 considering all the ball dropping which went on.
