xVEtGucSRLk5pxxN0t4i6g By far one of the best places to go in vegas!  The views of bellagio and the strip was awesome!  The food was great, and the service was superb!
     Definitely a good idea to make reservations, this place gets packed!  We started off with the cold foie geas and blue cheese souffle, both were decent but not outstanding.  The blue cheese souffle reminded me of bread pudding, it tasted okay but wasnt anything special.  The cold foie gras was a tad salty even with bread, I think the seared foie gras might have tasted better.   The bread selection was good, I liked the french baguette.  Our bread came out cold, so the waiter gladly brought us hot bread on the spot!  
     My friends ordered entrees of salmon, sea bass, duck breast, and lamb chops.  The seafood dishes were okay, nothing to rave about.  The grilled duck breast was excellent!  The grilled lamb chops were by far the best ive ever had!  It came out tender, juicy, and had no gamey flavor at all!  It had the texture of a filet mignon and taste of a prime rib, which was quite unique...definitely a great entree!  
     We ordered two souffles, a pistachio and banana nut...both were great!  The souffles came out hot, super light, perfect texture..by far the best souffles ive ever had!  The banana nut tasted excellent!  The pistachio souffle was also unique, both were very tasty!  I'd come back here just for the souffles..and they are so light that you can eat two of them by yourself!
    Overall, the service here is excellent, all the waiters are super nice and constantly check up to make sure everything is satisfying.  The food was perfect, but the portions were on the small side.  The souffles are amazing, definitely a must-have!  Prices here a little high, especially for such small portions, but everything was cooked perfect and presented nicely!  This would be a perfect spot to take a date, nice cozy and dimly lit place with a romantic feel, and great views of the strip, including the bellagio water show.
