xVEtGucSRLk5pxxN0t4i6g French Restaurant or Dinner Theatre?
I have been coming to Eiffel tower restaurant on and off ever since they open. And I can see the changes and it is not all good. 
If you go right at opening , around 5pm you can score a table around the window facing the Bellagio fountain, those are mostly table for two. These tables use to be regular rectangular table with the two seat facing each other, as formal dinning should be. After all, you are dining with the other person, so facing each other will be more romantic and better for conversation. Now the table is a semicircle table butting up against the window with the two diner both facing the window. As a result, more tables against the window can be place, ( the space for the two seat are now eliminated). The bad or the good, is now you can ignore each other while dining and just pay attention to the fountain belonging to Bellagio. 
Now the service related to this seating. Now the server or the table cleaner have to put his or her arm right between you to do their duty. Again it can be good or bad. Bad when you are having a romantic time and all of a sudden an arm appear between you two at eye level totally disrupting the conversation or moment.  Server at top restaurant will observe you and wait for a breaking moment before they interrupt with their duty, not here. They are the boss not you.

If your want a leisure French dinner, like having a drink and appetizer before deciding on the rest of your dinner,-- like we used to do in this Eiffel Tower restaurant. Forget it. They want you out of there as soon as possible, like a dinner theatre. 
They want you to order the entire dinner at once, -- that is what the chef wants -- according to the server. What about what we the paying customer wants?

So you like to be dazzled by the fountain at Bellagio and not so much on the food and enjoyment, this is the place for you. 

This place used to be the pinnacle of enjoyment in Las Vegas, you got the feeling that once you are in, you will be taken care of to the best of their ability, like visiting someone house. 

No more, it is just grap your money and run. It almost feel like the owner wants to get as money as possible at the shortest time possible before calling going away.
