xVEtGucSRLk5pxxN0t4i6g Went here for my girlfriend's birthday. I made reservations about a week ahead of time asking them for a fountain side seat. They told me they couldn't guarantee my seat and said I should come early.

I recommend parking with the valet service at Paris. Either you or your date will be wearing something nice and heels so you probably won't want to walk in those. The self parking lot is pretty darn far away (about a 7 minute walk) so skimping on the valet tip isn't worth it. 

We got the following: 

+pea soup (6.5/10) Very distinct taste. Came with some fish which was very delicious. 
+foie gras (7/10) portion was very small but delicious. It was very flavorful but a bit on the salty side. 
+blue cheese souffle (7/10) Delicious. The souffle was scrumptious. 
+lamb chops (9/10) M girlfriend said this is the best lamp she's ever had. 
+chocolate souffle (9/10) Very delicious and full of chocolate flavor. Our server poked holes into the souffle and then pour chocolate syrup inside. 
+espresso

Our total came out to $132.42. A great deal for a good view, fine dining and a relaxing atmosphere. 

I'd have to say the lamb was very delicious. My girlfriend said that it was the best lamb she's ever had. I thought it was pretty good myself. It was flavorful and not very gamy.  I read a few other reviews commenting that the lamb was a bit tough. My girlfriend and I like our meat rare so I asked the waiter to serve it as rare as they could get away with. 

The blue cheese souffle was pretty good but not as good as the chocolate souffle. We ordered it early so we'd get it after our lamb chops. 

The entire dinner was roughly 2 hours. I'd give yourself 2 hours if in case you're budgeting your time. We had a Cirque du Soliel to run to so we paced ourselves to leave in 1 hour and 45 minutes. 

We sat at the very corner seat closest to the Bellagio fountains. We are from 700-900 and saw at least 5 fountain shows. I think this place has the best fountain shows. I'd definitely recommend this place for special occasions.
