4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw So here's a night I won't ever forget - first time I've ever taken someone to dinner and had my card decline with no other form of payment on me...

After aimlessly walking the street looking for a great outdoor patio, we settled on Mon Ami Gabi both for the menu and for the romantic atmosphere vs. the pumping top 40 music that seemed to be playing everywhere else. This was my first time here and I was anxious to try their cuisine because I've heard great things about this place.

It took 30 mins to get seated since we requested the patio. We timed it well because many behind us were told 1 1/2 hrs. Our waiter was pleasant and patient with us, although there were times we wondered where he'd run off too because he kept disappearing. They brought out a warm baguette and some sort of bean salad as a starter, both were light and tasty while we looked over the menu. The bf wanted some Escargot, which I had never tried, I wasn't excited about it but told him I'd share it if he wanted it. It was better than I expected, tasted mostly like pesto. It was about as yummy as I think a person could make snails taste.

I was leery about ordering a steak because I didn't want to be let down so in the end I ordered the Gabi's Fish & Frits but substituted the Frits for Grilled Asparagus. The bf ordered the Filet Mignon Merlot and also substituted the Frits but for the Sauteed Mushrooms. Turns out I should of ordered the steak because I liked his meal better than mine, but my meal was good too. The fish was not battered, it was crusted which was a nice surprise, I could have used a little more tarter sauce but that's just because I love it.

The atmosphere was perfect. Romantic and a great view of the Bellagio fountains. There was plenty of people watching to keep our interest too.

When it came time to pay the bill I was horrified when my card declined. Turned out I was over my daily spending limit... stupid card. I'd only brought the one form of payment, my Debit card because I brought a little clutch out with me, not my entire purse. I went into the Casino to see if I could pull out any cash and that was declined too. The bf, not expecting to pay only had $43 on him so I was freaking out. But after talking to a manager they asked for my ID and they said they'd hold it until I came back and paid the following day. I was so relieved that they didn't make a scene or get upset. They handled it very well and I appreciated it immensely. I'll be back again, but next time I'll bring cash. :)
