xVEtGucSRLk5pxxN0t4i6g One of my top ten restaurant experiences of all time.  Really spectacular service.  Outstanding food.  An amazing view.  Expensive (although not the most expensive meal I've ever eaten) and worth every damn penny.  

Your experience starts off on the casino floor where you take a special elevator up to the restaurant.  The doors open and you are greeted by an adorable majordomo standing in front of the gleaming glass and chrome kitchen which is a positive beehive of activity. You round the corner into a cozy dark reception area with seating and a small bar area.  The couple next to us was eating at the bar so I supposed if you are too spontaneous to make a reservation you can still enjoy the restaurant.  Our table was ready after about 10 minutes (we had a drink at the bar, which seems to be stocked with at least one bottle of every liqueur known to man, meticulously organized and labeled)

We had a window table with a great view of the fountains and strip.  Service was flawless.   They select and train staff very well.  And the food....

Starters
Me:   Cold Foie Gras
Boyfriend:  Warm Foie Gras
Set the standard for the dinner to come.  Phenomenal.  

Main
Me:  Venison Chop
Boyfriend:  Rack of Lamb
Side Dish:  Brussels Sprouts
As tender and amazing as the meat was on my chop, the star of the plate was the little oatmeal cake it was served with.  For many restaurants the starch is kind of an afterthought ("Umm, yeah let's throw some potatoes on here to take up space").  I am still thinking about that sublime little round of deliciousness a month later.  

To my absolute surprise we learned from the it is a Lettuce Entertain You restaurant from the lovely manager who visited our table and chatted with it.  I wholeheartedly recommend this as a great special event restaurant.  

And please fellow Yelpers, DRESS APPROPRIATELY.  Yes, it is Vegas where you can wear a tee shirt and jeans 99% of the time, but this is the 1% of the time you shouldn't.  I know you'll argue that you are paying good money so why should you dress up for others but go ahead and wear those heels and dress shoes.  Enjoy it.  Savor the fanciness.   It is a special meal, so relax and enjoy it for what it is.  You deserve it, right?
