xVEtGucSRLk5pxxN0t4i6g We ended up having dinner here because we had originally reserved at Lutece and they cancelled our reservation at the very last minute without warning because they decided to do a private party in there.  (Don't book at Lutece, kids, unless you either know the owner personally or you want to take a chance on your reservation that was made two weeks previously  getting suddenly cancelled a few hours before dinner.)  I was a little nervous to eat at the Eiffel Tower because the idea of a restaurant on top of a fake Eiffel in Vegas seemed awfully touristy-Disneyland rather than the nice, elegant dinner we wanted to have, but we didn't have a lot of options given how late Lutece pulled the rug out from under us.  

We were pleasantly surprised by how nice the dinner and the service were at the Eiffel Tower.  Our table had a nice view of the Bellagio fountain.  We had the tasting menu, which was good, and a lot of good (not spectacular, but definitely well above average) food.  The overall dining experience was very pleasant.  My only complaints were (1) it took a really long time for them to bring the next course from time to time, which was a little weird as the restaurant was not that full at the hour we went, so this isn't a place to eat if you're in a hurry; and (2)  if you got the tasting menu it had to be for two people, and one of us might have wanted something different, but went along with the other one of us who wanted tasting menu.  I don't see what the big deal is in preparing it for one person, as much of it seemed to be little bits of premade food that was just cooked and dressed up with sauce, but whatever.

As this is a fancy place we were a little taken aback to see a family come in and sit next to us who weren't exactly dressed up to the nines and acted like they just got off the train from Podunk (talking loud, asking stupid questions about the menu, etc.) but it is Las Vegas, there are going to be tourists.  However, the tables aren't jammed together in this restaurant, so it  wasn't like the Clampetts came and sat in our lap, and we were able to largely ignore them.  

The restrooms are very nice and have nice, well-mannered attendants.  

Overall,  a nice and not too "touristy" dining experience.
