xVEtGucSRLk5pxxN0t4i6g I seriously wanted to avoid coming here, and I really should've after reading some not-so-consistent reviews.  But we were celebrating both of my parent's birthdays, and they were insistent on eating at Eiffel Tower.  (oh well, gotta make the parents happy)

Ok, well let's get started.  As you get off the elevator, you're immediately presented with the kitchen which is actually kind of cool.  The nice lady walks you to the hostess and so far I'm feeling hopeful.  We get seated immediately in a decent booth, but we really can't see much of a view.  I did specially request a nice view, but that didnt work out so well.  The atmosphere was just ok, and kind of on the loud side.

We started off with with the Roasted Foie Gras, White Almond Dusted Sea Scallops and Warm Lobster Salad for appetizers.  The foie gras was good but I've had much better, and the accompanying marinated grapes weren't the best match.  You really need something sweeter to go with the rich flavor of foie gras.  The scallops were cooked perfectly, and the lobster salad was probably my favorite.  At this point you're probably wondering - why 2 stars?  Well, read on my friend...

For entrees, we ordered Filet of Seabass, Venison Chop, Surf and Turf Beef Tenderloin, and the Bone-in Ribeye.  The seabass was cooked just right but the seasoning was non-existent.  The Venison was cooked perfectly as well and we were pretty pleased with that dish.  The Surf & Turf Beef Tenderloin was quite a disappointment.  The crab meat was like a dried out crab cake, and although the tenderloin was cooked perfectly, it had no flavor at all.  It didn't even have a nice char, which definitely makes a good steak.  The ribeye was probably the best entree of them all.  Nice and juicy and actually seasoned well too.  We also had a side order of scalloped potatoes which was a total waste of money.  At this point the food has been just OK and if you look at the prices, it's really not worth it at all.  But I guess it is Vegas and almost all of the high end restaurants are at least $40 per entree (easy).  Am I just spoiled with the quality and service of San Francisco restaurants?  I haven't yet mentioned anything about service yet, but it was just ok at this point.  Nothing like the Dining Room at the Ritz in SF, and our server seemed way too busy with another table that he really didn't come to check up on us at all.  The rest of the staff was fairly attentive, but I would expect way better service for a restaurant like this. 

Ah yes, dessert.  My absolute favorite course of any meal.  I'm hoping that my opinion of the restaurant will change with dessert.  Of course like everyone else, we did get suckered into ordering a souffle at the beginning of the meal, so that was already on its way.  So we wait, and wait, and still no dessert menu.  Someone finally brings us new place settings, but still no dessert menu.  Do they not have a dessert menu?  We can't even find our server because he obviously has way too many tables.  Someone finally brings our souffle, and at that point we asked him for dessert menus.  He says he'll bring them right away....yeah right.  The souffle was delicious I must say, and they were kind enough to bring out complimentary desserts to wish my parents a happy birthday.  But where's my dessert menu??! ! At some point I just gave up because I was so annoyed.  Now you know why I give Eiffel Tower Restaurant only 2 stars.

By the end of the meal, I am annoyed that we have a huge bill to pay and we got a less than satisfactory fine dining experience.  I'm really wishing that I had just made reservations at Picasso in the Bellagio or at Guy Savoy instead.  I could've even just gone back to Delmonico's, Michael Mina, Bouchon, Fleur de Lys, all where I've had way better experiences than this.  

In conclusion...
Food=3 stars
Ambiance=3 stars
Service = 1 star (pretty much non-existant)
Dessert=1 star (for not ever bringing me a dessert menu)
Which averages out to 2 stars.
