xVEtGucSRLk5pxxN0t4i6g THREE STARS, FOR A GREAT BAR 
NEGATIVE TWO, FOR DINNER SERVICE THAT BLEW

Hubby and I made reservations for our dinner here a day early. We drooled over the menu and called his parents for suggestions on what to eat.

The following day was spent walking around Vegas, drinking, and eating! We unfortunately planned very poorly and had booked two other things this day: a late lunch and bar show at Kahunaville (prepaid on Groupon) and a naughty (X)Burlesque show to end the night . A 7:30 dinner was stuck right in between the two with not much room on either side. 

We arrived on time and were told to wait at the bar where we ordered a drink from Keith. We actually each ordered a bottle of Hell's Keep ($22.70) and he suggested we share the beer because the bottle was a little bigger than normal and we didn't have a long wait. Perfect - and yummy!

With sadness we looked over our menus and realized we'd have to get something smaller than we planned since we'd eaten not long before and had to hustle a little for the 10 pm show (we were told to be there no later than 9).  We wanted to be upfront with our server and told him we would be ordering apps and dessert instead of complete entrees. Since we were at a window seat he said that we would probably have to move to another table near the bar. I understood, since seating is the nicest so they want to give it to the people spending the most, but the WAY he said it was not pleasant. Even though we were allowed to stay in the seats, his attitude the entire meal left a bad taste. 

What we ordered:
Warm caesar salad ($16.00)
Blue cheese souffle ($16.00)
Creme Brulee ($12.00)

We both agreed the salad was the best of the three. The dressing was fantastic. The souffle wasn't bad either but we found a much better creme brulee another night at Centercut in Flamingo.  Honestly, we really enjoyed the view and the water show from Bellagio, but when I'm spending $50 on an appetizer and dessert I'd like some class from the staff. We should have just moved to the bar area as soon as he first said it.
