Xw50tINqzrI_BM_x7_IcZA I believe this is my first review ever so let me preface with this: I've never felt so compelled to write a review before I had visited this quaint little crepe shop on the corner of Bloor and Spadina.  Dining here made me forget that I was in Toronto.

My girlfriend and I first enter the shop looking for a quick little dessert before we get on our way.  We plan on eating in the restaurant, so the owner hastily makes space for us by rushing to clean the table from a previous customer (this place has very limited seating, so I wouldn't plan going with a large group).  We then make the mistake of waiting in line to order our crepes, as the owner insists that she serve us at our table.  From there on, the owner herself makes us feel welcome and comfortable in this restaurant that she clearly cares for dearly.

We end up ordering the Tartinade and the Sugar crepes (both $6 each) along with her signature Limonana drink (3$).  I'm not exactly a crepe connoisseur but my impressions are as follows.  The Tartinade was filled with hazelnut syrup, with the perfect type of softness that compounded to a very delicious crepe.  If you're looking for a nice little dessert then I would highly recommend the Tartinade.  

Now, her Limonana drink.  You initially get samples from her, where she will explain to you (and essentially every other customer that sits down) the details of her drink.  It is a minty-tea type concoction that just screamed one word: refreshing.  You know that one Nestea commercial where the guy drinks it and then he falls into a little pool of Nestea behind him?  Yeah, that pool should actually be filled with Limonana because that stuff is nutty.  Highly recommend.

I'm not exactly sure if I'm painting the correct picture here, but one thing that I absolutely need to get across here is that this is a real change in environment from its immediate surroundings.  I really loved the sense French in the decor here.  Mostly everything is in French, the owner speaks constant French to her employees, plenty of French along the wall and admittedly this French really gets to you.  At one point, while the owner asked if the crepes were good, she patted my girlfriend on her shoulder and my girlfriend replied with "Oui."  She was literally engulfed by all the French around us.  

So, in between the homeyness, delicious Limonana and crepes, the quirky and exuberant owner, and the tiny seating area, I would definitely recommend anyone to try to this place. They do not just have sweet crepes, a large portion of their menu are savoury crepes, which I will definitely be back to try.  I truly hope you come here not just to have a cheap and delicious crepe, but to enjoy the surroundings created by an owner passionate for culture and making others happy.
