Xw50tINqzrI_BM_x7_IcZA I have literally been walking by this place every day for the last two months, waiting for it to open. There was a bit of a false alarm about four weeks ago, when staff set up a Limonana stand outside and gave out free samples along with Limonana coupons for when the new location opened. I asked when they were opening and they said next week. Needless to say, I was very disappointed when this turned out not to be the case!

Walking by today, I noted that this place still wasn't open (at 8am and again at about 11am), however, later in the day, my boyfriend texted to let me know they had opened their doors. The trousers-purse-keys routine has never been executed so fast!

The staff here are lovely -- we were greeted with a friendly 'bonjour!' by the guy behind the cash and after a bit of Facebook stalkery, I have determined that Veronique, the general manager from the other Crepes a GoGo spot, was the one manning the stove. The guy handed us a menu right away and waited patiently while we mulled over the options. Having not been to their Yorkville location, I don't know if the menu is the same, but one assumes it is. I went for the Festival, which is cinnamon, sugar and strawberries, while my boyfriend got another option (the name of which escapes me!) that subbed in bananas in place of the strawberries.

I'm going to start by saying the fruit was fresh and the crepe itself was delicious. I've had a lot of crepes and these ones are the business. My boyfriend loved his combination because the crepes weren't in the least bit greasy or oily. I, on the other hand, would have liked a little more oil/grease/moisture. Not in the crepe, but something to help the whole dish down a little easier. The strawberries were very fresh and sliced very neatly, so they weren't providing a lot of moisture outside of their own function as tasty fresh fruit, and as someone who usually goes the butter/sugar/lemon juice route with crepes, there was a lot more chewing than I'm used to. However, I feel it's important to stress that it wasn't the crepes themselves that were dry, just my choice of filling didn't provide enough crepe lube. I definitely want to try another combination with a different filling.

While eating my crepe, I overheard another customer ask about opening hours. Verionique responded that she wasn't officially open until Monday. When the girl asked about opening hours for when they're officially open, she said "Probably 8-10..." It doesn't sound like it's set in stone yet, but I'm hoping it is. I'd love to hit this place up after dinner some night. Especially with the cold setting in. They had a pretty fancy looking coffee machine behind the counter that I'm dying to take for a test drive, too.

Four stars because I'm reserving the fifth for my next visit. I'm going to order something that's a little bit ... goopier and see if it matches up. It was the only fault that I could find today, so let's hope a change in order eliminates it.
