xYy54Y2VTBAG5k7WJcaH4A We were looking for a new place to try for our anniversary. My husband took to Yelp to see what area eateries were earning some high marks and he found Terra.  It's next to a Starbucks tucked away and it's very intimate--we liked that. I think perhaps the ambiance inside could use some warming up--that's the only reason I took off a star. It's not the most inviting place on the inside, but they use very clean linens (that's kind of a pet peeve of mine--I hate paper), so there are definitely points for that.

A very friendly gentleman greeted us at the door and seemed genuinely happy we were there. The service was the best I think we've had just about anywhere--before we even thought to ask for something, it was quickly in place (water, fresh napkins and knives, etc.). Our server was friendly, professional, and knowledgeable about the menu. They run a very tight ship--each course was served at the very moment when you began hoping for it to show up.

We had salad, apps, entrees, and dessert. I had the Caesar salad. It was slightly warmed with just the right number of anchovies. My husband loved the pear salad, as well. He had escargot (they are very hard to find anymore) and I had the fresh mozzarella and prosciutto. My husband at first thought there was a bit too much pesto on the escargot, but he said it was delicious. The prosciutto was the best I've had since leaving NY--paper think, just salty enough, and buttery.

For the entrees, I had the grouper on ravioli with what I think was a Pernod sauce and my husband had the scallops. The portions are not large but with so many courses, we didn't feel cheated. The grouper was a bit overcooked but still tender. The scallops were cooked to perfection and the ravioli must have had truffle or some other mushroom in the filling. They were absolutely incredible. For dessert, we shared a chocolate gelato sundae with fresh fruit and homemade whipped cream.

We put great stock in fine service and enjoy it when the staff and chef or owner appreciates that we enjoyed the meal. The same man who greeted us saw us out, shook our hands, and asked us to return. This is the kind of personal touch you want from a small, neighborhood restaurant. The food is simply prepared, fresh, and delicious. We will be back!
