xYy54Y2VTBAG5k7WJcaH4A Incredibly poor customer service. Made a reservation 3-4 months ahead of time for Valentine's Day. Called about a month later to confirm the reservation. Confirmed. No issues. Called February 10 again to confirm. No reservation. Wait, what now? Apparently our reservation had been lost. At this point every restaurant worth going to is full so it's too late to get an alternate reservation.

When I was finally able to get in touch with the management (after 3 phone calls and 1 email) I was told that they were sorry, but there was nothing they could do. I was also told that "several other people" had called with this same issue. No attempt was made to reconcile the situation. Not squeezing us in that night, not even such a small gesture as a complimentary app should we choose to come another night. A heartfelt apology wasn't even issued. It was literally the words, "Sorry, there's nothing I can do."

At this point I was frustrated. I asked what the gentleman's name was and for his position at the restaurant. "Why?" he asked. I told him I wanted to speak with his superior. He answered, "I am the superior. I'm the owner," (still no name given). I asked if he had ever run a restaurant before (in a calm and non-confrontational manner). He literally said, "That's none of your business." Not, "I'd prefer not to give out that information," nor, "I'm sorry, but I would prefer not to say." No. "That's none of your business." 

And so I asked if his restaurant was in the habit of not making amends when they messed up and ruined people's plans. Admittedly, I did sound snarky, but I wasn't being belligerent. He said, "It's your word against mine." That is verbatim, folks. "It's your word against mine." I laughed (because if I didn't I would shout), and wished him, "Good luck." He replied, "Good luck," as well and hung up.

Unfortunately, he's not wrong. He has no incentive whatsoever to make this situation right. It IS my word against his. However, if I EVER spoke to a guest in such a disrespectful manner at the hotel where I used to work I would be fired faster than I could blink. I'm astounded by the lack of customer service knowledge displayed by this owner (if he was indeed the owner; remember, no name was given). 

Its my word against his. I can only hope that the word of a potential customer is worth more to you, reader, than it was to Terra. 

EDIT: Perhaps it would be beneficial for this restaurant to not only take reservations over the phone as their website says. Then there would at least be some sort of record so that problems could be more effectively addressed.
