y0cgy0tTh_C8NWCk0WGgjQ I went to the Rushton with 2 friends on a Saturday night for a girl's night. I called ahead but was told they don't take reservations! Luckily we arrived at 7 pm and there was one table left in the entire restaurant. About half an hour later the bar was packed with people waiting for tables. 

First impressions- The ambiance was nice and the lights were set at the perfect level. LOVED the red curtain you have to walk into the enter the restaurant. It was super crowded! The tables are so close together I was worried that it would be awkward. Aside from a couple beside us who would not stop staring, I didn't really mind the crowd after a while, it was nice that we felt surrounded by people but were kind of in our own world.  

We were so-so on our waitress. She was very knowledgeable about the dishes, but brought us the wrong bottle of wine. I will admit that we didn't catch it right away and we let her open it, so we were partially to blame,  but nonetheless it was nowhere near the wine we had ordered so we wondered if she had paid attention at all to our request? It was a bit pricier that the original bottle and she was nice enough to give it to us at the cheaper price as long as we kept it our little secret (woops... not so much of a secret now i guess). One of my friends finished her dish, to which our server commented "WOW I can't believed you finished the whole thing, it's HUGE!" Yikes. That is definitely something you should never say to a female guest. We all had a laugh over it but i think my friend might have been a tad offended. 

All this being said, the food was AMAZING. We split the Rushton Salad - great as long as you like blue cheese and bitter greens- and an order of coconut shrimp - pretty average but we loved the asian style slaw that it came served on. One friend had the Lobster Linguini, which came with a pesto sauce, I got to try it and it was really tasty. My other friend and I each got the NY steak served with a green pea risotto and sauteed kale, which unfortunately is not on their menu but being served as a feature for the evening. The steak was cooked perfectly, so tender and juicy, and the risotto Ah! the RISOTTO! I dreamt about it weeks later. 

We split the Rushton Trio for dessert, a plate consisting of a mini slice of pecan pie (AH-mazing) of chocolate truffle cake (also fab) and of cheesecake (my least favourite but still tasty) 

The manager came to our table a couple of times to pour our wine and to introduce himself, it made us feel super welcome. 

All in all, we had a great night. I highly recommend this place to all my friends and I can't wait to go back and try out more items from their menu.
