y0cgy0tTh_C8NWCk0WGgjQ We decided to try the Rushton out because we had loved Ferro and the two are connected.  It was a totally different vibe.  I liked the fact that it was relaxed and laid back.  We were seated pretty quickly, having just walked the scant 10 minutes to get there.  (I love our neighbourhood!) We began with risotto with creamy saffron sauce, lemon and seafood. It was the small size, but good enough for a meal if you are not that hungry.  We shared it.  I thought it was amazing.  There was no skimping out on the seafood.  The texture was, to me, excellent and risotto is just brutal to get right.  I've made it a few times.  I know how tough it is (So much work!!).  My wife was not so happy with the lemon, yet I rather liked it.  Different strokes I suppose.  For dinner, I had the steak frites and creamy wild muchrooms. Now, I had not been that hungry when I arrived, so the appetiser had done a number on my appetite, but I will say that I gave it a valiant effort.  The steak was cooked exactly perfectly (medium rare) and the regular and sweet potato fries were amazing.  I will say that I am a mushroom fiend, so I'm always inclined to love mushrooms, but the creamy mushrooms were just amazing.  I mean that.  I was so glad to have leftovers the next day.  My wife had the seafood linguine and greatly enjoyed it.  I wish I had left room to try a bit myself.  For dessert, I finished with the mango sorbet. It was very good, but seemed to have more of a gelato texture; not really a bad thing, just not as light.  My wife had  the blueberry sorbet and Milanese vanilla gelato. She loved the gelato, but was not so keen on the blueberry sorbet.  She also loved my mango sorbet (cough, cough).  I, however, thought the blueberry sorbet was amazing.  

While I would not normally name the server, mostly since I'm terrible with names, I will say that we had Simon for a server and he did a great job.  He was knowledgeable and quite funny.  He seemed to get that we could handle some joking about and went with it.  As a result, we just had a plain great time too.

Overall, I would recommend the Rushton.  It's a little bit of everything cuisine-wise, which is not a bad thing.  I'm looking forward to trying most of it.
