YBWG4INShu3tvinpD2fPOQ Two stars includes the very nice waiter's service. Other then that, it would of been a star, star and half top!

We came on a Sunday evening, we're on vacation. I made sure by calling them to ask if the fish is fresh of the day or not. The reason why is that they were going to be closed for the next two days and that i wanted to be sure they weren't going to be serving us leftover seafood. The person on the phone assured me that it's always fresh from the day and that they are "used" to being opened on Sundays. "Do not worry 'mam. You will not get food poisoning!" Ok 

There was total six guests including my husband and I. Slow night?! Plus, we had to wait about 30-40 minutes in between services. I also saw the sushi Chef running around like a headless chicken at one point. Was he the only kitchen staff? Anyways let's just get to business. 

We got:

Signature house cocktail. Very good and original. But small drink and expensive! 

Miso soup
Vichyssoise soup
Tuna tartar "cappuccino" entrée
A sake bomb entrée
The maki plate assortment
The "chef d'oeuvre" plate assortment
Molten chocolate cake
Crème brûlée duo. 

The soups were ok. My main concern was my entrée the tuna tartar with it's viscous, slimy weird tasting foam. The tuna was FAR from fresh. I had a hard time swallowing it. At one point i just wanted to run to the bathroom or just spit it out! It was THAT bad! Felix hard ordered the beef tataki but they didn't have it so they offered him the sake bomb. A fried rice ball with salmon. It was ok. Sushis now. We got a total of 30 pieces and ended up eating about 8-9 pieces total! Those pieces didn't have raw fish in them. The ones with the raw seafood were "weirdly different" then what we are used to. The freshness wasn't there! The only success from the evening was the desserts. They were surprisingly delicious! Thankfully the waiter was very nice and attentive! But was it because we were only six??? 

I would NEVER recommend anyone to go there for sushi. Perhaps the french bistro side is better. I will never know because i will NOT be coming back. The concept is original but i don't think that French cuisine and Japanese cuisine mesh well together.

We both got upset stomachs...
