4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw Made reservations nearly a month in advance for dinner for 4, and looked forward to the experience because I had eaten here once before and loved it. But this time - yuk! 

First, server appeared before we had even fully sat down (I was still trying to figure out where to set my purse) and asked what we wanted to drink. Told her we needed a few mintues - bad move as she did not return for a full 20 minutes. We had chosen a bottle of wine and an appetizer for the table, but she refused to take the appetizer request until she went and got the wine! When she returned with the wine she proceeded to fill my glass nearly to the brim. This is a pet peeve of mine. When I spend $80 for a bottle of wine I want it poured correctly so that there is room in the glass to aerate it and develop the flavor.

Anyway, we remind her of the appetizer we want and order our meals. Appetizer never came. Waited 25 minutes and salads arrived. Told her we never got the appetizer we ordered and she said, "oh sorry, we won't charge you for it then". Less than 5 minutes later the entrees arrived and she tried to take the salads away even though we had barely had a chance to touch them!

We had ordered the steaks cooked "medium" and they came cold in the middle. Returned them for more cooking - another 20 minutes go by. Finally she delivers the steaks again and also the bill! We mention that we just might want to look at a dessert menu once we have finished the meal, so she runs right off and brings one to us.

We try to eat the rest of our meal, while she continually visits the table to ask if she can take plates away and if we want dessert. When we do finish she is nowhere to be seen. We give up and pay the bill and go elsewhere for dessert.

This evening was pretty much a total loss. Was embarrassed because I picked the restaurant and was telling my friends how good it was. I'll think twice before going here again. There's just too many good restaurants in Vegas to take a chance on this one again.
