_cjPEH9wXhKS-HQe_U3M4Q I went to Le Sélect Bistro for a birthday dinner, I made reservations, got prime seating by the fireplace as per reservation request, check. Everything going according to plan, check. I ordered the prix fixe menu and my boyfriend ordered the steak frites, pretty simple right? Not exactly.

First our server was non-existent once we ordered. She seemed to be chatting it up to some big shots who ordered the whole wine menu next to us. No problem, get those tips sweety, just make sure my appetizer comes before my main course! Oops fail #1. 

Second I had to remind our server that I was there for a birthday and  I was curious if a dessert would accompany our dinner. She said of course, then asked what type of dessert the birthday boy would like.  I'm still wondering what type of dessert would have appeared in front of my companion if I'd never gotten up to ask her in the first place! Fail #2. Btw when she brought out my boyfriend's dessert, I also had to remind her that I also had a dessert as well!!!! You know because that comes as part of the prix fixe! Again she seemed surprised and went to put in the order. Fail #3

The only thing saving Le Select Bistro is the atmosphere which did remind me of cafes in Paris, but the service was no where close to Parisian service! 

On to the actual food :

1a). House Salad: was okay nothing special here b) the complimentary bread was delicious but only one per customer! 
2. Escargot Puff Pastry thing: again nothing special, which was disappointing 
3.  Steak Frites: now I'm no steak connoisseur but the steak was very tender and pretty good. Frites were nothing special tasted very similar to Holy Chuck fries actually. My boyfriend however wasn't as impressed with his steak said he preferred Canyon Creek! 
4. Creme Brulee: this was probably the best out of everything, very delicious! 
5. Birthday Chocolate cake with some type of Mango sorbet: Chocolate cake was alright; the standout here was the Mango sorbet, very good!

All in all the dinner was just okay. I'd still give this place a shot for brunch and see if it can redeem itself. However, they really need to do something with their staff because for the price you pay you get below average service.
