YI44-Pt98l03yaIeeKCuEQ I walked in Restaurant l'Ambroisie with my husband with no particular expectation, but only the hope of finding something good for lunch at a place we hadn't tried yet. What we found was mostly disappointment.

While the food wasn't a total disaster (we ate most of it and did not suffer intoxication after all), it was a rather average experience. The waitress, who seemed very blasée but who offered us a timely service nonetheless, brought us a very watery mushroom cream first, which would have been okay if the dish had been called soup instead of cream. It was the first time my husband and I had encountered a botched mushroom cream. When Tim Horton's, a fast food chain, beats you at making a proper cream, there's a problem. Moving on.

We then had a vegetarian lasagna with a side of salad. The salad itself was a bit pitiful and lifeless, tossed greens with boring ranch topping and a swirl of carrots as decoration. The lasagna was alright, but we both agreed it lacked spices, and that it felt like it had been reheated. The ingredients did not taste fresh at all. It was however filling.

Finally, somehow managing to find some remaining hope in our hearts, we ordered the crème brulée. What we were presented with somewhat looked like it, but a bite of it revealed a gelatinous pudding-like substance which was definitely unlike any crème brulée we ever had. For the first time ever, we did not finish our dessert. It was gross and a total failure. 

Other than that, the tea and coffee were surprisingly alright, but the cups were significantly stained with tea. I know, being a regular tea drinker, that scrubbing hard to remove the stains can be tedious, but c'mon, we are talking about running a purported "French Restaurant" here, I'm actually paying for my meal! 

The room was decorated as a blend of 90s faux classical decor. At night it might be charming, however with all the details revealed by the daylight it looks a bit dated and tacky. I don't like to judge a book by its cover, but they would benefit from a redesign, if only to improve the visual and spatial experience. And hey, maybe a new improved decor could actually up the morale of the employees and encourage the cooks to actually produce quality food! Alright, I'm done.

The bill amounted to almost $50. In my heart, I felt I had been ripped off when I went to pay at the counter. The only person deserving their money at Restaurant l'Ambroisie is the waitress; the cooks and whoever reheated the food on their end did a very poor job combined.

I was disappointed and I will not be back.
