yIBeZebnXb-hvexqknnDCg The McNinch house is located in the Fourth Ward neighborhood (my favorite part of Charlotte.) The front yard is so inviting with it's warm lighting and shaded trees along the sidewalks. It's surrounded by the hustle and bustle of the city, but once you walk through the gates, it's as if the city doesn't exist. It's cozy, charming and historical.

If you want to feel like a princess for one night, this place will make it all seem so real. It's one of the most romantic restaurants in Charlotte. It's worth every penny and something you must experience at least once in your life. If you're thinking that it's "too fancy" or "I don't belong", well that's probably true. I definitely didn't belong in a place like this (Sometime eat salad with my fingers), but they'll make you feel like you're the most important person to ever walked through their doors to dine. Even though it's extremely elegant and fancy, you never once get the "hoity-toity" attitude. You're simply graced with southern hospitality at it's finest.

We weren't in the mood for alcohol, so we skipped out on the wine, but I must mention that they are known for their selection and knowledge of fine-quality wine. If you are a wine connoisseur, this is your place. Wes, the wine steward, is a pretty big deal. He's been working in the industry for twenty-one years and has trained at the New York's Windows on the World Win School. I believe he's worked at the McNinch house for thirteen years. He was so pleasant and loved to joke around. He gave us a little history lesson on the house.

All of the ceilings and woodwork in the house were so eye-catching. I couldn't stop starring at all the detail. It was handcrafted by the same man who designed a lot of the woodwork at the Biltmore. I love the touches of purple throughout the house, indicating it's royalty and elegance. The detail did not go unnoticed. Some people may think that the classical music in the background is too cliche, but I appreciated it. I loved the mood it set and the pieces playing were beautiful and calming.

The only complaint I have is that everything on the menu sounded so decadent, that it was hard to choose. They reassured us that the one thing they don't do there is rush, so we could take our time looking at the menu. And if you don't know what something is, just ask because the staff is so informative and know everything about their menu. They don't educate themselves for nothing. They are more than delighted to assist you in anyway. You're royal, remember?

The food is incredible. The chefs are talented and artistic! Everything we ate was wonderful! Check out my blog for all food photos and thoughts!

I loved that our dinner was long and enjoyable. There was no waiting in-between courses. Once we were done with one course (on our time) they'd grab the plates from table and serve the next course within seconds. The dinner was at our pace and never rushed, or too slow. I call that a good course flow.

http://simplytaralynn.com/2016/08/16/dined-like-royals-mcninch-house/

Read the rest of my review at the link above for my food descriptions and thoughts!
