YK313oIaYb8Z2NQHL1NWBQ When I rave about my time in Montreal, this is another one of the places that comes to mind. As a former beer judge, naturally I am a fan of Unibroue beer. It was tantalizing to be so close to the brewery in Chambly, but alas we did not have transportation. Luckily for us, Fourquet Fourchette, which celebrates the marriage of gastronomy and beer, has a restaurant in the city, which was fairly easy to find at the Palais des Congrès. The real treat at this restaurant turned out to be the menu itself, and having all of Unibroue's beers on tap was just icing on the cake. I've already mentioned that I am a fan of game meat. Well, the menu itself was full of game, which all sounded delicious (caribou pot pie, for example), I was having a hard enough time deciding what to get. Then our server came around and told us the daily specials, and that just made the decision even harder! The daily quiche was a quiche of game meats; the daily pasta was filled with duck meat and topped with bison jus; the daily seafood was some kind of local fish I can't remember; and the daily meat special was flank steak of horse. That's right, HORSE! I love Canada so much. Anyway, Vince got the horse and I got the duck pasta topped with bison. The horse was super flavorful, I was really glad I was able to try it. I loved my pasta because it was just crammed full of meat and topped with meat juice and more meat; no space wasted on silly things like cheese and sauce. For lunch, it was actually a super good deal, because everything came with a soup and salad bar, dessert and coffee. Of course we also each got a beer sampler, which came with Blanche de Chambly, Raftman, Chambly Noire, Maudite, La Fin du Monde, and Trois Pistoles. It was nice to be able to try the Raftman and Chambly Noire, since I haven't seen these in the US and they were lower in alcohol than the other Unibroue beers. Due to its location, it seems to attract mostly a business lunch crowd from the local office buildings, rather than tourists, though the servers are in traditional costume, evoking "the lost era of New France and its native culture." Our server Serge was amazingly nice and friendly, and was very helpful in suggesting places in Montreal for us to visit. We really appreciated his excellent service as well as all of the delicious food and beer. I highly recommend this place. During the week they are mostly just open for lunch; their hours are Monday to Wednesday: 11:30 to 4:00 p.m., Thursday and Friday: 11:30 to 10 p.m., Saturday: 5:30 to 10 p.m., and closed Sunday. They also have a location in Chambly.
