ynYEgNimJOyb8dvyr9x0sA I have been meaning to try Le Chalet since reading great reviews, close to home and I really like crepes. More past food memories to re-live.
So, when I got my Groupon email I quickly snapped one up to give 'er a try. My Groupon was stuck to the front of the fridge for a few weeks and my hubby surprisingly mentioned that it sounded like a great place to try on this one Saturday afternoon. 
We arrived and it was quiet since it was 2:30 PM on Saturday (not surprised due to our late lunch time). It was larger than I expected inside. It had a serene, comfortable atmosphere. It was kinda romantic as well because of the lighting. The music was tres Français and got us in the mood for crepes and hand holding.
I decided on the Meditrranee and my hubby decided on the Bretone.  We were pleasantly surprised by an amuse bouche of a cheese tartine. The neighboring table was just getting their meal which I  deduced to be the Chicken Fondue. It smelled wonderful. 
Our crepes arrived and the scent of our neighbor's fondue, my leeks with saffron and my husband's rosemary ham was intoxicating. The crepes were fashioned in a square shape with the center opened to show some of the filling (nice contrast to the deep brown, I believe, buckwheat crepe) and accompanied by a lovely small mixed green salad. I was sure I would finish off the crepe easily and get onto a dessert crepe. They were both delectable. However, the sauce on my crepe and the egg on my hubby's Bretone made both crepes very rich (not a bad thing) and I actually did not finish mine so I could get to dessert. 
I went on to order the Salted Butter Caramel (a family recipe, how could I resist) with chocolate dessert crepe and my hubby ordered a Leffe beer. I gave him a a bite of my crepe and I finished off the rest of the crepe and scraped up as much of the caramel with my fork as possible. OMG, soooo yummy!
Look forward to going back soon to try more dishes. Fondue perhaps. La Potence perhaps. Sweet potato frites (the next table over had these and they looked awesome) perhaps. Dessert, for sure!
