ynYEgNimJOyb8dvyr9x0sA Been here twice--once with friends when I only ordered a crepe, and once again with dad, when I ordered death by fine French decadence.  We had la Potence and the assorted cold cuts sampler with the melted Raclette cheese service.  Quick snapshot of the general aim of the restaurant: my dad asked if they had French onion soup, but the waiter just chuckled and said they try not to be *that* kind of French restaurant.  

La Potence: you order it, they wheel it out and set it on fire, and slowly you pick off the hanging chunks of meat and slather it in the buttery sauces they give you.  Initially I was actually a little bit disappointed; sure they set it on fire, but it's only a handful of meat with five different variations of butter--for $$$.  But don't be an idiot like me!  The pineapple they drape over the top isn't there just to be fancy--it actually does tenderize the meat, and plays off nicely with the whiskey juice they pour over the whole apparatus.  The butter sauces could be punchier--but remember, this is French food, not Thai.  All of the juices that drip off the meat goes into a skillet of wild rice, which is simple but delicious.

Assorted Cold Cuts with Raclette: again, they bring out an underwhelming assortment of meats, and then they wheel out this strange contraption attached to a formerly-whole wheel of raclette.  There's a set amount of cheese melting services they provide, and you can choose to split them up instead of getting it all at once.  Anyways, this turned out to be just the right serving size, otherwise I'd be dead from a heart attack instead of writing this review.  Everything seems so deceptively simple, but it's rich beyond compare, and I really missed good European deli meats.  The piece de la resistance was when I arranged the la potence beef, surrounded by the rice, heaped on top of the cold cuts and cut up potatoes, and had them cover the whole schmear with raclette.  

Amazingly, we still had room for dessert.  My dad had the chocolate lover's crepe (I forget the name, but it was aimed towards chocoholics--he wasn't that impressed), and I had the frangipani--which was delicious, almondy heaven.  My dad ordered a coffee, and while he was initially disappointed that they didn't have any way to make it hazelnut-flavored, all was forgiven when the waiter brought out the coffee press.  We're no coffee snobs, but this coffee was the most fragrant brew I had ever tasted; putting hazelnut in it would've been a waste of damn good coffee. 

Waiter was friendly.  I don't remember his name, but he's the older guy with the glasses.  He explained the whole process of setting the meat on fire and melting the cheese like a tour guide, and made the experience very pleasant.

Yes this place is potentially hard on your arteries and your wallet, but this is our new place for rare, indulgent special occasions--so hopefully now my LDL is back to normal.
