ynYEgNimJOyb8dvyr9x0sA Great service, awesome food. Went here last night with a Groupon and two friends. We sat at the bar and had Rob (I hope I got your name right!) the bartender serving us all night. He was really accomidating and friendly.
We got the Swiss cheese fondue (gruyère cheese mixed with white wine and German brandy), Pâté de campagne (2 slices of pork pâté with 2 slices of toasted baguette) , La Potence (a heated mace of filet mignon, flambéed in front of you with bourbon and pineapple over wild rice) and one each of the chocolate ganache, salted caramel, and lemon sugar crêpes. Quite an exciting meal for this chicken and potatoes girl! 
The fonue was excellent and we got it with both Golden Delicious apple slices and toast points. The pâté was interesting - I'd never had any before - and it's not something I'd order by itself, but skewer that with some toast and dip it in the fondue, and you have yourself a delicious mini-sandwich. 
La Potence is a house special developed by the French chef/co-owner and we actually got to watch the man himself flambé it tableside and fresh. He went through all the ingredients, steps and some tips on eating it as he cooked. Really cool! And so tasty. It was a little more red than I usually eat my steak but I classed it up and ate it anyway. We also ordered a plate each of the different sauces that are made for it. There was a ketchup-mayo frite sauce, a dijon mustard mix, a steak tartar, and a mustard dill sauce. Also came with a slice of rosemary butter that was awesome with the bourbon/steak/pineapple-infused wild rice. It wasn't totally satisfying - I wanted more! - and a little pricey, but for the experience alone, it was well worth it. 
My favourite crêpe was also the cheapest and most simple - the sugar and lemon. You can watch them cook the crêpes on the two television screens over the bar which was interesting. You think, "Crêpe? It's just a super thin pancake!" but watching them make them, you can see it's not so simple.

Overall, really nice experience. With the $22-off Groupon, the bill was still over $50, but if you share among friends and split the cost, it's totally affordable.

It is my personal opinion that those below giving horrible reviews of horrible experiences are just too demanding or uncultured. "Raw bacon"? It's called prosciutto. Maybe learn a bit about the world before feeling it necessary to share your opinions with it.
