ynYEgNimJOyb8dvyr9x0sA This review isn't fair. I wanted to let you know from the beginning. I came here for a large party (40+ people). I know that this experience is going to be very different than coming here for dinner, so this review is only for an experience having a party here. The restaurant doesn't look like much from the outside, but inside it is very kitschy and has a lot of Swiss decor. We had the whole bar room for the party and the set up was nice. The appetizers they served were alright (I only tried the bacon pizza type thing...it was ok, a little odd and a little cold...but that's often how things go at a large function). The first big debacle was the drink situation. They had 3 or so bartenders but they didn't have water out on the table or people coming around to bring drinks so the bartenders were SLAMMED. Even if you only wanted water you had to wait for a long time. Why not put out glasses of water and pitchers (maybe one of tea and one of water?) ? This would have reduced the wait and put less stress on these poor bartender ladies and made the whole experience more pleasurable. Anyway, the food came out slooowly (again, a byproduct of a large party). They brought out plates with several sauces, but no explanation of what the sauces were. Then awhile later they brought out a dish of sweet potato fries...were we supposed to dip in the sauces? I dunno. Then some salads, but not enough for the whole table...looked individual, but I guess they were for sharing. We were all really hoping for some clarification on what any of these things were, but did not receive any. Then they brought out the raw meat, chicken and steak, and actually explained cook times for them and warned not to use the metal pitchfork cooking apparatus to eat the meat, as it might burn your mouth. Got it. The cook times they gave us were a little under the necessary times, but I understand that it is not always consistent. The meat was good, the method of cooking it was far better than the melting pot.... forget broth, they had oil. This made the meat come out more tender, which I liked. The only bad part was all the smoke....got really smokey in there after awhile. Oh, and that this made the owner (manager?) stress out a lot (as is to be expected) with carrying the hot oil between the tables and someone tried to pick up the oil, which I think just about gave him a heart attack...poor guy. After we were done with the meat, they served dessert, which was an assortment of fruits and whatnot with a chocolate fountain. The chocolate was kind of cold... more like a hershey's chocolate sauce than a fondue chocolate, so it wasn't amazing, but it was fine. This was a very cool idea for a party; however, I don't think they are completely ready for a party this size. Maybe stick with coming here for just dinner. I would definitely try it again in that capacity.
