ynYEgNimJOyb8dvyr9x0sA My experience at Le Chalet was the worst experience I have ever had at a restaurant. My wife and I were hoping for a nice night out with her sister and husband. All of us have been to Le Chalet, on our own excursions in the past, and had enjoyed the food. We expected a similar experience on this occasion. 

Upon entering Le Chalet, we were greeted by a man, later identified as the owner, wearing an un-tucked polo shirt, blue jeans, and casual shoes (this has relevance as will be noted later). He asked us if we were here for the comedy show to which we responded we were just there for dinner. He persisted on us attending the comedy show, which was going to be performed in one-half of the restaurant with a cover charge of $10. Again, we said we just wanted to have dinner together. He relented in his solicitation of the comedy show and brought us to a table which abutted another table of four (there was plenty of room in the restaurant at the time with numerous tables open). The table to which we were guided had cell phones, purses, and wallets of the other patrons resting on its top. Noticing this and thinking we would be encroaching on the others' space and them on ours, we asked for the table which was just to the left but was not encumbered by other patrons' property. Not saying a word, the owner plopped the menus down on the next table and left.

It came time to order our food. My sister-in-law asked if she could have her steak cooked well-done. The waitress said she could not do this, and the meat would be cooked medium-rare. My sister-in-law said she had ordered and received the steak well-done in the past, but she was willing to order another meal. She ordered chicken, and her husband ordered steak. Both meals require an oil in which the meat is cooked before final consumption. My brother-in-law is allergic to chicken, so he asked for a separate oil. The waitress said she would have to get permission for this. This is where our experience became un-worldly weird.

The owner walked up to our table and began to berate us all. Caught off guard by his tone and demeanor, it took me a minute to understand what was going on and what he was saying. Here is what I understood. The owner started by telling us it would be sacrilegious to cook the steak well-done (this was the same steak which my sister-in-law had decided not to get and had already placed another order for chicken). We were told if we wanted canned food we needed to go to Olive Garden or some other place who doesn't know what true food is. He went on this rant for a couple of minutes. I found it interesting that he was placing his restaurant on a higher level than all others and telling us we weren't fit for his fine restaurant when he stood before us with one hand in his pocket, the other waving over our appetizer and drinks, and he dressed in his very casual attire. He next told us he would not give the two oils for the chicken and steak because there was no room on the table for it. I think I turned off listening to what else he was saying at this point, because he was yelling at this time. I was really perplexed by this awkward social moment, and the only thing I said was, "Are you really yelling at us?"

It was a confusing exchange at the table to say the least. Maybe I am a lesser class than he, because I do not understand why were yelled at or what bothered him so much. He may have been having a poor day, but I can say I have never been treated like that at a restaurant before. 

Needless to say, we decided to leave before our meals came. We paid for our appetizer (the cheese fondue, which was very good) and our drinks and then left. We will never go back to Le Chalet again. Hopefully others, who read this, will decide to go somewhere else as well.
