ynYEgNimJOyb8dvyr9x0sA My husband and I decided to check out this restaurant after reading yelp-er Terry T's review. I  enjoyed my meal, but, to be honest,  I  was left a little underwhelmed.  Soon I'll be the only one in Phoenix who feels this way because come August, Le Chalet has been selected as one of Phoenix top new restaurants by Phoenix Magazine. 

First things first: Can someone explain why Le Chalet's dinner crepes are made out of whole wheat (or something that looks dark and grainy) versus a traditional crepe?  Is this the traditional way crepes are served?

Now to the experience of eating at Le Chalet.   We visited on a Saturday night around 7pm. I t was busy but they were able to seat us immediately.  The service was slow, but the hostess was on top of things and took our drink order. I would say the best part of my night was the Swiss Kiss Martin (chocolate and strawberry creme and vodka). Of course, that spurred a conversation between the difference of a Swiss Kiss and a French Kiss..... but,  I digress....

For our main course I ordered  a grilled chicken salad which was served with 4 crepes around the plate (kind of like slices of bread). The grilled chicken salad was wonderful, but certainly nothing out of the ordinary.  My husband ordered a Ratatouille stuffed crepe with goat cheese. "Stuffed" may have been a misnomer. The filling was light ( as in not a lot) and only folded into the middle of the crepe, which left most of the crepe hanging out there on its own. There was a huge helping of grilled goat cheese on top, which Ross found overpowering.  I took half of it and put it in my salad.   His crepe was the wholegrain version which gave for an overpowering flavor. 

The dessert crepes looked FABULOUS! And maybe this is where Le Chalet really redeems themselves. Unfortunately, I'll need to look forward to another visit to try them out.

If you've been thinking about trying Le Chalet, do it quick, because I suspect it will be hard to get in once Phoenix Magazine releases it's Best Of edition.
