Yp1swb-8pO8i-6-jaK2tsA My family and I will never go back there again! I never noticed this place before, even though it's close to my house, but saw they were honoring veterans with a free meal from a special menu with the purchase of a non-alcoholic drink. So I took my family to try it out. 

We get there and wait for several minutes without even a "boo" from any of the staff that keep looking in our direction. Finally the manager comes over and seems lost as to where to put us because we have a stroller. Keep in mind the place was dead. Maybe 3 or 4 other tables with customers at them. We get sat and then other people start showing up. Our waiter visits every other table that came in after us "twice" before coming to us, even though we are sitting there clearly waiting for him. When he comes over I ask him about the special Veterans Menu and he chuckles and says "yeah, we have one, why are you a veteran?" Yeah dumb ass, why the f do you think I'm asking... So I show him my ID and he gets the menu, hands it to me and asks me what I want even though I literally had 2 seconds to look at it. 

Moving on, we order and when the food comes out my burger is almost raw and my girlfriend asked for some parmesan cheese for her pasta. We wait, and wait but it never comes so she just decides to eat because we have our baby and can't be there all night. We are both finished with our meals and he finally comes with the cheese and laughs thinking it's funny we never got it. 

I tell him bring me the check and when he does I see he charged me for my meal. I question it and he tells me I was supposed to buy "2" beverages. Ummmm NOPE! I showed him the advertisement and even referred to the menu he gave me, it says I have to buy "A Drink", not 2. So he goes back and talks to the manager (who really shouldn't be even managing a dog wash) and tells him what I said. The manager then comes out and trys to tell me I was given an $8 burger when the deal was only for a $5 burger. Wait, the f you say!? I order the damn burger from the "special menu" your incompetent waiter gave me. A menu that had no prices on it, just 3 options for a free meal to choose from... At this point I'm pissed and just want to leave bit he tells me (as if he did me some sort of favor) that he went ahead and discounted my check the $5 I was supposed to get (but I was still charged the other $3), and by the way, the Sprit also cost $3.50. So basically, it wasn't a free meal and the meal I paid for wasn't even good enough for my dog. 

I left a ZERO tip and will NEVER, EVER go back to this place again! There are far too many restaurants out there to try rather than giving a place like this a second chance. The entire experience just went from bad to worse and they clearly don't honor vets. In fact, it actually feels like they are trying to scam us. If you're a vet, go somewhere else. Their so called "fee meal" isn't free and a hot dog from 7-11 will taste better.
