Yp1swb-8pO8i-6-jaK2tsA The food was excellent.  

The service was pretty bad.

My friend and I went, this was both our first times to Mimi's Cafe, and we both agree that the food which is made to order is very good. We also agree the service is just above atrocious.  We went on a Sunday night right at dinner time about 5:30-6, somewhere in there...there were MAYBE six tables eating at the time and that's being generous.

The hostess seemed a bit flustered and I am not even sure why, there were only two parties waiting. She called our name but said no the other party, which is fine they were here first. I am not sure how you get that mixed up especially when she was looking right at us, then she said she said another name.  My friend and I both heard her quite clearly.  We waited a ridiculous ten minutes for a table. If they were busy that would have been one thing.  Were they that understaffed? In that instance you need to give a heads up, I hadn't planned on it being a two hour affair.

It took a very long time for a server to come to our table to get our drinks. We asked for extra time to decide an appetizer because they all sounded  great and we were trying to decide what we wanted for dinner and what would be best. When she did come back we ordered our appetizer and she stood there looking at us.  I had to ask her if she was ready for our dinner order.  Shouldn't she have asked us if we were ready to order rather than standing there awkwardly not saying anything? She took plates away that we still wanted, she didn't ask if we still wanted them. Yes, there is still bread and butter on the plate, what were you thinking, woman? We had to ask the hostess for more butter since ours was taken without our permission and our server must have entered the witness protection program at that point. My server forgot my water, which is not a big deal I still had my wine. She asked if we needed anything and I just said I'd like a water please, she said I knew I forgot something.  If you knew you forgot something why didn't you come to our table to ask what you forgot? I got a dessert and the check. She ran my card dropped it off and then I saw her LEAVE. I thought maybe a smoke break...I still needed her...she still had a table...US! She didn't know how I much I tipped her, she was NOT done.  If she was on a smoke break it was an inappropriate time to do that when a table is finishing up. I had to go chase down another server for to go boxes.  If she had an emergency another server should have told us that the server had to leave. I worked in restaurants for 25 years. I know good service from bad. Never in my life have I taken tip away.  The place was not busy.  I left 20% at first. When I saw her leave without checking if we needed anything else first, I took $2.00 away and adjusted the tip. In hindsight I wish I had not tipped at all.

I will go to Mimi's Cafe again but not this location. Hopefully others are run a bit better with better service. I can handle sub standard service...no introductions, no smiling as long as you are timely but I can't handle sub sub sub standard service which is what I got. Our server was not rude but lacked any kind of personality. We all have bad days at work but it seemed that the service in general, hostess included was just plain bad.
