Yp1swb-8pO8i-6-jaK2tsA It's a Monday night and it's practically dead at the restaurant. We arrive and the host tells us it'll be a five to ten minutes for our table, he then addresses the couple that came in behind us. We're commenting on the fireplace that is lit when the host takes us to a half-filled room and seats us at a table that was ready the entire time. So why did we have to wait?  We ask for a booth and he says they are all taken as the rest of the rooms in the café were closed. The couple that came in after us is seated in a booth in the other, supposedly closed, section of the restaurant. Really? 

We browse through the menu, but what I saw online wasn't on the menu in front of me, though I found something else I could order. Our waitress is pleasant and smiling, but not in the fake way that so many servers do. I order the meatloaf and my boyfriend orders the chicken pot pie. They are out of chicken pot pie, apparently a woman sitting at a table behind us ordered the last one. He gets the chicken parmesan.
 It's a very small dining area and everyone can see each other. There was a man with two little girls eating in a booth next to us. It was very sweet, he was talking with them and they were high fiving each other and overall seemed to be having a great time. No cell phones, no distractions, just the three of them enjoying time together. Something happened with one of the girls and she suddenly needed to go to the bathroom. He picked her up because she couldn't get her shoes back on and took both of them to the bathroom. Naturally he would take both, no? They were young, maybe 5 years old, not old enough where you would leave one by themselves in a restaurant. Almost immediately their waiter goes over to their table and stands there. Everyone eating there that night can see what is going on. The waiter was making hand gestures with the rest of the staff that the man was going to dine and dash; he wanted to clear off their table. They were not even done eating. A higher staff member said to give it five minutes before he cleared off their table. Now, as any parent knows, it's not always a quick in and out with children. Also, I want to add that the bathroom is nowhere near the front door. Their waiter keeps going back and forth from the kitchen to their table and standing over their table, gesturing and laughing with the staff the whole time. It was incredibly rude and unnecessary, not to mention awkward the way the waiter loomed over the table making a scene. It goes on for a good ten minutes, maybe more. This pisses off my boyfriend and I. We ask for our bill, and for the bill of the man and his two daughters. 

You want to know what the restaurant was so worried about? Onion dip and two kids macaroni. They were drinking waters. Their bill was 24 dollars. So this restaurant is so shallow that they make a scene out of 24 dollars.  Our waitress asked if we knew them and we said no. She kept saying how sweet we were, but she didn't say anything on how rude the staff was.  My boyfriend ordered the family a cheesecake, paid the bills, and we left. Oh, and the family did go back to their table after they came from the bathroom and continued eating, they did not dine and dash. Their waiter acted like nothing had happened. He should have apologized to the man. 
 Although the meatloaf was great, the parmesan chicken was disgusting, and the staff was appalling. We will never go to this restaurant again.
