Yp1swb-8pO8i-6-jaK2tsA More French than ever, new menu, and freshly prepared food.  I'm new to Mimi's Cafe.  I didn't know what it was, nor that it was a chain.  Because it is a chain restaurant, I expected prepared foods vs fresh and nouveau versions of French dishes.  I'm told it was based more on Louisiana type french but ownership has changed and they just came out with a brand new menu as of 2 days ago.  I'm told some of the regular customers are upset that certain dishes are gone.  This happens and is necessary because a business cannot survive on just old time regulars, they need to pull in new customers as time goes on.  But this change is for the better from what I can deduce, at least for me.
  The food is no longer prepared, it is all freshly made in house.  A change from the past.  Also the dishes are much more traditional French now.  In fact, many of the dishes are recipe's from the original founder.  It really is a French restaurant now.  The dishes will continue to change over time, which is the mark of a fine restaurant.
  I had lunch but the food was so good I had to come back for dinner.  My servers were superb.  They were also under criticism from some of the regulars about the menu changes.  It's not their fault and again, I think it's for the better if you like more traditional French cuisine and you like it made fresh in house.
  It's going to take me many more trips before I get to try everything but I will as I like just about everything I see on the menu.  We don't even have a real French restaurant where I am from but this one is very close to me here.  I expect to become a regular myself.
  Again, not being used to this area I am not fully aware of relative pricing.  The dishes at Mimi's, being more traditional French without odd flares, were less expensive than I would have thought for fresh cooking, however.  The portions of the dishes I had were  good for the price.  IMHO, I thought they were quite reasonable and not expensive.
  Inexpensive, freshly prepared, traditional French.  I'm very pleased.  People need to come in and try the new menu.  Forgive them for dropping older favorites and try the new dishes.  Some of them are fantastic.
