Yp9w4nhUowBU_IS_StFXbQ Need to update this to a 5 star. I went here 2 times and both were splendid. 

Breakfast
Smoked salmon plate with Tableau potatoes on the side.
Salmon was extremely high quality, all the fixings on the side (capers, tomatoes, onions) were very fresh, the cream cheese was ample, bagel was perfectly toasted. Just delicious and priced fairly at $17. The potatoes were very unique --- gooey and crispy at the same time, never had anything quite like these. 

Lunch
Tomato bisque was AMAZING. Wonderful portion size, served with the soft fluffy bread on the side in the mini tin pot. The bisque really surprised me. And the crab cake sandwich with fries --- most places cheap out on the crab, load up on the fries. The exact opposite here. Excellent high grade crab, well made sandwich, and the fries were just enough. The flavor of the fries was excellent (love the spice they put on top of the fries). Again, very fairly priced for what I got.

Service was fast and friendly. For this quality, at these prices, in this ambiance, with this consistency, I need to bump it up from my previous 4.5 stars to a 5 star. Welcome, Tableau, to my rare 5 star club (

Bread
Very soft, fluffy, cute presentation.

Shrimp and scallop ceviche
Served in a martini glass with a small spoon. Great presentation. The flavor was outstanding and the portion of fish was generous. It was just delish, well done.

Tuna tartare
Now everyone had talked about this dish so I had high expectations. This lived up!!! Wow, I should have just done a double order of this for lunch! It was well balanced, very fresh, just spectacular. Not the most filling thing but it's all about quality not quantity, right?

Service
Attentive. When I asked for the check, I had about 90% of my iced tea left. With the check, she brought a plastic to go cup in case I wanted to take my iced tea to go (I did). Nice touch.

All around, very impressive. The only reason this is not 5 stars is that for a 65 dollar lunch, I still got hungry a few hours later. So the "value factor" isn't really there. But 4.5 stars for sure.
