Yp9w4nhUowBU_IS_StFXbQ We have been to Vegas several different times, and had never eaten breakfast anywhere until Tableau. It was my husband's bday and he really wanted to go somewhere for a nice breakfast. Since we were staying at Encore we made the short walk over to Tableau and were seated pretty much immediately in the atrium section. 

I ordered the omelet and fresh berries and he had elk sausage and eggs. I can't say anything bad about my plate...it was delicious, however, after my hubby took a couple bites out of his he noticed his eggs were cold and the potatoes were not all done, yet the sausage was warm. He told the server right away and he took his dish back to the kitchen. Our server came back and apologized and informed us that the executive chef himself was going to remake the dish and it would be out shortly. 

Well I continued on with my omelet and after a few minutes the server brought out a new elk sausage and eggs. After already consuming about half of this one my hubby realized that the potatoes were still not done. He was really upset b/c he was really excited about breakfast, and it just seemed as though they just couldn't get his dish right. 

We also noticed they never brought out his orange juice that he ordered and brought that to the waiter's attention. He apologized again and brought us out not only an orange juice, but Apple juice and a grapefruit juice to try. He also brought us out a complimentary pastry basket to try and make up for everything. You could tell he was genuinely sorry about messing up lee's order and the dishes not coming out right! 

For my breakfast I would give this place a 4 star, however, for the hubby's and especially since it was his bday I can only let them get away with 3 stars.  Sorry Tableau...I wish you could have made a better impression with us! . Also, if we would have had a better breakfast experience with you it may have motivated us to make it up for more breakfast's in the future, but I think we'll keep passing for now!
