4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw Mon Amis always been one of my favorites every time I visit the strip. Located inside of Paris, the outdoor seating in the heart of the city is one of the best in terms of setting and ambiance. The one thing I do love about Mon Ami is the flexibility with the menu. Most places refuse to serve breakfast items after a particular time but this restaurant always accommodates my requests and the service is typically on point. The waiters are not overly enthusiastic, but they are friendly and quick which, I believe, are better qualities to portray in food hospitality. On this particular visit I ordered: 

Warm triple cream cheese: with mushrooms, black garlic and sherry reduction. Be warned this item is garlicky, but it is delicious. If you love mushrooms and garlic this is a must try. The toasted bread with the gooey cream cheese and garlicky sautéed mushrooms are  an amazing flavor combo. 

Shrimp cocktail: jumbo shrimp served with cocktail sauce and lemon. The shrimp is very fresh and the simplicity of the dish speaks for itself. 

Maine lobster roll: served on a toasted brioche roll with house chips on the side. The lobster is fresh and mixed with a creamy mayonnaise. This is one of the heavier items on the menu; if you do not like mayo, you may want to skip out on this one. The chips are also a bit bland, but can be subbed out for house fries, which are delicious. 

Custom crepe: I wanted to order a sweet crepe and the waiter suggested a fresh banana and strawberry crepe with whipped cream. I opted for this dish and added a side of Nutella (chocolate hazelnut spread) to my crepe. The crepe was served on its own with the toppings served on the side. The fruit was fresh and the cream was whipped in house. The portion is also very large and can easily be shared between two people. 

All in all, I recommend Mon Ami if you enjoy French cuisine and a great view. Although I cannot vouch for every food item on the menu, but there are several items that I always eat when I am here. There is typically a wait to sit outside, even on the weekdays, but well worth it!
