Yp9w4nhUowBU_IS_StFXbQ My gf has been wanting to try Tableau since her last visit to Vegas and this time around she said she'll treat my parents and me to brunch there.  My entire experience was very good except for a couple of minor blimps.

When I called in to make the reservation the lady's tone of voice, personality, friendliness is what epitomizes Wynn.  I have never stayed at their hotel but that experience there tells me why they won the five diamond award.  The reservationist was polite, friendly, and just made sure to cover points that I would never have even thought of and best of all she got me excited about dining there.

Upon arriving (we arrived right on time) our table wasn't ready and we waited for 20 minutes.  Even though they apologized a few times when we were seated I would have appreciated if they told us at the ten minute mark why the table wasn't ready or at least update us.  The only things we were told were"just a moment" and "we are working on it."  

For brunch we ordered the scrambled eggs with duck and puff pastry, eggs with elk, a traditional breakfast with eggs, toasts, bacon, a pastry/muffin basket, and a tofu napoleon.  I can't comment on the tofu but my mom liked it a lot.  The traditional breakfast's muffin basket was delicious.  It came with strawberry jam, what seems to be orange zest, and something similar to devonshire cream.  The elk and the eggs were disappointing.  The elk was just a piece of meat patty that wasn't very good.  The scrambled eggs on both dishes (elk and duck) were a bit runny for my taste.  The duck and egg was decent but as I said it would have been better if the scrambled eggs weren't as runny.

Service is excellent.  They have notes ready for the waiters so they address you as Mr. or Ms. or Mrs. so and so.

The ambiance in the restaurant is terrific.  On a sunny day it's like sitting inside a open window conservatory with the garden and pool right outside.  While the views can be nice, it can also be negated by out of shape men wearing their swim trunks walking around and talking on the phone.

This is a place you should try and I'll most definitely come back again.
