Yp9w4nhUowBU_IS_StFXbQ Tableau had me at KOBE BURGER...

I'm not much of a breakfast/brunch person b/c I can't handle anything heavy in the morning. However, my friend was enticed by their signature "Milk and Cookies Soufflé" and wanted to dine there. 

After looking through the online menu myself, I was sold on the Kobe burger. What carnivore can ever turn down a good burger? Certainly NOT me...so we decided to come to Tableau for a late brunch during our Vegas trip.

Tableau is inconspicuously located in the Tower Suites of The Wynn where you have to walk through the casino and pass the High Roller area before you see a sign for it. If you're not familiar w/ the layout of the casino, it can be confusing, so make sure to ask one of the employees lingering in the area for directions. 

My friend and I promptly arrived for our 1 PM reservations on Saturday, 7.31.10 and were seated at a table overlooking the pool area. 

FOOD/DRINKS:
*Fresh Watermelon Juice ($6): Refreshingly light and sweet.  

*Kobe Burger w/ Old Bay Fries ($16): OMG--SO GOOD! The thick Kobe patty was perfectly grilled to a medium w/ a soft pink center topped w/ an ooey goeey melted aged cheddar, nestled against fresh ripen beef steak tomato slices, butter lettuce, pickles, crisp red onions and then sandwiched between a toasted homemade sesame bun. 

As I bit into the burger, I got a slight crisp from the toasted bun and veggies before my teeth sunk into the tender patty, which was so moist, that juices started to dribble down the bread and onto my plate. Since the bread was toasted on both sides, it held everything together in place just fine. The burger had the perfect combo of crispiness from the bread and lettuce, tender savoryness from the kobe, saltiness from the cheddar, and a slight tang from the pickles.

The fries were perfectly crisp and the old bay seasoning added a kick from red and black peppers, cloves, and all spice. The homemade ketchup was the perfect accompaniment; you can really taste the fresh tangy sweetness from the vine ripen tomatoes which added a zing to the burger and fries. 

*Milk & Cookies Soufflé ($10): It was ok and was nothing to write home about. I prefer my soufflé light and fluffy, and Tableu's soufflé was on little on the heavy and dry side. The vanilla ice cream was rich and smooth, and the chocolate sauce was thick and decadent. It was a great contrast of temperatures and textures, but again, I wasn't keen on the soufflé's dryness. 

SERVICE:
Our server was pretentious and not friendly. He never cracked a smile the entire a time and was pretty much gone after he took our order. He was only there to give us our dessert and our bill (after having to ask a busboy). I had to ask for my water to be refilled, which is pretty much a no-no at a more upscale dining establishment.

AMBIANCE/DÉCOR:
Classy; crisp white linen tables, a gold chandelier, and tan curtains draped against large windows overseeing the pool area. Tables are well spaced out to allow for a more intimate dining w/ your party and for ease of conversation. 

If you're looking for a nice, serene place for breakfast/brunch after a night of heavy drinking and debauchery, Tableau is the perfect place...
