Yp9w4nhUowBU_IS_StFXbQ First of all, 3-stars.  Might go back, might not.

1) FOOD
In general, all the food was rather, 'meh'.  My best buddy was the bread roll which was fresh baked and highly necessary to absorb the salt I ingested later.  (See further below)
...The Dungeness Crab Club was reasonable but nothing to write home about.  The sweet tomatoes that they put in there does add some color into an otherwise mild sandwich but other than that, just okay.
...The French Fries are indeed soggy as another reviewer mentioned, but I think they're supposed to be that way?  Maybe?  I dunno.  One way or the other, I didn't think they were all that.  The homemade ketchup however was sweet and delicious and made the fries worth eating.
...The Lobster Bisque really bugged.  This thing was far too hot and extremely salty; it tasted like a sweaty armpit.  Anyone who might have bothered to have tasted it before it left the kitchen would have known how wretched it was.  When the waiter failed to notice my repugnance with the soup, I called him on it and told him to just take it away.  To their credit, the chef admitted that the base had been reduced too far, apologized and brought another bowl which was STILL salty but at least edible this time and at a temperature lower than that of lava.  But guys: You never tasted the soup even once before coming out of the kitchen?  EPIC FAIL.
- Lobster Bisque: 1/5 (2/5*)
- Dungeness Crab Club: 3/5
- Fries: 3/5
- Bread Roll:  4/5


2) SERVICE
I originally told the maitre'd I was very hot from walking the strip and wanted something away from the windows.  So she promptly disregarded my request and put me next to the windows while saying she'd drop the shades.  So she did and it made no frickin' difference. 
...With the great bisque debacle, the service in my mind kinda hit a skid.  The chef failed to identify any issues with soup, nor did the waiter care about the fact that I wasn't eating it.
...To their credit, the busboys were huffin' it.  Grabbed plates quickly, filled my glass promptly.
...But when it came to picking up my credit card, no one was to be found.  I couldn't even find someone to ask, so I flipped out my money roll and paid cash instead and walked out.



3) LOCATION
The location is great, like most restaurants at Wynn.  It's a private area behind High Limit Slots past the Tower Suites registration.  Clearly it's aimed at the Tower Suites clientele.


CONCLUSION
I might go back with the wife. I suspect that I just had a one-time bad experience but what bugs me is that nothing really stood out in my meal at all to compel me to care about coming back to this restaurant.  I hope I'm wrong.

I think based on the people that were there when I went, this is more of a "ladies who lunch" sort of joint in the morning & mid-day.  Lots of wifes from the 'upper crust' Tower Suites co-mingling and lunching together.
