ysJo5Jdo29XOBCnKrbUKWg I wanted to love this restaurant.  After all, I am a lover of all things French.  It just didn't meet my expectations.  I do give credit to the owners for trying to make it right (and it did help some), but still not the experience I was hoping for.

The first thing that was off putting is that the tables are extremely close to each other.  It wasn't bad when there was no one seated next to us, but when they did seat the next table, it made it difficult for them to get into the table and us to leave at the end of our meal.  It also was a little awkward because it was almost as if we were sitting together as one party and were a part of each others conversations even though neither of us had any desire to.

The second thing that was off putting is that there are signs everywhere for a three for $30 menu.  On the door, on every table.  When we inquired with our server about what the options were for that menu, she said they "decided not to do it that day"  We asked her why and she said she would find out.  Apparently the executive chef was "away on business" and they "didn't have the capacity" to serve that menu.  I suppose that should have been a clue as to the experience we were going to have, but with a number of other appealing options, we ordered.

They were out of one of the appetizers I wanted to try, so I started with the escargot.  It was tasty and just as I expected.  Although so hot that when I took my first bite (several minutes after it was delivered to the table), I nearly burnt my mouth.  My fiance and I both had the pumpkin bisque, that day's special.  The bisque was tasty and we both really enjoyed it.  

Both of our appetizer dishes came out fairly quickly, so we were expecting the same for our entrees.  The restaurant did get more crowded as we were waiting, so some wait time would be expected.  But 15 minutes went by.  20 minutes.  25 minutes.  And not even a visit from our server.  As I was getting ready to flag any restaurant personnel down, our server finally returned to let me know there was a "mishap" in the kitchen and that they "had to do some scrambling because they were out of arugula" and that our entrees would be up soon.  It  was another 5 or so minutes before my fiance's ravioli were delivered.  She indicated that since they don't have a warmer, they brought his out so it didn't get cold.  

My Paris 66 Galettes came out about 5 minutes later.  I hadn't had galettes since a visit to Brittany in college, so I was extremely excited to try them.  It didn't disappoint.  Very tasty and met with expectations.  the mushrooms were perfectly flavored.  I just wish there had been more of them!

The owners of the restaurant came over while we were eating our entrees to apologize for the delay and offered us free dessert to make up for it.  It was a nice gesture and we enjoyed our desserts but it didn't quite make up for the extreme delay.

When we ordered desserts, we learned that they were out of bananas for the nutella crepe, so my fiance had it with strawberries instead.  (which turned out to be amazingly tasty).  

Now - the desserts were amazing.  In fact, it may be worth a return visit just for drinks and dessert.  I especially enjoy that they have a huge selection of macrons.

Will I return?  Probably not, unless it is just for the desserts.
