ysJo5Jdo29XOBCnKrbUKWg It was Pittsburgh Restaurant week and I was beyond excited to try a few new places.  We booked reservations to two places, one being Paris 66 Bistro  and this was the H's pick.  I checked out their prefixed menu online and thought yea this could be really good.  
 
Parking was tricky, but they have a valet at a very reasonable price of $3.00.  The restaurant is quaint but nicely decorated.  They have white table cloths but cover them with paper I guess to save the effort of changing the linens every few hours.  When I say every few hours I mean that was about the time it took us from start to finish to complete our experience.  Not a positive.

After being seated we glanced the prefixed menu, which we had already decided upon and waited.  Then we waited, and waited, and waited some more.  Our waiter finally appeared, not sure what took him so long, but he seemed stressed.  We ordered drinks wine for me French Martini for the H, and immediately put in our order.  I requested the escargot and asked about the Boeuf Bourguignon which was one of the options for the entrée the other was salmon.  Our waiter immediately began pushing this lamb special they were having.  He stated he would not order that and he didn't like it.  Compared it to a well done stew.  Um ok.. I said what about the salmon?  He said that was better than the beef but still not one of his favorites and wouldn't suggest it, but he said the sauce was really good.  What the heck?  He was pushing the regular menu and or the special, even stated the food on the menu was much better than the not so cheap $45.00 prefixed meals.  . We didn't allow this to alter our intentions of ordering off the restaurant week menu but I did decide to go with the salmon over the beef.  We both got the goat cheese salad for the appetizer, H went for the beef regardless of the waiters disdain for it, and I got crème brulee and he chocolate mousse.

To the most annoying part. The wait!  We waited for everything!  Our initial drinks took 15 minutes and when done  we waited forever with empty glasses.  The best part is I pushed the glasses to the edge of the table as to be noticed easily as our waiter passed several times, yet he did not stop to address it.  No actually he sped up as to avoid us calling him out as he dashed past our table.  I would have considered them moderately busy, not hustling past tables that are in need of drinks busy!  So we probably waited about 15 minutes before he finally stopped to get us a refill.  The refill process wasn't quick either, and we noticed that the servers made their own drinks.  Hmmm in a management perspective I think this is a bad idea.  But hey if it works for them, which it don't, then oh well.  He brings the drinks and in the process of setting them down he catches the H's on the tacky white paper covering the table cloth and spills a good sip or two of his martini.  The waiter blames the spill on said paper and says the next one's on me.  

At least 30 more minutes, and still nothing. We came hungry this wait was excessive.  About 45 minutes in we got some bread and he dropped off a complimentary bowl of zucchini foam, quite tasty.  An hour in and finally my escargot show up.  H wouldn't even consider trying these puppies and good thing cause they were tiny.  They were quite good, but drowned in butter, garlic, and parsley that that was the primary flavor so I can only describe the escargot texture like a portabella.  Again very good, just wonder what they would have tasted like without all the disguisers.    

Hour and 15 in, salads show.  I have never waited so long for a side salad, yet it was quite delectable.  The goat cheese mixed with the fresh veggies and delicate dressing made a very well balanced salad.  The problem, it was a small portion so we ate it in less than 5 minutes leaving us hungry and waiting for entrées.  So another 35 minutes pass and they show up.  The H really liked his beef so I am glad the waiter didn't deter his opinion, however it held the same challenge as the previous courses.  Small, tiny, teeny, itsy bitsy.  My meal held a little more bang for your buck.  The salmon was done nicely, though this sauce that was spoken of was hardly apparent.  The rice and asparagus that accompanied the dish were perfectly cooked.  In the course of eating again we were out of drinks and the empty glasses again sat at the edge of the table, where I would learn they would spend the rest of the night since he hustled past plenty of times without stopping.  Our final course desert arrived, Tasty we both enjoyed.

So in the end would I go again.  Unfortunately probably not.  The food was quite flavorful, but the portions do not represent the price tag, and being dodged for drinks in the almost 3 hours we were there was frustrating.  I would think that would be a no brainer, hello we want wine and cocktails, we drink more your tip goes up, sadly no.
