ysJo5Jdo29XOBCnKrbUKWg Saturday evening, my Wife and I had the pleasure of eating at Paris 66. It had been a long week and we deserved something special. I knew we had made the right choice when I called to make sure I could get reservations and Stephanie was pleasant and efficient and said she could fit us in.
Upon arriving, everyone greeted us with smiles and Bon Jours. We were led to a lovely table for 2.
My wife started with the Crevettes flambés a l'anis. The shrimp was dome perfectly and the touch of star anise complimented it well, without being overwhelming. 
I had the foie gras. It was tender and flavorful, but the fig bread and onion jam that accompanied it almost stole the show.
Next the waiter brought a palate cleanser, which was zucchini foam that left us licking our lips and trying to figure out all of the flavors so that we might have some hope of duplicating this shot of deliciousness at home.
For entrées, the wife opted for the Steak-Frites, which was cooked exactly medium rare. The béarnaise was silky and brought out the natural flavors of the steak.
I had been recommended the Boeuf Bourguignon, and while I was reluctant to have something as simple as pot roast when there were so many adventurous options to choose from, it was the owner himself who recommended it. I figured who would know better than him.
I am glad I listened. It is amazing how a masterful chef can take and elevate something simple into something so memorable. You could see the attention to detail in everything; even the potatoes were sculpted identically so they would cook equally. 
To accompany our entrées, we split and order of Cauliflower Gratin which was delicate addition to our meal. A sort of "whisper of flavors" that you would pause to eat slowly to make sure you didn't miss anything.
As we sat there discussing everything we had just eaten, we both realized how comfortable we felt. We hadn't even noticed how warm and welcoming the space was. We felt like we had been transported somewhere else and had been welcomed with open arms. Watching the families dine around us, it felt like we were regulars who had been visiting for years.
We just wished we had left room for dessert. Oh well, I am sure there will be a next time.
