ysJo5Jdo29XOBCnKrbUKWg Paris 66, je t'aime!  To say that I love Paris 66 would be an understatement. I love and adore Paris 66.  It is by far my most favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh. They've gone out of their way to make it charming and not seem cheesy. I don't know if you've noticed, but it's really easy to go wrong with Paris decor. Instead of puking Paris all over the walls, they have subtle Parisians tones. It's exactly what you'd expect a small café to be like in Paris.

Earlier this year my husband and I walked in after seeing their sign on the sidewalk. A french restaurant in Pittsburgh? I just had to see if they had macarons. I LOVE macarons, and I have been on the search for the perfect macaron on this side of the pond. And I don't mean those silly coconut cookies or whoopie pie like creations people try to call macarons. No, I want THE french macaron! 

Well, Paris 66 has them. Their macarons are exactly what a maracon is supposed to be: mana from Heaven. They have the perfect egg shell crust that is crunchy on the outside, yet soft on the inside, their feet are perfectly formed, and the flavors are strong. They are delightful.  After our initial intro to their macarons, we had to go back. 

We've been there for lunch (you can't go wrong with the croque-monsieur) and most recently we went there for my birthday in August. This time we went with my sister, brother-in-law, and my young nephew (he's just under and year and half).  We had a wonderful time. Our waiter, Renaud, was from France, which made the experience all the better (if you speak French a lot of the staff speaks it natively and will kindly speak to you in French or English).  He was very attentive to our table, and even paid attention to our little nephew. 

The meal was delicious. My sister and I both ordered the boeuf bourguignon;  the beef was so tender that it simply melted in your mouth. The carrots were done perfectly, they weren't mushy, but just right.  I can't remember what the others ordered, but I do know that they loved what they had. 

After our dinner Renaud brought out the birthday cake we had brought with us (unfortunately, they don't have cakes available, however we were allowed to bring in our own).  He had lit candles on it and sang happy birthday. He even included some blown up balloons to add the festivities of the table.  It was the perfect dinner. 
I don't think it's possible to order a bad thing on their menu, and the service is always spectacular. 

Do yourself a favor, go for a meal (or heck, even just a macaron) at Paris 66, you won't regret it.  Dinner can be a bit pricey (again, we've only eaten there for dinner once), but the lunch menu is more affordable.
