ysJo5Jdo29XOBCnKrbUKWg I ate here two Thursdays ago with a dining companion.  The entrance to the restaurant feels a bit cramped when you first get inside but it is also unique as you are able to see their bakery.  Once we made it to the hostess we were greeted almost immediately and given the selection between sitting inside and sitting outside in the heated patio.  We chose the patio and were able to see almost all of the restaurant on the walk out.  There were a lot of trinkets and items that would make you think of France and the tables were covered in white table clothes.

We decided to get the Feuillete D' Asperges which was described as blanched green asparagus in puff pastry with a Hollandaise sauce.  Whenever it came it was immediately apparent that it was not as it was described as the asparagus was draped over the puff pastry.  My dining companion also mentioned this so I know that it was not my thoughts alone. Regardless of that it still tasted very good and we enjoyed it.  For dinner I decided to have the Steak-Frites.  The presentation of the dish was nice with the fries in a cute little basket.  However I was disappointed with how mushy the fries were.  Whenever I think of frites I think of crunchy fries and these fries not at all.  They did have a good taste to them.  The best part of the entree though was the steak which was juicy and cooked and cooked to a perfect medium.  Whenever it came time for dessert we were presented with both a dessert menu and a list of 2 dozen or so macaroons that they make on the premise.  My dining companion and I decided to split the dessert of the day which ended up being a layered cake with fresh berries.   This was easily the best part of the whole dinner as the cake was moist, the frosting separating the layers cool and the tart of the lemon matched well with the sweetness of the berries.  We also decided to indulge ourselves and each got a macaroon, myself the lavender and my dining companion a basil and lemon or lime.  I enjoyed trying both of them and would like to try some more of their flavors in the future as it is not something that you normally see in Pittsburgh.

The bottom line for me is that I would come back here in the future.  The dessert was easily the best part of the meal although the entree and appetizer was solid too.
