YuiM5VKscO8rS1EX7f19_g Our experience bounced between one and five stars so many times that I'm not sure how to rate.

I didn't know much about Hubert Keller before we went to Fleur for lunch yesterday, other than I'd eaten at Burger Bar (very interesting, not always my thing, but the finesse and creativity elevated the experience) and had seen him on TV once (seems friendly and passionate).

Since lunch, I've been all over Keller's website and Facebook page. In fact, the chef has already very kindly responded to a question I asked. So, I feel awkward being critical but... Yelpers gotta Yelp.

Let's get the downside out of the way.


THE BAD

SOFT DRINKS. Not shown on the menu, but the server told us the choices. No lemonade, but juice, tea, and soda. What we didn't expect was for it to come in a can. There's just something a little tacky about a can of soda sitting on your table in what Mandalay Bay is advertising as "signature dining."

Odd, but easy to laugh off... until we saw the bill. That can of Pepsi was five dollars. Five dollars and warm, even.


SERVICE. Our waiter greeted us by asking if we were ready to order. No drink order first, just a rushed vibe. This wasn't a big deal, but it foreshadowed where things were going.

We asked for water. Our stubby glasses were brought out half-full. Or half-empty. Maybe it was supposed to be a philosophical amuse bouche, but it still came down to 2-3 inches of water. (Then later, before we had the first sip, "refilled.")

Service was slow. After another waiter brought a to-go box, I still had time to change my mind about dessert a half-dozen times.

The real problem was our waiter's attitude. Not unfriendly, but really not interested. Such a contrast to the man who brought out dessert, who proudly described the three elements of the dish. (He also seemed to be a managerial type?) That was more like it. 

But when our regular waiter returned to (finally, if totally perfunctory) ask how it was, I barely had "extraordinary" out of my mouth before he threw out a terse "Yep" and "Is there anything else?" And that was him at his most involved.


SOME PRICES. Cans of soft drink for $5 each aside, the burger is the same price as those at the Burger Bar ($18), but it's a very pedestrian offering compared to those creations. (Taste will be detailed in my husband's review.)


VEGETARIAN VARIETY. The menu on the MB website is out of date. The capellini has since replaced with a Bolognese dish, leaving only one option: the grilled vegetable sandwich. Bummer. Keller is so veg-friendly with the dinner menu (and the Burger Bar menu), that one vegetarian main option at lunch was as surprising as it was disappointing.



THE AVERAGE

ATMOSPHERE. Natural light from the skylight enhances the patio dining. Sit by the rail if you want to people-watch, but stay near the back if big-screen sports from the bar TVs will mar your dining. The more elegant area behind the bar/TVs was closed during our visit.


SOME FOOD. The tomato flambe (made with gruyere, not with fontina like on the website, but I love either) was light but oily/messy, and a little bland after the first piece. My veg sandwich fell apart quickly, and I couldn't really taste the tarragon aioli, but the bread and vegetables were pleasant enough. Not amazing.


DRESS CODE. Some sites say dressy. Some say casual. Some say "chic casual." Our fellow diners included people wearing baseball caps and a baby in a high chair. Mike wore jeans and a polo; I wore a simple blouse with black pants and black sneakers. Neither of us felt out of place. This may only fly at lunch or perhaps on the patio, but I'm a big fan of a dress code that allows for the "clean, nothing ripped, no pit hair showing" look. (So, don't be intimidated by the Kim Kardashian stylings of the hostess.)



THE OMG-WOOHOO! TERRITORY

MANCHEGO SALAD. One star for naming, as the only manchego in the salad is a sparse dusting on the very top leaves. The salad was big enough to share, we but each only got one bite with a hint of the cheese. Other than that, it was a truly beautiful salad - the mix of semi-bitter lettuces, almonds, plump-but-twee golden raisins, and strips of pepper worked. I'd come back just for this and...


CILANTRO GRANITE. Part of the pineapple carpaccio dish, and while that was delicate and delicious, and - unlike some photos here - served beautifully in the shape of a flower with tiny pink flowers set inside, the granite opened my mouth and mind to a whole new set of flavors. 

My photo: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/YuiM5VKscO8rS1EX7f19_g?select=78mWlGCGbQw6wJ_aeVGz_w

This dish is everything I was hoping to encounter at Fleur: imagination, skill, and something special and perhaps unexpected in the taste.


Outstanding dessert and salad, nice appetizer, ho-hum mains, and unwelcoming service with a few uncalled-for prices. I doubt I'll be back, but I'll be first in line to buy the new cookbook with the granite recip
