YuiM5VKscO8rS1EX7f19_g The coconut soup dessert is weighing in here with a full star bump. I always like to smile when I am eating, and this is the one and only dish that made me smile at Fleur. The soup wasn't too sweet, but when you create a complete bite with the sorbet and a bit of the dehydrated fruit (think classy cereal), it is a perfectly balanced bite. I ate both little helpings myself as I spied those around me with suspicion. Silly guests, coconut soup is for Misti!

Most everything else I found underwhelming, and the hummus and baba ganoush were sad. If I had one recommendation it would be to not order this. The baba was blended to a puree, and the overwhelming flavor was of chili powder? I am not sure, but I did not get any of the smoky, beautiful flavor of eggplant. I was tempted to send it back. The little bread triangles were nothing special, and the hummus was just passable, not delicious. The gnocchi were solid, but then the artichokes were a little over cooked perhaps. A little of the freshness of the choke was missing.

The presentations were okay, but at times cheesy. When the oysters first arrived with their dry ice smoke swirling, my first reaction was, cool! Then, after looking at the glass rocks and big blades of seaweed, I thought it was a little odd. Stick to a solid colored stone (perhaps a smooth white) and lose the seaweed and maybe then it will feel a little less Miami Vice. 

Our waitress was a bit brusque and rushed. If we had to think a sliver of a second about what we wanted or if we had a question, she seemed bothered. Perhaps she had too large of a section to cover, but either way, it made me nervous!

If it is a busy night, you may want to avoid the patio seating, as it gets loud and you can hear the nearby lounge singers belting "Barbie World"? The interior does offer nice cozy seating for groups, and you can order the feast, which is pretty much everything on the menu, for 435. We saw a party of 6 guys attempt it, and they told the waitress to halt the food because they were stuffed! The also offer absinthe service, 9 options, with the cheapest at $25. 

Overall, there is little value here, with the average price of tapas being $12. For $5000, you can have the wagyu Fleurburger with foie gras, truffle and a 1995 bottle Chateau Petrus. We spent around $150 and were sad to see the money go. I wouldn't plan a full meal here, but maybe if you snack on the one or two best things on the menu, you can have a fun light bite!
