YuiM5VKscO8rS1EX7f19_g We ordered The Feast - Eat the Menu which means we had the chance to taste each menu item. That's right, everything. It was overwhelming and awesome. Plus it made it easy...no need to order. 

Link to their menu: 
http://www.mandalaybay.com/images/Dining/fleur_by_hk_menu.pdf

So you know, there were 4 of us, so this was quite the undertaking. For reference, our waiter told us the table behind us had ordered The Feast as well...there were 7 of them.

Highlights:
parmesan paprika popcorn - salty, buttery and light, yummy, the only thing we kept on our table the entire time 
P.E.I. mussels - hadn't had them before, these were seasoned very well in a pesto-y sauce
maple glazed pork ribs - tasted good but were worth getting for the spectacular presentation...delivered in a glass dome full of smoke since they are smoked to order
cheese platter - nice selection of cow and sheep cheese, honeycomb went well with the softer cheeses
croque monsieur - was looking forward to this and was not disappointed, authentically French
filo wrapped shrimp - large shrimp wrapped in phyllo with a sweet salsa
pork schnitzel - well prepared with nice accompaniments, German potato salad, lingonberry jam, cucumber salad
burrata - this young mozzarella was soft and delicious, bread was lightly toasted 
onion soup - this is one dish from Fleur de Lys that made it onto Keller's new menu, smooth, creamy and very savory with a hint of truffle - my favorite thing on the menu...sadly, you only get 4 shots of it per order :(
scallion, lemon, basil risotto - perfect texture and a slightly lemony flavor, served very hot, as it should be
chocolate souffle and tabasco ice cream  - souffle was baked to perfect and our waiter added hot ganache tableside, the tabasco ice cream was interesting and tasted good with the souffle (much sweeter and creamier than I anticipated)
coconut soup - the coconut milk based broth was sweet and slightly thickened, tapioca pearls added substance and the sorbet was very flavorful
tiramisu - their version is classic and delicious, one of the desserts we actually finished, as we were obviously very full by the end (we were very full when we were 1/2 way through)

Less Yummy Items - since everything was pretty damn good:
Kushi oysters - those who tried them did not like but the presentation was great, they came on a block of ice with liquid nitrogen, the margarita sorbet that came with them was pleasant and could have gone well with other items
"in the shower" lobster mac and cheese - macaroni was very similar to boxed Kraft or something like that, lobster chunks were there but everything else was off
pan con tomate - I don't like raw tomatoes and these were not done enough, others enjoyed the dish

The 30 or so dishes I have neglected to mention were all enjoyable. I also had a few nice glasses of pinot noir...they have a very extensive wine list and they still have the wine room from Fleur de Lys. To top off the meal we decided to inhale and drink absinthe. They have quite a selection and our server was knowledgable. He lit the 75 proof absinthe and inverted the cup into another full of some fruit nectars. We then used straws to inhale the alcohol vapor that accumulated in the original cup. It was interesting. I didn't actually drink the absinthe, which was called Mansinthe (Marilyn Manson's brand - really,) because it tasted like rubbing alcohol. I don't know how anyone drinks it. One sip really warmed me up, though.
