YuiM5VKscO8rS1EX7f19_g For a place that was not busy, you'd think they would give care to those there. The hostess seemed reluctant to seat us towards the back away from casino smoke and our waiter was not dedicated to his tables. When we went there, there were 2-3 servers and maybe 6-7 tables.

My husband and I came here for lunch and shared the Cuban sandwich with fries and it was perfect for a light lunch. Although the food was great, the service during lunch was lacking. Our waiter seemed energized by serving us, but after he dropped off his tablet with the up sell of specialty drinks, the service fell to the waist side. We knew within a couple of minutes what we wanted to order, but waited almost 10 minutes or more for him to come back to us. We were seated right behind the bar and watched as he aimlessly wandered around the bar and back room before he came back to us. Once we ordered my specialty drink and food, it took nearly 15 minutes before my drink was delivered and 30 minutes before the food was brought to us. Let me add that it took him around 10 minutes from the time he took our order before we watched him punching orders in on the computer, which was right in front of us and next to the bar, so we could only guess it was our order. By the time the food and my drink we delivered, our waiter never came to check on us, but the bus boy was great at making sure our water was filled. Once we finished eating, we literally waited nearly 10 minutes before our waiter asked if everything was okay, knowing we were clearly done eating as there was nothing left. We asked for the bill which he delivered a couple minutes later. When he gave it to us, we immediately gave him cash (needing change) thinking we could get out quicker. We watched him drop the tab off at the bar, then walk off and assist other customers. No bigs, right? Well, we then watched him chat with other employees, walk up stairs and aimlessly wander around. By the time you give a waiter or waitress the payment, that should be a sign you are ready to leave, but this waiter couldn't care. We legit waited around 15 minutes before he even gave us our change back. Although the food was awesome, they clearly need to focus on the staff as well.
