YuiM5VKscO8rS1EX7f19_g This review is from a previous visit to Las Vegas, so it's a little outdated, but I stand by it... This place ROCKS!  It is seriously a party in your mouth.

We had planned to eat at Fleur de Lys, not realizing it had closed and that Hubert Keller had created a new restaurant in it's place. When we tried to make a reservation, we realized the situation and decided to eat there anyway. We ate at Fleur on 03/02/11 with a group of nine and ordered THE MENU, which at that time was $415. It was AWESOME. We were served 37 small plates (including the seven desserts) - they told us that it feeds 6-8, but we all nine left full. It does NOT include the large plates or Indulge menu items, however the 37 dishes were all amazing and I was okay in missing out on those pricier dishes. 

Of course we had some drinks as well. The plates are small, so not everyone got to taste every item, but it worked out great, there were some things that someone might not want, so the people who did slurped it up. Eight people would probably be a little better for divvying up the portions, but wow! 

It came to $57 per person, which we thought was very reasonable for this AMAZING meal.  I think if we had each just ordered our own dishes it would have been a completely different experience.  It also created a great atmosphere, we were all excited to see what was going to come out next as servers just sort of kept bringing more dishes! I highly recommend this experience if you have a party of this size.

Our service was very good. The waitress assigned to us was very attentive and kept the food coming. There was one time of about 8-10 minutes when the food stopped and we were uncertain if we were done or not, but then came more. We had a separate "room" that was curtained off from the restaurant, which was nice and probably a good thing as we were a little rowdy that night.

The highlights for me were the mac & cheese, mushrooms, mashed potatos, cheese platter, steak tartare (which I hadn't had before), tuna tacos, and these AMAZING toasted garbanzo beans. The onion soup shooters were to die for and I was loving the sangria, although the drinks were pricey. I even tried a raw quail egg! It was fun and delicious and if you can swing it, you must order THE MENU. I'm sure I had a better time and liked the meal more than if Fleur de Lys had still been there.
