YuiM5VKscO8rS1EX7f19_g 180 of 525,600.  The amount of a year it took my opinion of a once great restaurant to crumble.  What's worse, I'm the current "duke".

Downgrade reason?  The restaurant does not care about their guest.

1.  Serving warm Champagne.  OK, so it was only a $120 bottle.  Not a $500 Krug but I believe they could spring for $0.20 of ice.  The server knew it was warm and poured anyway.

2.  75 minute wait between courses.  Perhaps the pumpkin for the soup needed to grow, or someone had to catch a run away octopus, IDK.   The "real" reason, they were having problems with the ovens.  How about showing some respect and letting the customer know?

3.  Allowing a visibly flawed dish to be served then laughing about it.  A cook must have assembled the dish.  Someone must have approved it at the pass.  A server clearly sees the dish and still presents it.  Cold, rubbery, octopus.  A film on the sauce from air conditioning.  When asked "how is everything?"  I said the dish was bad and obviously sat at the pass for half an hour.  The server's reply "haha, yeah it did".  Well F you too!

To be fair, the restaurant manager did apologize and remove items from the check, but this isn't a case of a little green worm happily munching your organic salad with you, rather obvious mistakes bordering on purposeful. 

Objective food review (best to worst)

Grand Marnier Souffle - Simply outstanding.  Perfect in every respect.  Perfect texture, perfect moisture.  The cream, perfectly infused.  The side of ginger / citrus ice cream a perfect foil adding a hint of bitterness.  Well controlled sweetness.

Tarte Flambe - Tasty as usual but sloppy in assembly.  Onion, bacon, asparagus, and truffle atop a layer of creme fraiche on a cracker.  Great but the end two pieces had NO topping what so ever.

Grilled Octopus - Cold, rubbery, dry octopus atop a dry heart of palm, sweet teardrop tomatoes, dry sea beans, desiccated citrus caviar, a lemon vinaigrette and chipotle aioli.  Too bad since this dish would have been PERFECT in it's balance and flavor if it were served when it was made.

Roasted Kabocha Soup with seared foie and honey toast - Awful.  Sweetness way off balance.  The foie had a rubbery texture.  Extremely livery bordering on the flavor of spoiled beef liver.  Foie?  More like old chicken liver.

Service is a joke where even guest sitting at the bar had to endure a bartender more interested in the football game than them.

Decent wine list with very high Vegas resort markup.

Oh well... "Look my eyes are dry.  The gift was ours to borrow..."
