YuiM5VKscO8rS1EX7f19_g wifey and i don't get spoiled too often...it was her birthday...we were in vegas...so what the heck...why not go all out?  chef hubert keller won our hearts from the moment we walked into the restaurant.  the place is absolute beautiful...small, quiet, romantic...and i really liked the wine cases on the 2nd floor...super elegant.

the service was the best i have ever had.  after every course, we got different utensils...the servers were on top of bussing our plates and filling our water glasses.  everything was personal...many items were put together at our table.  and the food was just MAGNIFICENT.

ok, first of all, if you want to eat here but are worried about the price, go get a $50 gift certificate from restaurant.com.  the certificate itself was only 2 bucks...well worth it for a fancy shmancy restaurant like this one.  and the servers don't mind at all...in fact, they're more than happy to take it.  it significantly lowered our bill...but don't forget to tip on the original amount!

ok...the food...we both ordered off the prix fixe menu.  a guy came around with a big ole basket of 4 different types of bread.  the pretzel roll was amazing.  we couldn't help but to have a couple of them!  

first course: 
1. truffled onion soup (the server poured the soup into our bowl at the side of our table)
2. tuna tartare (delish)

second course:
3. chorizo wrapped suzuki sea bass (probably my least favorite dish of the night...but was still extremely tasty!  i still licked the plate afterwards)
4. braised veal and yukon gold potato ravioli (ABSOLUTELY THE BEST DISH OF THE NIGHT!!!)

third course:
5. stout braised beef short ribs (the short ribs were so tender...it just melted in my mouth!)
6. prime filet mignon (cooked perfectly...no juices leaking on the plate...the steak rested enough to ensure that the steak wasn't dry...i've never had a steak as perfect as this one!)
   
fourth course/dessert:
7.  upgraded to a chocolate souffle (the server pokes a hole in the middle and pours chocolate into the inside...served with mocha ice cream)
8. carrot cake with cream cheese ice cream filling with a scoop of mango carrot ice cream (YUM)

as a bonus, wifey got an extra dessert for her birthday.  it was some sort of pistachio cake served with fresh fruit...also delish.  and they were cute enough to bring it out with a lit candle...awww....

i can't believe i waited all this time to eat at chef hubert keller's restaurant...there is one in san francisco but never really thought about eating at fleur de lys...until now...if only i were rich...haha.

THE BEST RESTAURANT DINING EXPERIENCE EVER!!!
