YuiM5VKscO8rS1EX7f19_g Extremely disappointing.  My wife and I were so excited about experiencing Hubert Keller's food.  And small plates!  Love small plates.  We were that maybe this restaurant would be able to compete with Joel Rubuchon's L'Atelier...?

No.  Not even in the same league.

We ask to sit inside as we assumed it would be quieter than the patio area opposite the loud rock band that were murdering some old classics across the walkway.  Instead, we find that the room is dominated by a large crowd of obnoxiously loud guests, clearly much to the chagrin of all the other guests in the restaurant.  The hostess just laughs at the fact that we chose to come inside and it is louder there.

The wait staff were not much more impressive.  Our waitress was somewhat apathetic.  In between courses, the table did not get cleaned and the drops of sauce and various crumbs just continued to build up.  Our table was not bussed between courses, and it seemed that the staff expected us to eat our fish dishes using our fig jam covered silverware off dirty plates.  When we had complaints about the food (see below), there was no acknowledgement to the problem, let alone an apology.  We also ordered 7 dishes and only ever received 6 of them...

All of this could have been overlooked had the food been spectacular, but it was not.  I very much doubt that Hubert Keller would put out that kind of food had he himself been there; clearly there were problems with quality control.  

By dishes:
The fig flambee (which is a flatbread - who knew?  Just assumed flambee on a french menu meant that it had been flamed.  Would have been nice if that had been mentioned when we ordered it) was dominated by goat cheese; the fig was battling for attention and the pancetta was essentially non-existant.  
The tartar was bland (clearly had not seen a hint of seasoning), even with the addition of the accompanying sauces etc. and the meat appeared somewhat low quality in and of itself.
The seared shrimp was OK.  Nice heat, shrimp cooked well. 
The hamachi was, in my opinion, the best dish of the night: the foam was outstanding and the pickled shiitake were sumptuous.
The salt wings were fantastic, but I can get a whole bunch of those for the same price at our local Thai restaurant.
Then came the risotto: as soon as it arrived on the table I wanted to hold the plate upside down over my head as it was clearly way too stiff.  Tried it anyway, and it tasted like bland mush with leaves added.  Underseasoned, no creaminess at all, and just horribly overcooked.  Had to send the dish back.  Thankfully they took it off the tab.

All in all, I wouldn't bother going back unless I heard that the quality control problems had been addressed.  When you are paying $70 a head you deserve better, and there is much better out there on the strip.


P.S.  Just checked out the rating graph on Fleur - was getting great reviews until the beginning of September, at which time the ratings have plummeted.  Coincidence?  I think not.  What has changed, Hubert?  New head chef, new staff?  Something must have happened - fix it and maybe people will give it a second chance!
