YuiM5VKscO8rS1EX7f19_g Exceptional restaurant by Top Chef Hubert Keller. Took my bf here for his birthday a couple of weeks ago. The food and service was superb. 
 
What we ordered: 
Three out of the four of us ordered the three course elegance prix fixed menu which included 4 courses. My bf ordered ala carte. 
 
BREAD BASKET: Good selection of bread. My faves were the focaccia and the pretzel bread. 

SALAD:  Fresh and tasted great. 

TRUFFLE ONION SOUP-Braised Duck Crêpe, Red Wine Shallot Purée, Black Truffle. This was definitely very good...tasted very decadent and hearty. 

AHI TUNA TARTARE:  The ahi tuna tasted fresh and the ginger ponzu sauce added a little kick to the dish.

CHORIZO WRAPPED SUZUKI SEA BASS:  This was a superb dish. Sea bass was cooked very well, melted in your mouth.

BRAISED VEAL AND YUKON GOLD POTATO RAVIOLI: The last time I had veal, I didn't really like it. But this time it was actually pretty good. 

STOUT BRAISED BEEF SHORT RIBS: Soft and tender. Very good but I must say my bf and two other friends ordered the prime filet and that was definitely the better of the two dishes. 

PRIME FILET MIGNON TOPPED WITH SAUTÉED FOIE GRAS: This was definitely the best dish of the night. The meat just melted in your mouth and the foie gras was superb!!! The dish also had truffle in it which was an added bonus. 

Dessert Trio of Peanut Butter Milkshake + Chocolate Fondant Cake + Canal of Bailey's ice-cream with crushed peanut butter brittle: My friend wasn't too impressed with this dish..tried a little bit and thought it was ok,nothing spectacular. 

Chocolate souffle: This was actually really good. Decadent and was perfect with the ice cream.

Carrot cake with a pineapple sorbet: Carrot cake was moist and the sorbet was not too tart. 

Since it was my bf's bday they brought out a dessert dish that had happy birthday on it with a candle..yay happy birthday bf!!! They also gave us 4 small dishes of appetizers; complimentary of the chef  and was pretty good. Unfortunately I forgot what its called though. 

Dog Point Pinot Noir: This was a very good Pinot from New Zealand. Soft bodied and a little more fruity in taste. 

Overall the experience was great. Deducted a point just for the affordability factor. We got $50 deducted from our bill because we used a certificate I got from restaurant.com. Total for 4 people 650 including tip and the $50 deduction. Definitely not cheap and will take a chunk out of your wallet but I have to say it was well worth a try. Also, plan on staying for a least two hours for dinner. Our reservation was at 7pm and we didn't leave till 9PM, that's with us rushing our server a bit because we had a show to attend at 930. So word of advice, plan accordingly if you have something planned after dinner.
