YuiM5VKscO8rS1EX7f19_g Fleur was amazing dining.  My mom and I got the "Chef's Experience".  We are quasi-foodies.  We love food, love the presentation, and overall experience- but there are still some things that we just won't eat.  So, this Chef's Experience was perfect!! The Chef comes out to your table and discusses your likes, dislikes, allergies, background, travels and experiences.  The chef then creates a five-course meal around everything you just shared with him.  Each course was a surprise and of course it was decadent and delicious.   Course One- Ahi Tacos  and Shrimp Ceviche served over avocado, pico de gallo and a cucumber gazpacho.  Course Two - Onion and Truffle Soup Shooter and Crab Cake with fresh mandarin slaw.   Course Three- Lupe de Mer (Mediterranean Sea Bass with a crispy skin, served in a beurre blanc butter with artichoke hearts, tomatoes, cerrano chiles and olives)- This was the best fish dish I have EVER had in my life- it literally made my cheeks tingle. Course Four - Skirt Steak with a three dipping sauces, potato puree with truffle jus and sauteed wild mushrooms. Course Five  - Brownie Pops, brownie, chocolate mousse, coated in dark chocolate and rolled in cocoa nibs and Creme Brulee with fresh berries.   Chef Alex came out at Course Three to present and to check on experience and he came back at the end of the meal for our feedback.  We raved of course and he allowed us to take our picture with him.  He was so personable and so open to our feedback.  The whole experience was outstanding.  During the evening our server was incredibly friendly and talked with us about all of the things to do in Vegas.  The manager stopped by to check in with us and the other manager (Brad Weinstein) took a pic with his phone (my flash wasn't working) and messaged it to me immediately.  He then chatted with us for quite a while - he made us feel so familiar and welcomed.  This entire group is second to none!  Some restaurants have airs (sometimes airs they do not deserve) but the welcoming staff made this ethereal experience unforgettable.  I can not say enough how much anyone who loves food should try this!!! The cost of the dinner was roughly $100 per person.  If you want a wine pairing it would be about $60 per person.   Coffee and drinks are extra.
