YuiM5VKscO8rS1EX7f19_g Being fans of the Top Chef shows on Bravo, we were all (a party of 8) looking forward to dinner at Hubert Keller's Fleur.  Wow, what a huge disappointment.  The flavor of some of the dishes was "good", but not great; others were simply bland, ordinary and disappointing. Service was less than adequate; dirty dishes were never cleared away, even after 3 courses of small plates. In fact, when my final dish arrived, the waiter looked down at me as if to say "why aren't you moving that empty dirty plate out of the way so I can set this down and walk away"?

We ordered a few starters.  The marinated olives for $3 were the equivalent of what I can pick up at Safeway for a buck; nothing special at all, and I'm not sure sitting in a pool of plain olive oil really qualifies as "marinated".  For kicks, we also ordered the Parmesan Paprika Popcorn (also $3).  It was a tiny (yes, tiny) bowl of stale popcorn with powdered parm and paprika sprinkled on it. I'm not sure what why we expected anything else, but it was pretty much like low-quality AMC theater popcorn with Harkin's flavored sprinkles on top....at 10 times the price of movie theater popcorn.  The high point of the appetizers was the ceviche, but again....nothing better than you'd expect at any nice restaurant, and again very overpriced for the size of the portion.

For dinner, I had the Manchego Salad. Seriously, I make a better Manchego Salad at home...this was like spring greens mix from a bag with some grated Manchego on top; even the dressing was unexceptional.  My last plate was the meatballs, which were served in a hot pot with some broccoli rabe.  The flavor was nice, and the broccoli rabe steamed nicely...but 5 meatballs the size of ping-pong balls with 3oz. of broccoli rabe and a smattering of sauce that barely covered the bottom of the hot pot was not at all worth $14.   It should have been a $5 small plate.  

Others at the table had the Fleur Burger...again tiny and ordinary, at $35.  Seriously, a $35 burger should be a knock your socks off burger.  Not at all. Slow roasted Alaskan Halibut was the quality of the buffet food we had in our conference earlier in the day.  And two of us had the risotto, which was probably a 2oz. portion.  I mean, teeny-tiny.

If any of this food had been presented on Top Chef, the cook would have been eliminated.  What a huge bummer for us all.  And a final check in the hundreds of dollars was such a waste of hard-earned cash.   

Never again.
