YuiM5VKscO8rS1EX7f19_g This was the last meal of our Vegas trip and we saved the best for last.  We originally were going to go with the 3 course prix fixed dinner but we each decided on the 4 course elegance menu which gave you more options and was $89 compared to $55 for the 3 course menu.

The bread girl offered us a choice of 4 different breads.  I went with the Focaccia and the Pretzel bread and they were both great.

We also got an amuse bouche of tempura cod over mashed potatoes which really hit the spot.

Here is what I ordered:

Ahi Tuna Tartare - This was a much larger serving that I expected.  The tuna had the right amount of ginger sauce mixed with it and the fennel gave it great texture.  This was the best tuna tartare I've had and was even better than the one I had at Michael Mina.  Everyone else got the Truffled Onion Soup which they loved but I was very happy with my Tuna.

Halibut and ?? - The halibut was cooked nicely and was served over a mixture of clams, mussels and other seafood.  The dish tasted good but it was nothing special.  If I had a do over, I think I would try the veal and potato ravioli.  I also tried a bite of the gently heated salmon.  It had an Asian flavor and was good but wasn't anything special.

Prime Filet Mignon - The piece of meat was on the small side.  Not sure if you get a larger piece if you order the Entrée.  However the meat was so tender and combined with the red wine sauce, it was absolutely divine.  My friend paid extra for the foie gras and truffles on top of his filet and said it was the best steak he's ever had.  

Mixed dessert of peanut butter shake, chocolate banana cake and Bailey's ice cream.  The peanut butter shake was warm and reminded me a little of the peanut butter sauce you get on ice cream sundaes.  The chocolate banana cake was solid and the Bailey's ice cream packed a wallop and was yummy.  I have a sweet tooth and liked all 3 desserts.  The rest of my party paid $6 extra for the souffle.  I had a taste and I'm glad I didn't get it because it wasn't sweet enough for me but they all loved their souffles.
