YuiM5VKscO8rS1EX7f19_g One of the BEST (if not the BEST) dining experiences EVER. From the hostess to the servers, busboys, runners, manager, the kitchen, and to the MAN, himself, Hubert Keller - i have one word - AMAZEBALLS! Amazing staff - so competent, knowledgeable, attentive, and super friendly. You can tell they all love working for Hubert!  Without an extraordinary team, it would have not have done the food any justice.

The remodeled restaurant is now simply, FLEUR. Recently re-opened just 3 weeks ago.The menu has been revamped to be more of a tastings menu, small dishes. MY OH MY.....just mouthwatering and I just savored every bite.  Each plate came out more impressive than the previous - so delicate, so purposeful. Between us 3 ladies, we sampled 12 dishes! Don't get me wrong, we were full after 8 dishes, but it was so good, we wanted to try more. The kitchen must have thought we were food critics or something!
(Must try's - chocolate souffle, melon martini dessert, cuttlefish ball with remoulade, sweet spicy wings, beef carpaccio, mini tacos, mac and cheese, everything!)

To add to our wonderful dining experience, Chef Keller was at the restaurant. He was on the floor mingling with other guests. I was so excited, I almost jumped out of my heels! We asked our server if it was possible to take a photo with him, and she said it would not be a problem. "He is one of the nicest people, and it would be his pleasure."  Before our food arrived, Chef Keller made his way back to the floor, and he made a bee line for our table. We were 3 grown women swooning over him like we were teenagers. Ohmygoodness, he was incredibly sweet and such a gentleman. Shook our hands and leaned down to make sure we had eye contact and thanked us for coming. So funny, but as soon as he came out to talk to us, a group of ladies walking by ( we sat on the patio) recognized him from the Top Chef, and shrieked with delight and bear hugged him over the rail. Hahahah. He was so gracious, took photos with them, and then turned back to us to apologized for the interruption. No big deal for us, it was just so nice to see him make sure he acknowledge everyone.

After such an unforgettable dining experience, we were told the kitchen would like to send out some more desserts. WHAT? oh heck yah!  So incredibly nice.....we were treated to a pineapple carpaccio, delicately sliced with sorbet, a mixed berry with honey roasted nuts and cream.

Simply - THANK YOU! I can't wait to come back again and again and again.
