YuiM5VKscO8rS1EX7f19_g I wish I could be more enthusiastic about this eponymous restaurant from Hubert Keller. The staff could not have been more friendly, but they failed to manage their ambiance well, and the food lacked consistency.

The biggest problem with the restaurant, in my opinion, is that the main dining room is totally open to the casino, which allows the loud cacophony of casino sounds into the ambiance of the dining experience. The clang and whir of slot machines, different rock and roll songs from multiple other open venues, and the continuous mumble and rumble of the migrating hordes intrude on your dining experience continuously. Do not expect to "get away from it all" at this restaurant. You'll be smack dab in the middle of the action while you try to concentrate on your tuna tacos. Music played in the dining room just added to the ruckus and made me wish I had brought earplugs. Overall a very jarring experience.

The food was creative but uneven. Of the five "tapas" I ordered, only two really satisfied: tuna tacos and lobster macaroni and cheese. The tiny tuna tacos burst with bright flavors that popped in your mouth. My only criticism: teasingly small. The macaroni showed nice restraint -- too many lobster or truffle dishes nowadays coat the mouth with richness. This one comes off as balanced, with a gentle, soothing effect that lingers. Happy food.

The rest of the dishes were less than stellar. The oyster presentation was a bit ridiculous, served atop a martini glass filled with blue steaming liquid. The earthy brine of the oysters did not marry well with the melon balls that were served atop them. Creative but not great. They also comped me a deep fried chicken nugget on mayonnaise and nuts. Not my thing?

The wine list showed ambition, but lacked commitment. It covers lots of ground, but most of the producers it features are garden variety.

On the other hand the staff was lovely and attentive. Dishes were whisked on and off of the table with impressive efficiency. Every request was greeted with cheerful enthusiasm, which helped make my overall experience a mildly positive one. 

I cannot honestly say I had a great first experience at Fleur, but considering the creativity and friendly attitude, I will definitely try it again.
