YuiM5VKscO8rS1EX7f19_g If you want a splurge meal in Vegas without the splurge price, I'm pretty sure Fleur is it.  Our party of 4 had an outstanding meal for about $50 a head.  The food is made and plated beautifully, with the menu bent towards small dishes that are easy to share.  A rundown of the things I remember:
Caesar salad - just watch out for the anchovies.  There were these 2 salty, cold bites of fish that kind of jolted me, since the lighting was dim & didn't expect it.  Otherwise, a nice starter
ceviche - served with tortilla chips.  The seafood is nicely seasoned with a lime flavor that is strong but not overpowering.  Don't forget the guacamole on the bottom
steak tartare - parmesan flatbread, tarragon mayonnaise and finely chopped meat.  I rarely eat this, but I thought this was quite tasty
skirt steak - the chimichurri sauce was kind of thick, like salad dressing and not exactly what I was expecting.  Usually I think of chimichurri as a little more oily and thin, but the steak was cooked very nicely
lobster mac & cheese - the classic kid food, all grown up!

I could go on and on, but I want to get to dessert, because there was something that I just had to get.  The pineapple carpaccio - thin slices of fresh pineapple, some that are torched or baked in an oven so that they are crispy, with lime sorbet and CILANTRO GRANITA.  You read that correctly.  And if it sounds kind of strange, just give it a try because it will blow your mind.  Probably the best dessert that I have had all year!  

The service is attentive, and the other thing that really stood out is how everything is served beautifully.  Dishes with a lot of sauce were served in canoes like the sauteed shrimp, or the steak tartare on a flat square, that looked like it was made out of stone with the Fleur logo.  You'd swear that you're the judge on a Food Network show, the way everything comes out of the kitchen.

A tremendous value in Vegas, because you can spend way more than $50 per person and not be this happy.  Get the pineapple dessert!!!!
