YuiM5VKscO8rS1EX7f19_g We had dinner here on 12/15/2011...To sum it up in one word "Disappointing.".I know, I know... this is a famous chef with countless awards behind his name but believe me.. we were disappointed.
We have been to France , North and South, quite a few times and never had a bad meal..
The french are famous for "fabulousness".. fabulous foods, parfums, wines and champagne, style, fashion..ect...
Hubert Keller ,"Fleur"  being featured on the Travel Chanel "Forbes one of most extravagant meals" The only claim to fame on this menu is the $5000.00 for a Wagyu beef burger with foie gras which comes paired by a bottle of 1995 Chateu Petrus...other than that I was quite disappointed with this menu.. 
The Chef is french so we were expecting a french menu but instead there is a mixture of all kinds of cuisines, from central , south america, italian, greek, japanese... The only French dishes on the menu were a croc Monsieur, truffle onion soup shooters, a seared foie gras and a couple of flambees and souffles.
 We did not like the decor., again the french do everything rich and grand however ,this restaurant is decorated resembleling a cabin in the woods, a very "Plain and simple" cabin like, not your typical French glamour . The menu consists of  small plates and regular size dishes .. We ordered from the small plates the tuna tacos , ceviche, spicy shrimp casserole, smoked bacon flat bread, and truffle onion soup-shooter  and the seared foie gras. and the Fleur burger with all its fixings...minus the bottle of wine and save $4,935.00
The service was good, however all the dishes were lacking presentation.. The ceviche was fatty..they took it back and brought us the croc monsieur.
 The only stand out dishes were the Fleur Burger, the seared foie gras, the soup shooters and the flat bread... 
 Overall..We had high expectations but they were not met... I wouldn't come back or recommend this restaurant .. Instead for a memorable dinning experience go to the Bellagio and have dinner at any of their restaurants " Michael Mina" , "Le Cirque"  and "Picasso"  ..or right across from the Bellagio...."Alain Ducasses's"  at the Eiffle Tower..
