YuiM5VKscO8rS1EX7f19_g Fleur by Hubert Keller was one of the girlfriend and my first picks when deciding where to go to eat while we were in Vegas.  We decided to go for lunch figuring Fleur's small plates would be ideal for a satisfying, yet not overly filling, lunchtime meal.  We decided on having the tuna tacos ($13), the green gazpacho ($14), the Tarte Flambé ($11), and the "In the shower" mac & cheese ($18).  

The tuna tacos were a dish comprised of three small, just over bite-size, tacos with sushi grade tuna chunks accompanied by serrano chilies, cilantro, and avocado cream.  The tacos were flavorful, but the dish was a bit pricey given their size.  The green gazpacho was a wonderfully-balanced chilled soup of pureed tomatillos, green peppers and cilantro.  It was served with a small but tasty Jonah crab salad sandwich.  The star of this dish, however, was the soup.  Very refreshing and perfect for a warm Spring day!  The Tarte Flambé, a flatbread topped caramelized onions, bacon, truffle, asparagus, and crème fraiche.  It was a veritable tie between the gazpacho and the tarte for top honors for our meal.  Last, but sadly least, was the mac & cheese.  It was supposedly made with lobster, brunoise vegetables, and cheese, but what we received was woefully short on the lobster and veggies.  What was there was so finely diced, denying us the opportunity to get any sense of taste of lobster.  There was seemingly a reasonable amount of cheese, but it was surprisingly bland, excessively runny, and didn't really provide the gooey cheesiness that one would expect.  Of course, perhaps the "in the shower" part of its name referred to the fact that the cheese would be wet and runny by design.  Nevertheless, I've had much, much better lobster mac & cheese for much less money.  Service throughout the meal was satisfactory.

Fleur is a good restaurant, but a bit uneven in its lunch choices.  Perhaps the dinner service offers a greater, more even experience.  Still, don't get me wrong.  If you order the tarte and the gazpacho (both 4 star dishes), and perhaps the tacos (3 stars), you'll be pleased.  Just avoid the mac & cheese (a 1 star effort)!
