YuiM5VKscO8rS1EX7f19_g We decided to start off the New Year with a good meal and decided to try Fleur De Lys. If the rest of my year is anything like the meal and experience I had here, I'll consider myself lucky. 

As lovers of tasting menus, we decided to go with the full tasting menu that came with 7 courses. We started off with a dungeness crab wrapped in slices of avocado served with a watermelon gazpacho. This was fantastic. The avocado was the perfect compliment for the crab and the watermelon gazpacho offered a light contrast to the savory avocado. The next dish was a tuna tartare served with a ginger ponzu sauce. This had to be the best tuna tartare I have ever had...hands down. The ponzu sauce was spruced up with a hint of ginger and the tuna was perfectly balanced with cucumber strings. The following dish was the Nantucket Bay scallops served with frisee and a tomato confit. The scallops were so moist and flavorful. Generally, my compliant with scallops are that they are too big and lack the sweet, buttery flavor. These scallops had that wonderful flavor and a lot more. The tomato confit was very unique - the tomatoes were skinned and cooked, while maintaining it's shape and was the perfect consistency. The truffled onion soup was served with duck braised ragout and black truffles. I loved the duck braised ragout, but the soup was a little too creamy for my liking. My boyfriend loved it so it may just be a personal preference. I was more interested in the next dish, the veal and Yukon Gold potato ravioli. Wow - this was so wonderful. This dish came with sunchokes and English peas. I loved the consistency of the ravioli, and the veal sauce was mouth watering. The last of the savory dishes as a venison served with huckleberries, mushrooms, brussel sprouts, a potato puree served on a bed of red cabbage. The venison was perfectly cooked - the meat was extremely tender and flavorful. The red cabbage was slightly crunchy and worked perfectly with the meat. I was in heaven. 

For desserts, we had the coconut soup with tapioca, passion fruit sorbet served on a square of banana bread. We also had the chocolate souffle, and poached pears with cinnamon ice cream. The desserts were okay - I feel like I have had better (hence the 4 stars). Overall the service was okay as well. My last comment is that I loved the decor of the restaurant. The vaulted ceilings had drapes going from floor to ceiling which gave the restaurant a very dramatic effect. The huge display of roses at the entrance of the restaurant was breathtaking.
