YuiM5VKscO8rS1EX7f19_g This review of Fleur D Lys is of the lounge and the expanded Tapas menu available there, a great experience in all aspects. The menu is not listed on the website but is listed out front with the other menus, so do look for it. My wife and I ate there on 7-22-10.

 To begin the atmosphere of the Lounge is very relaxing as well as  inviting, with low as best I can describe Mid East style seating, with small tables and low set couches. The couches are very comfortable BTW so you may want to stay for awhile. This is a small intimate area which seats probably around 25 people at most so it can fill up on the weekends. Our hostess was charming, very engaging and an absolute sweetheart of a girl as were all employees we dealt with that evening, as you would expect from Fleur de Lys.

 We began our meal with a couple of drinks, a Doghead IPA for me, not bad but stout for an IPA, my wife had what is called a Fleur Fizz, a signature drink from the Lounge there. I am not much on cocktails as such, but this was a very well made and refreshing cocktail, made similiar to a New Orleans Fizz but made with Champagne instead of club soda. A great replacement IMO.

 We ordered the Charcutrie Tray for two and the Rock Shrimp with Glass Noodles, for what we thought was a beginner to the Tapas meal. Not the whole meal for two as it ended up being to our surprise. The Rock Shrimp and Glass noddles was a slightly spicy little dish, not so much my wife did not love it mind you, but with a taste of the world it was from as it should be. The sauce was a mix of Thai and Viet tastes blended very well, with very fresh, small Rock Shrimp, which were not skrimped on as some Tapas menus will do. The Charcutrie was a very nice mix of smoked meats with a very fresh bread, olives, cornichons, pickled fennel and a wonderful stone ground mustard. The highlight of this for me was the mix of the Pork/Goose pate and the Fennel, a wonderful combination with the sweet, smoothness of the pate and the sharpness of the fennel blending wonderfully to form a new tatse sensation I will try in the future for a recipe of my own.

  Unable to decide what we wanted to do for dessert, which all sounded good I asked about the 'flights" I saw listed on the menu. Why not finish with a drink instead of more food, always can eat again if need be :) . The flights are signature martinis in a 3 drink serving, and are available as a Tropical or Decadent choice of flights. We decided upon the Decadent flight and were not wrong in our choice as this filled the needs of both libation and dessert in one nice package, The flight consisted of a Dark Chocolate, Mocha Espresso and White Chocolate, the drinks were accompanied by Chocolate Meddalions and fresh Blackberries. The White Chocolate was my personal favorite, like drinking a wonderful White Chocolate bar, with a hint of a Martini behind it. The Espresso was my wifes favorite, she best described as very good Mocha Espresso but with a hint of Gin. This was a great finish to a great meal to say the least. The meddalions and rasberries were wonderful, fresh as out the back door rasberries and excellent chocolate.

 Whether looking for a quick and casual, but classy, meal or just a great way to start the evening with a drink in a relaxed, semi-casual setting, the lounge as Fleur de Lys is a choice you cannot go wrong with. The Tapas menu is extensive and priced very well, with something for everyone, the price is upscale as you would expect for Fleur de Lys but worth every penny. They have available a choice for evrything on the Tapas, 99 for just food or 115 for foods and desserts, and a party of 8-10 could have a great time for this amount. 5 Stars all the way across the board.
