YuiM5VKscO8rS1EX7f19_g All of the issues we had to deal with really left a bad taste in my mouth.  The food was excellent, but it couldn't outweigh the bad hosts/hostesses, bad waiting, and DOUBLE CHARGES on my card.  For full disclosure, we had a group of 25 dining, but had booked 2 months in advance, we were all on one check, and the restaurant only had three or four other tables of 2 people each dining at any one point in the night.  We arrived and had a few drinks while they were getting our table ready.  Some simple questions to the host and hostess about how they wanted to handle the large alcohol tab we were running up - did they want to just add it to the table total or not - were met with listless responses and flippant passing remarks.  We sat down and it took about 30 minutes to get half of the tables' drink orders from two waiters - all of which were non-alcoholic because we were confused by the host/hostess about the original drink orders up front.  The other half of the table did not get their drink orders taken at all, we had to get up and catch a waiter to let them know that they missed them.  We ordered the tapas style courses, and although I am fully aware of the concept, there should be enough single-bites for every person to at least get one bite.  Sorry, not the case.  Several people were left without food, and please keep in mind that they knew the size of our party 2 months ahead of time.  I had to tell them to please increase the quantities they were serving to at least feed everyone at the table.  Despite the lack of enough food, what we were able to try was really good.  I signed the $3000 check, filled out the survey letting them know my disappoint, and moved on.  Flash forward to three weeks later, with no calls from Fleur management about anything at all.  I get a call from my bank telling me that it seems Fleur has DOUBLE CHARGED ME with each charge three weeks apart and the bank froze my account for fear of fraud.  I've been calling and calling but no answer from any Fleur management.  Poor, poor, poor customer service.
