YuiM5VKscO8rS1EX7f19_g I feel silly for not realizing this was a "Tapas" style place when my boyfriend and I got excited at how inexpensive some of these delicious sounding items were. It was super late and we were hungry, but wanted something that would be unique, and me being a Top Chef fan, I really was excited about trying a Hubert Keller place!

When I saw the 5000 dollar burger on the menu, I knew something was up and asked our server, to which she shyly replied that they don't like to call it "tapas" here. My boyfriend was immediately weary but I was still pretty excited to try good food!

The best way to describe some of the food is "whimsical" - my boyfriend got chicken croquettes and the skirt steak, which said came with "fingerling potato." When it came out it was literally *one* fingerling potato made to look like a mini baked potato. I kind of laugh at this moment, but it was more of a sad laughter. I understand that the chef is trying to make his dishes a tad more affordable to the average person, but a single fingerling? I didn't know whether this was a joke to be admired or weirded out by.

Same with my dishes - I wish I had ordered a few more things, but I got some fried chickpeas, and the gnocchi. While they were *definitely* the best gnocchis I've had before, there were only four plated. Really brief dish that was hard to appreciate when theres so little there to remember!

However the desserts were definitely some of my favorite during the trip. I loved the cheesecake lollipops - they were beautiful, and tasted amazing - coated in white chocolate, gingerbread and a checkered short bread cookie, with fresh strawberry puree dipping sauce. We also got the creme brule sampler - Cookie dough, Lavender, and Earl Grey. These were so creamy, light and were meant to be eaten slowly. 

We were also given a complimentary lobster mac and cheese but neither of us eat fish so that was a bittersweet moment! We totally loved the gesture, though.

I am not against the idea of tapas but I think they should re-evaluate their plating to be a bit more giving due to the steep prices. I would have rather tried Bouchon than this, but serendipity left us at Fleur's door. Definitely a good light meal, however.
