YuiM5VKscO8rS1EX7f19_g Ehh I'm kinda disappointed.

I came to the Mandalay Bay which to be honest, I rarely come because I actually had tickets to the MJ One show. After yelping some places to eat around Mandalay Bay, I was super excited to find out that there were two joints opened by HUBERT KELLER!!

I'm a huge fan of Hubert Keller especially after his debut on Top Chef Masters. I was really rooting for him the first season to win! I also have always wanted to eat at his restaurant in SF at Fleur des Lys so when I found out he had Fleur in Mandalay Bay, I quickly made a RSVP before the show.

The restaurant was quite empty when we arrived, given that my RSVP was at 5:30 bc we had the 7:00 tickets to the MJ show, and we got sat down inside very quickly. It was super dark inside that we had to request moving to different tables bc it was too dark for some people to read the menu. Our waiter was nice, attentive, good at recommendations and any questions we had.

Half ordered the MJ prix fixe menu while half ordered a bunch of little dishes to share. Some things ordered was the shrimp ceviche, ahi tacos, beef sliders, skirt steak, Caesar salad, corn soup, and Fleur burger. 

Everything tasted pretty mediocre. I was slightly disappointed especially since I had high expectations of this place and also that I had told my party that dinner would be good. Majority of my party was not satisfied with their meal and was highly disappointed as well. The sliders were okay. Good meat patties but kinda dry and needed some sort of sauce to it to counteract the dryness. The shrimp ceviche should really NOT be called ceviche. Normally, a ceviche is cooked in the juices of some sort of citrus juice like lemon or lime but this "ceviche" was basically drowned in a cold cucumber soup. The cucumber dressing was really bland and had no flavor to it and the accompaniments was really minimal. Couldn't find a single tomato or avocado in that small dish. The ahi tacos were good. Good slab of tuna but could have used more sauce in the tiny tiny taco. Salad was mediocre and corn was okay. Nothing too spectacular just ok. We ended the night with some brownie pops which again, kinda misleading. I was expecting kind of like a brownie cake pop but it's more like a chocolate truffle on a stick with some caramel. It was way too sweet even for a sweet tooth lover like me.

Overall, my dinner was fine. But for a highly rated restaurant, I was expecting more especially one that's owned by Hubert Keller. I think I made the mistake of eating at Fleur instead of going to Burger Bar. Maybe next time I'll go back to Mandalay Bay and have better luck at his burger joint instead.
