yVNaMEBUslR_7GbFhurJEg An orgasmic Saturday brunch experience!

Let me tell you why! 

Last weekend I was lucky enough to have met another foodie from Instagram who spoke so beautifully of H4C. It was one of the many choices we had to go for brunch. I'm thrilled we mutually decided to meet at H4C.  Which also just happens to be very conviently located of a 30 second walk from St. Henri Metro station. 

Prior to entering the restaurant, I took a few minutes to acknowledge the beauty of the architecture from the outside. Such a beauty! The building was formerly a Canada Post and bank from many years ago. To this day, it remains in outstanding condition and outstanding maintenance as well. Rare to find such a beauty in the St. Henri area. Sadly!

Upon walking into the restaurant, the beauty carried on throughout the entire ambiance. Classy but casually decorated. Great amount of windows(Perfect to take foodie photos!) plenty of space between each table. A stunning looking bar, with a great setup as well. Overall the ambiance is sleek but, modern. 

Since it was in the middle of Winter time, the moment I entered the restaurant there was a kind, and friendly hostess who provided me with a lovely warm welcome. After mentioning I had reservations, she guided me to my table. Right after, she offer to take my coat and hang it for me. Talk about attention to details. I wish more restaurants would do this wonderful and professional service. As many restaurants are lacking attention to service these days, H4C clearly has a strong focus on little details. Most restaurants tend to have dull knives and not the most eye appealing silverware. It makes it for a "dull" dinner.. See what I did there? Luckily due to the strong focus to the details that H4C has, their knives, were sharp as can be,  Thank you for that! :) 

Now that my foodie partner in crime has arrived, it's time to investigate our menu. We discussed in details, our waiter soon after offers if we need any help and/or have any questions. The only help I needed was to decide what to order, everything without an exception sounded delectable! Decisions decisions!

We are now ready to order!  My foodie partner had chosen the Eggs Bénédictines, with bacon, wild oh so flavorful mushrooms(Pieds Bleus) little baby squash, on top of an English muffin and a oh so silky, buttery, flavorful Hollandaise sauce. I took a small bite of her dish, and it was just bliss. The combination of each ingredient was a beautiful and harmonious experience inside my mouth. 
I've decided to order the pancakes, topped with tender poached pears along with white chocolate.  Basically there were four(small) very tender, and fluffy but with a slight vanilla/lemon taste to them. Between each pancake there were two slices of poached pears, and a pear gel/like sauce. Alongside of a small pitcher of local maple syrup. 

  Have you ever felt sad that when you were done eating your dish because it tasted that good? I did! This was the dish that gave me that same feeling. I felt sad, yet each pancake left me with a smile from ear to ear. That's a clear sign that everything was done to perfection. Rarely are things perfect in this world, right? However I will say that my dish was perfect! Seriously, they were!

Oh and how can I forget! Since I'm not a coffee drinker and so so of a fan for tea. I'm always on the search for the best made and best quality hot cocoa. H4C did the perfect cup of hot cocoa. Served in a generous size cup, comfortable to hold. At a perfect temperature, the right amount of intensive of dark, but with a hint of sweetness as well.  The chocolate level was perfectly flavorful! The right  amount of foam and a creamy consistency.
 This is where you notice good quality ingredients being used in everything. Even as things as simple as hot cocoa. Ingredients can make it or break it. My guess is that they must have used an excellent quality European chocolate. Callebaut? Valrhona? They do happen to be my favorite two chocolates.  Bravo to the barista of that day, you've impressed me. 

Now that both our friend and I were feeling quite full, and smiling from ear to ear, we decided to stay at the restaurant for a little over an hour to simply "talk" The restaurant was packed and clients kept coming in, never did anyone ask us to empty the table or give us that look of "When are you leaving?"

To close off this review, I can honestly say that I do not have one single negative thing to say about H4C. Our entire experience was flawless, perfect and yes, orgasmic! 

I will certainly be returning again, and again. 

Thank you to the entire staff for making this an outstanding brunch experience. You have definitely landed a #1 spot on my brunch to go to places.  Bravo et Merci! :)
