YVYHX7RCPjCBqEth2CS91Q This was my fourth or fifth time at this restaurant. I first went the first week they were open and it was fantastic. It has gone steadily downhill since. Embarrassingly bad on multiple fronts. 

1. Service. Restaurant was busy, but not packed.  Waited 20 minutes for drink order, another 15 minutes for bread.  Food came out at a reasonable pace, though.  Had a rotation of three different people serving our table.  Server taking our order got the special wrong (said deboned lamb chop -- it had a bone.  not a big deal, but for $35 I wouldn't have gotten a boned chop), didn't ask what meat temperature we'd like.  After dinner we waited 20 minutes for someone to ask us if we wanted dessert.  And when they did ask it was a different server who was setting the table next to us as she was "waiting" on us.  She then came over to our table, and literally put her elbows on our table as she talked to us.  I'm fine with relaxed service, but this crossed a line, and at this price point I would expect a lot more.  Overall, the food would have had to be amazing in order for my experience to not be ruined by the service. Unfortunately....

2. Food. Started with the sweet breads. The protein itself was cooked to perfection -- bravo!  But the sauce -- a middling, brownish pan sauce (maybe?) with some mushrooms in it was flavorless and added nothing to the dish. Wife got the goat cheese salad, which she liked. Entrees: I had the lamb special. As noted, I was told it was deboned, but when it came to the table there was a big honking bone on it (and consequently, little lamb, which a lot of restaurants get away with when they serve you a boned chop).  Lamb was ok, nothing special, sides were a little skimpy, and at $35 I could be blown away at any number of other restaurants. Wife got the steak frites. The steak was undercooked (this was near-raw, not medium rare) and, somehow, was incredibly tough.  Just a poor showing all around.  The desserts were very good (lemon tart and chocolate parfait).

3. Price.  Even with a $40 Groupon I dropped $100 before tip (2 apps, 2 entrees, 2 desserts, 4 beers).  This would have been fine had the meal been excellent, or even pretty good.  But getting that check after the terrible service and so-so food that was brought down by the terrible service put me in a really nasty mood.

4. Atmosphere.  I love the look of the place.  I love the open kitchen.  Unfortunately, because it's so small and has the open kitchen, your clothes STINK when you leave.  I will have to get everything I was wearing laundered and/or dry cleaned, which, again, comes with the territory if the meal was worth it, which wasn't the case here. Lastly, they seem to have drawn a regular clientel of local weirdos and eccentrics: the art dealer who shuffles between tables, the wealthy dowager who shouts across the restaurant at the servers, who are her "friends." Again, it would be so charming if the service and food were of a high quality.
