YVYHX7RCPjCBqEth2CS91Q so wednesday was our anniversary. 31 years! i never thought i'd ever live to see that!!! like when you're 10 & you think 30 is soooo far away! we decided to try a new restaurant instead of 1 we've been to before. we agreed on brasserie 33. we love french food! not since lepommier have we had good french food. i called the place on monday to make reservations. a polite, french-accented man answered. i asked if they had booths. he said no, but he would give us their best table, table 15. he said it was in a quiet corner by itself. i thanked him for that & said it was for our anniversary, so that would be wonderful.
we found the place, in a strip mall. there was a laundromat  a few doors down! we thought this place was supposed to be nice. parking was terrible as 1 would expect on ellsworth. as we walked up to the place, we saw through the window that table 15 was already filled. uh-oh! it was fairly empty-3 tables & 6 at the bar. i tried to say we had resevations when the waitress came up. yes, yes, yes she said & then asked us something about the menus. unfortunately, i didn't understand her through her french accent. i said give us both menus. tom realized she had said regular or groupon menu, & we got the regular menu. she sat us at a table right at the end of the bar & kitchen, not at all private. 
we placed our order, & waited for long periods of time for each course. i know, made to order takes a while, & there was just the 1 cook, but we did wait, a lot, & they weren't that busy! tom got the escargot, salade lyonnaise & the bouillabaisse. i ordered the vol-au-vent with shrimp & scallops, salade d' endive et de betteraves & the roti de canard au cassis. we also got a bottle of wine from the very limited selection. we finished with the profiteroles for dessert. the food was good. but, it wasn't outstanding, just good. my duck was actually overcooked, burnt on the bottom. every plate was covered to the rim with parsley. the waitress seemed hurried, not to be bothered. her response was always-monsieur/madam, yes, yes, merci, merci, & then she was gone. for what we paid, with tip, about $200, we were sorely disappointed. for $200, there are ALOT of other restaurants we could've gone to & been extremely happy with our evening.
tom went to the bathroom & said it wasn't very clean. as well, he said doors were open to the dishwashing room & somewhere else. he said the sights in those rooms were not something you'd want to see.
at 1 point, 5 older men who were at the bar drinking, sat down at the table next to us. really??? 7-8 other tables & they sit next to us???? they had been drinking quite a bit at the bar. when they sat down, each of them had their own bottle of wine to have with their meal, as if they needed more alcohol! they were loud, they were obnoxious, they were rude. they said they were dentists. 1 more reason why i fear doctors! they made racial comments. they made sexual comments. the waitress didn't help. she would come over & basically let these guys paw her up. 1 guy grabbed her leg as she went by. another said he wanted he wanted her breasts, not the check. she went along with all of it. in fact, suddenly, her thick french accent was gone!
we won't be back there again!
