YVYHX7RCPjCBqEth2CS91Q tl;dr: Wonderful food, bad service.

I was quite impressed when we first entered Brasserie 33, as the restaurant itself has quite a nice interior.  It feels very modern, and has a sleek look and feel to it.  My fiance and I were seated immediately, and handed menus to look over.  The waiter we had was a gentlemen then entire time we were there, but his skill seemed rather lacking.  This is perhaps, due to the fact that we went on a Saturday afternoon - this may not have been the A-team of servers.

He took our drink orders, and then a few minutes later took our food orders.  After taking our orders, he simply walked away from our table, leaving our menus (which were simply printed sheets of paper, not particularly nice looking) there in front of me.  They sat there for a fairly long time, and every time he walked by to serve the other tables, I tried to move them more towards the edge of the table so he would notice them, but he never did.  Finally, right before our food was served, a completely different waiter took them away.  

Our meals were delicious.  I ordered the Croque Monsieur, and my fiance had the Quiche Lorraine.  Both came with a side of fries and a side salad.  The food was delicious, with the quiche in particular being stunning.  The eggs in the quiche were perfectly fluffy and light.  As a desert, we ordered the chocolate mousse, and again, delicious.  

Now, during any other decent meal, this would be the time when the waiter would ask if we were ready for our check.  He did not.  Over and over again, he would walk by to other tables, but not once did he say anything about bringing us our check.  Finally, my fiance caught his eye and let him know that we had a Groupon we wished to use.  Apparently, he considered it a great offense that we hadn't told him of this before the meal was started.  After this, we had to wait at least 10 more minutes before we had to catch his attention AGAIN and ASK to be able to pay.  I have never had to ask to give someone my money before.

All in all, the food was delicious and I would recommend the food but...they very much need to improve their service.
