YVYHX7RCPjCBqEth2CS91Q I don't know why I got sucked in again to this place.  Ah yes, it was the grouppn i bought, so we decided to give it another chance.  Where do I start?
Since La Pommier closed in the southside, it has been impossible to find good french food in Pittsburgh.  Paris 66 is over priced, and gave my husband food poisoning last we went.  So, one of the only other places is Brasserie 33.  Looks good from the outside, menu looks decent and even authentic, but the major flaw in this place isnt the menu, or location... it is with the owners.  I am convinced they are trying to break your wallet, by cheating you.  It sounds crazy, I know.  Here are some of my reasons.  
The wine/ beer list.  - over priced!  Try asking for a sample of something, and they look at you funny.  The wine glasses are an optical illusion, thick and heavy.  I doubt you recieve 8oz pours.  Starting at 10 a glass up to 18, they should give you a true pour.
They always are running out of things.  Like foil to wrap your leftovers in!  Come on people, run out to the store and buy some.  There is also always at least 5 dishes they are out of.  You recieve the list when you sit down.  Since the menu is so small, it is by coincidence only that the most expensive dishes are usually in stock.
The staff-  never nice, always pushy, downright mean even.  To the point of reminding you to tip on what the full bill would be (genius).
The food-  for provincal french cuisine (inexpensive coq au van is made to save money over in french villages, it is like italian lasagna) it is ridiculously priced for what you recieve. Frozen veggies, portions that try and hide behind large amounts of sauce.  Who is paying $22 for a plate of mussels??   Not me! Everything was salty as well.  We got the clams, told them they were super salty and they did nothing about it.
The owner- downright shady.  Not gonna go into detail, just trust.


Our bill came to $89 and that was after the $40 groupon! We were still hungry when we left in extreme disappointment.

All in all, I think the next time I am craving french food, I am going to pick up a cookbook, a nice burgandy and do it myself.  Easily under $50 bucks.
