4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw Really wonderful. Better than I expected. Our server was wonderful and really attentive but didn't hover. She knew the menu in and out, which is important to me since I'm that annoying diner who asks loads of questions. 
They bring out a delicious and warm baguette to get you started with their shaved carrot 'accoutrement.' I honestly don't think it's a French dish, but nevertheless, it was tasty. Herbs, vinegar, and something else I couldn't put my finger on all blend nicely with the carrot. We got the jumbo shrimp cocktail to start - most of their appetizers were shell fish related and my honey is allergic, so the shrimp had to do. It was tasty, and their cocktail sauce had the lovely horseradish punch that I love. The only downside was the shrimp tasted a little 'fishy' to me. 
I had an heirloom tomato salad with basil pesto, goat cheese and baguette croutons. I would have been happy if dinner ended here. The tomatoes were so flavorful and the goat cheese was really nice with the acidity. 
We both had steak for dinner. It's a steakhouse after all, why go against the grain? We chose their classic cut which is pounded thin. I was worried about the doneness and tenderness of the meat, but was pleasantly surprised to have a perfectly medium steak that was anything but tough. I chose to have the Roquefort sauce while the man went with béarnaise. Their béarnaise was authentic and really quite good; I've had terrible representations lately. Now, possibly the best thing about dinner were the impossibly thin and delicious frites that they serve. What machine cuts then in such a way, I haven't the slightest, but I want one in my home! They are crispy, perfectly fried and lightly sea-salted. 
Moving on to dessert (and honestly, we should have stopped to avoid the utterly bloated feeling that was to come, but if you ever get to chance to eat this dessert-DO IT). We decided on the Banana's Fosters crepe. Best. Decision. Ever. There should be movies written about this crepe. I am a banana's Fosters fan to begin with, but this had just the right amount of rum to cinnamon to banana to caramel. Oh heavens...
We really enjoyed our dinner here, and before tip it was UNDER $100. We were shocked. I even had 2 cocktails! Really worth it - and if you're lucky, you can get a seat outside to watch the Bellagio water show, too!
