z6ZPIpO_1Rx69k9y2DQ7Bw This rating is almost entirely based on the lack of customer service we experienced here. 
My friend and I came in on a Wednesday night about 6:30. There were very few patrons in the restaurant, but 5 employees behind the service line. We walked up to the line and stood there waiting for one of them to greet us or ask what we wanted. 
All five of them were restlessly moving around a little (like you do when there is nothing to do and you feel like you should be doing something but you really dont have anything to do), but not one would make eye contact with us - and we are literally standing right in front of them looking at them. A couple of them said a few words to their co-workers, but no one spoke to us. After a while, it was so comical, my friend and I looked at each other and just started laughing (like wtf?). I guess they were playing chicken with each other because finally one of them broke down and asked me what I would like. I repeated my order 3 times (it was just a salad) before she finished the very very slow process of putting the 4 ingredient salad on a plate. I slid my tray down to the cash register and then, despite the fact that there were still multiple employees hovering, had to wait until the same person who made my salad finished with my friend's meal before she slowly walked down and rang up my salad. One young woman then gave us a cheery "Bon Appetite!" I jumped because it startled me. 
The salad was meh. My friend's salad was a goopy mess with what had to be 2/3 c of cranberries on top of it (she left most of it). 
My friend had to walk back to the counter for something and when she returned to the table she said she had asked why everyone was standing around like that when we walked in and was told that they were waiting for their shift to be over. So I guess if you hate your job so much that the chance of waiting on a customer might mean you have to stay one minute past your shift, better to just stall until it's time to leave. I think that explains why the we were finally waited on - she must have been the one who started her shift at 6:30...I dont know, just a guess. 
The same cheery woman who wished us well came by the table as we were leaving. I wasnt sure if we were supposed to bus ourselves or that was for her to do, she said she would do it, but not in the way that made me feel like it was right for me to leave it. I couldn't see where to take it though, so let her pick things up. Being a new restaurant and a relatively new concept for people a good customer service tip might be to tell patrons as they go through the line where to pick up utensils, etc and instructions about whether or not someone will bus the table when finished. 
Parking was easy and plentiful. Should continue to be so if they dont step up their game.
