ZCQa7CJxZ-53Zxd_pobWug I should have read the reviews first.  If the reviews are that spread out its obviously "hit or miss".  This was my first and last time going there. It was definitely a giant miss for me.  After being seated and waiting for so long, I was about to just leave when the waiter called out on his way from the next table that he would right there.  After another long wait, he finally showed up. When asked about any of the menu items, he just looked confused.  When ordering a wine with dinner he had to put his finger on the page and leave with the wine list. Of course during this time, we had to specifically ask for water to drink be brought to the table. 

For the appetizers, I had the French Onion Soup (not bad), while my companion had the Tomato Salad which consisted three slices of tomato with baby sprigs and a dressing. Hardly enough to be considered a salad. 

When the entrees arrived. They both looked, felt and tasted like they had been sitting under a heat lamp for far too long. My prime rib was cold as well as my "whipped" (mashed) potatoes. My companion had the club sandwich with rosemary pomme frittes (French Fries). Its hard to mess up a club sandwich, but the fries were cold, limp and greasy.  EVERYTHING had to be sent back to the kitchen!  My meal came out a second time and it was correct. My companions pomme frittes came out in the same state as the first attempt. She just gave up and simply said "never mind" to the fries. 

During the course of the meal our drinks ran low and eventually empty. My companion had to go to the hostess stand and ask if the manager could stop by our table with some water. 

When Mark the manager showed up, we conveyed our experiences with Rey the waiter.  He of course politely apologized. And offered to "adjust" the bill, which Rey promptly delivered. Rey seemed to have forgotten the the special I ordered came with dessert, so I had to remind him.  Of course coffee wasn't offered so I had to flag Rey down for som coffee. When we got our coffee, Rey was distracted by something else yet again and just put his carafe on the table in front of me like we were at an Ihop.  Since we ordered coffee, he had to add that to the bill and we had to flag him down yet again. 

SERVICE: Horrible
FOOD:  Mediocre (at best)

For the guy that said "not that bad", I ask you how does it have to be before you feel like your time and money has been wasted?  How important is you time and how hard do you work for you money?  If you value either, you won't waste it at Le Cafe Ile Saint Louis.
