ZCQa7CJxZ-53Zxd_pobWug It wasn't my first time dining here, probably the 4th or 5th but I think I finally hit a wall with this place. The other times were semi decent and warranted returning visits. After this weekend though, I'm over it. We had a big party so we understood that it was going to take some time to get a table. Even the wait for the table itself wasn't bad. The suck came when we sat down. I'm not going to play the blame game and start pointing fingers either because our waitress seemed genuinely sweet. I just don't know whose fault was it so I might as well blame the entire establishment.

We got our table and menu. Some time passed before we were greeted or quite frankly acknowledged period. It was the first meal of the day and we were all craving a bite especially after a long intoxicating night. When we finally got the greet, just like any standard operating restaurant policy, drink orders were taken. Time ticked. Table of guys, trust me when I say guys know what they want to eat within a few minutes especially when you're hungry like a bear. Okay, drinks come and orders taken. Here is where it gets ugly.

Again, I've grown up in the restaurant business and understand when there's a big party it takes some time to get all the food out for a big table. Of course, the restaurants my family owned were all small hole in the walls. We were in Vegas, Paris hotel, 24 hour café, get your cooking line straight or maybe you need a Chef Ramsay visit? We sat, sat, sat. Friend got so bored, he passed around the keno sheet and we were picking numbers. He took three trips to the keno booth and still no food. Draw Something, Words with Friends, was being played by 80% of the table. There was a table of five women who sat down some time after us and they were half way through their meal. What did we have, bread & butter. Yeah, it was good bread & butter but where the F is my meal? I didn't order Australian Wagyu Steak. It was sunny side eggs, potatoes, bacon, and toast. Most of the guys on the table ordered soup/salad/sandwich combos. How long does it really take? Tick tock, tick tock, how deep does the rabbit hole go? No exaggerations. Trust me, I don't like to bash restaurants (just look at the majority of my reviews; mostly positive) but this was ridiculous. 

We finally got our meals and yeah it was decent. Nothing bad to say about our food. The guy who kept refilling our drinks must've felt bad because he kept bringing drinks over in attempt to keep us calm. Before most of us were done, we asked for the check in advance because seriously, we were done with the place & wanted to just roll. 

We were just looking for a simple and quick lunch but this ordeal turned into an unnecessary two hour+ fiasco. Not even an apology for the lag but whatever, you guys are Vegas and people will still return. Money will continue to flow inwards, but I will happily throw my extra cash and help put the strippers through college before I return to this cafe.
