ZdaZwXC0FByDY3EwNELphw This week's installment of FARCS at large: adventures of Christine and Dea-brings us to the recently hyped Union on Ossington.

Our fellow FARCS arrive at 6:30 on a muggy summer night to take their seats. Luckily they are with reservation and it proves to be a smart undertaking as the joint is hopping with pretty young things well before 8. They take their seats at the banquettes and take a moment to drink in the chic yet casual Ossington decor: exposed brick, wooden floors and a marble bar. A pastoral mural on the side wall of horses and dragon flies signals that this place takes its' local food seriously. 

The server for the evening is an affable chap who answers all questions and concerns including the one that our enquiring females have on their minds: Is chef Teo Paul the hottest chef in town? Answer: Yes, quite possibly so. 

Moving along, the girls peruse the wine and cocktail list and note the fairness of the prices given the calibre of the restaurant. Cocktails run from $8-9 and wines are priced from $9 but feature some interesting regions in Europe. Christine the resident oeonophile of the pair, summons glasses of Prosecco to start- a light bubbly white wine, easy on the nose. What a welcoming start!


Our FARCS start off with the charcuterie board which consists of corned beef, a pate akin to deviled ham and a country terrine which was tasty enough. The girls having taken in past boards at both Swirl and the famous Black Hoof both decided that this one was not up to snuff with it's lack of cured meats. The summer salad arrived next and it set the girls hearts aflutter with its well prepared combination of lettuces, shallots and mustard seeds. It was layered wtih a creamy, soft chevre, a crisp potato rosti and some delicious house smoked bacon. This one was chowed down heartily and appreciatively.

The arrival of the mains was met with some disappointment by the girls who felt that there the kitchen had faltered somewhat in  execution. Proclaimed sticky ribs were neither sticky nor flavourful and could have used more cooking time to properly carmelize and soften up the meat. Adjoining pork belly was lackluster, it didn't have the "pop" or crazy texture of pork bellies past. However, the sweat pea lasagna made up for the sorry ribs by being bright and bouncy in flavours and textures. Thin delicate sheets of pasta, creamy rich ricotta, soothing sweat pea bechamel topped off with fresh crushed tomatoes: this thing was a beauty that tasted of the garden. Sliced slightly cooked slices of zuchini added to the garden fresh taste but sadly the promised eggplant on the menu was MIA. All the main dishes were enjoyed with a platter of yogurt potato salad (bland) and the most wonderful frites in recent memory: hand cut, golden in colour and excellent potato flavour. The accompanying lemon aioli on the side made these frites a big hit with our farcs!

Tummies stuffed and satiated the farcs paid up and tumbled out onto Ossington to enjoy the breezy summer air. Union may be hopping and pretty but it is also a bad place to survive a humid night with its lack of a/c and minimal ventilation. 

All in all, a lovely meal was enjoyed by the FARCS on that hot summer evening. The girls took in dishes prepared with care, made with local, fresh ingredients and all at the hands of a fine lookin' chef. Here's hoping the consistency caries more forward into some of their other dishes!
