zEp0CsZSd4tDuA1AezfPvw The restaurant is quiet for dinner. There was only 2 tables including us. It was a Japanese restaurant before which business was slow and expensive. They keep the open kitchen which is nice and main features as well, remove those Japanese decor and have it newly painted. 

The music was a bit loud. The microphone is over a table of 2. Wonder how the young couple talked to each other. 

We did not order the combo coz it was a bit expensive and we were not sure about the portion. Foie gras promotion is over. The appetizer is now over $17. 

There was a complimentary appetizer - salmon and deep-fried cheese. Not bad. However if the deep-fried cheese was hot, that was perfect for me. 

Lobster Soup tasted good and there was 2 pieces of lobster meat in the bottom. Sweet Potatoes Soup, the soup of the day, was out of my expectation with a hitch of spicy. Garlic bread was made before they served. Chef put them under the salamander to make sure they were crispy and hot!

For main course, we ordered crispy corn hen, scallop and foie gras. The corn hen was good and portion was big enough (half). The scallop was big and sweet. With the green apple and papaya Salad in yuzu sauce, it tasted even better. Foie gras was crispy outside and paired it with raisin toast and cranberry sauce. Personally, I thought cranberry sauce and toast were just perfect. 

They claimed they were "wine, dine,dessert bar". They had 4 homemade dessert last night. We tried 3 of them that was suggested by restaurant manager. Cheesecake was the best! It was rich in flavour and texture. It's small too! Not too much after dinner and satisfied my sweet tooth. Chocolate Soufflé was a disappointment. It collapsed quite fast but the small spoonful ice cream with nuts was yummy. Chocolate Molten Cake was hot enough and not too sweet. 

Overall the service was attentive. There was only 5 customers. Food was okay but the price was a bit expensive.  Food presentation was fine. 

Will I come back? Not sure... But I will introduce to my friend and let's have a try.
