ZIQrmmK86wQXVowgLsjW5A I am a very very lucky girl. I was taken here as a surprise birthday treat for dinner and an overnight stay last weekend, I have a wonderful boyfriend I know. 

Although I have done fine dining, this was my first michelin star dining experience, wow! It started with a bottle of champagne in the room. We stayed in room no. 21 on the top floor (there are only 4 rooms) which has beautiful views over the city and out towards the firth of forth. There's quite a lot of stairs which was no problem for us but just in case anyone reading this struggles with stairs. The room has been decorated beautifully with a massive bed, luxurious shower room and a lovely sitting area with window seats that allow you to take in the amazing views. Only criticism would be that there was quite a lot of mirrors - I don't usually like seeing so much of myself!

We got ready for dinner and headed down to the drawing room for a complimentary glass of champagne. As others have noted, the decor is a beautiful and understated boutique hotel. I loved the custom made carpets. They do seem to have a things for urns...

They only do 2 seatings in the evening - an early and a late one. We were on the late one. We were due to be seated at 930, and it was about 945 before we were taken down to the restaurant and, ironically, bumped into old friends in the restaurant who we stopped and talked to so it was about 10 before we ordered (our fault I know). 

The menu is intriguing and dishes have names that aren't immediately obvious as to what they are - so there is guess work involved! At the weekend, its a set 5 course menu with a choice for course 1 (starter), 3 (main) and 5 (dessert). I chose cauliflower cheese, steak and lemon tart. 

I have never seen such beautiful and imaginative dishes. You can see through to the restaurant and there is a large team of chefs working - it's amazing to see how they prepare dishes - each chef is responsible for a garnish on the dish and they all come together at once as its being plated. It reminds me of a closh!

The stand out for me was the steak for the main, absolutely amazing dish and beautifully presented. Sorry, I don't do food photos so can't show you how stunning it was!!

Cheese was next and that was fabulous. Eight types of cheese so a great range and portion wasn't too big. By the time dessert came I'm afraid it was late and we were both pretty full so we really struggled. Plus we're not dessert people so I'm afraid wasted on us and we didn't manage to finish.

By that time, too late for coffee so finished it off with a wee whisky in the drawing room. The whisky selection is ok but we're whisky buffs so probably hard to please. 

It was a truly stunning experience and I couldn't fault the service, the food, the wine or the surroundings. The only downside was the lateness of it all but I guess that's our fault for going for the late seating. It was about 12.30 by the time we finished dinner which is a bit late for us. In hindsight, I would go for the early one. 

Although I would call this a once in a lifetime experience, I really hope it isn't!
