Zl6csaZ5HBka3SKBphHXrQ I went to Midi Bistro last night for dinner during Winterlicious 2014 for a set course meal with a large group of friends and now I've been coerced, menaced and compelled into writing my first Yelp review. What can I say? Peer pressure works!
First of all, a large group is probably not the best way to experience this place. Not that they had any issues handling us, but the bistro is relatively small and the decor, atmosphere, etc. make this place seem more suited to a quiet meal with a few friends or as a date restaurant. They did handle a large group well, however, and the bistro was comfortable, modern, and well kept. Service was attentive and polite.
Starter was sautéed mushroom and blue cheese crostini (think bruschetta, but with a lot of mushrooms instead of tomato) and it was surprisingly delicious. I didn't think the mushrooms would be intense enough as a topping, but the blue cheese and other sautéed flavours worked well together with the mushrooms as a base.
The main course, and clear highlight of the meal, was pork tenderloin with a sweet mushroom brandy glaze/topping. Usually when I get tenderloin it's cooked with some sort of apple based/or savoury sauce, so I was curious how this would turn out. The sweet topping/glaze was amazing and I'd go back here for this alone: it complemented the perfectly cooked and tender (haha) tenderloin. It made the vegetable mix taste pretty amazing by proximity too. 
After a superb main, I was a little let down by the desert. I ordered the profiteroles pastry with vanilla ice cream and hot chocolate sauce. The pastry element was tiny and underwhelming...sort of like a soggy pancake. Also, the 'hot chocolate sauce' was more than likely nesquick. Meh.
Overall, it was not mind blowing, but the food was all prepared well and I could see myself bringing a date here in the future.
WHAT!? No half stars Yelp. Haha, fine. I'd be inclined to go with something around 3.5 stars, but seeing as how this is my first review (and on the strength of the pork tenderloin) I'll round up...
