Zl6csaZ5HBka3SKBphHXrQ Winterlicious round 2 tonight at Midi Bistro. Had been here for Summerlicious as well - funny enough, the exact same menu. The service was pretty standard, nothing spectacular. There was one server and as it got busy he became less attentive. The service was slow. The bread that was served was cold (a pet peeve of mine) but delicious.

Midi is a very small restaurant - maximum seating capacity is probably about 25 people. 

I went with my family in tow. We ordered the escargot, Midi salad and soupe du jour (roasted red pepper) to start. 

The roasted red pepper soup was very tasty. A fiery taste from the roasted red peppers with a hint of acidic tomato flavor. A great way to warm up from the chilly weather! The escargot were very yummy basking in a mushroom cream sauce. It was not greasy which was a nice departure from the oily, rubbery escargot from other dining establishments in Toronto. The escargot were very soft, not like the usual rubbery slime you'd get.  The Midi salad was served up with mixed greens, prosciutto, walnuts and vinaigrette. I found the saltiness of the prosciutto to be too overpowering. The vinaigrette however was very nicely done.

On to main courses... We had the confit de canard and poisson du jour, which was a cod provencale.  The fish was very tender and flaked off the fork with ease. The provencale sauce kind of tasted similar to my roasted red pepper soup lol. The vegetables were really tasty. It came with green beans and another pale yellow vegetable that tasted like bamboo shoot... I should've asked what it was.  The duck was perfectly seared and had a really nice roasted taste to it. The meat did melt off the bone, but not as tender as duck confit I've had in the past. 

The desserts were a little disappointing. We ordered the profiteroles, Creme Brulee as well as Poached Pears.  When I think of poached pears, I think warm and soft. The poached pears at Midi were not poached to perfection. In fact it wasn't poached long enough. I had to fully attack it with my spoon to finally eat it. It was served with vanilla ice cream. A good poached pear should consist of a slightly warm pear that would melt the ice cream to make the flavors mesh together. The profiteroles were also a disappointment. The choux pastry was horrible. Not light and airy but hard and dry. Their profiteroles are also made with ice cream - not the soft, melt-in-your-mouth creamy centre. I would've enjoyed a frozen President's Choice one just as much. The only thing that was good about this dessert was the chocolate fudge sauce.  Finally the Creme Brulee, again disappointing. Not creamy or smooth enough for my liking, and bland. 

The coffee was pretty good. Bold and intense coffee flavor. However, they didn't have any cream left so that was a downer. All in all, good value for what you pay but that's not really saying much. Perhaps I will try the restaurant again when Winterlicious is over. Their food is great, but next time I'll go elsewhere for dessert... And coffee.
