Zl6csaZ5HBka3SKBphHXrQ My wife and I came here on October 21st at 6:30PM for the first time with a Buytopia voucher. 

My wife had a mushroom and leek soup to start which was good. 4/5. I had the escargot in a cream sauce to start which was also very good, albiet too salty. The escargot were not overcooked and the mushrooms they were served with were great. 4/5.

We both had the lamb shank for our entrees. It was tender and a good size and both the shank and sauce were good. It was served with vegetables and fries (frozen not fresh fries, but tasty, very similar to McD's). My only reservation was that the entire dish with the exception of the fries was lukewarm. It was as if it had been sitting out for at least 15 minutes prior to being served for us (or not reheated properly if it was previously cooked). I would order it again granted it came out hot. 3.5/5. 

We both had the tarte tatin for dessert. It was great. 4.5/5

On a food basis we both agreed we would come back again without a voucher. However when we went to pay the server told us he could not accept our voucher as we did not tell him prior to ordering that we had one. We clearly told the man we spoke with on the phone 3 hours earlier when making the reservation that we had a voucher. The instructions on the voucher are as follows:

Instructions: 1) Call merchant for appointment or availability 2) Print out voucher
and bring to establishment 3) Present to the cashier when ready to pay 4) Remember
to tip on original value 5) Enjoy!

Not only did we tell them ahead of time (which is not a requirement per the voucher), we followed the instructions on the voucher itself. In the end after an argument and waiting five minutes the server decided to honor it. 

The last thing that really added to our poor service was the server putting an automatic 15% gratuity on our bill based on a bill price of $89 (the "full price" quoted on the coupon). The regular price for our prix fixe menu that night was $25 each as it is a Monday - Tuesday special for a total of $50 + tax. Given the poor service I would have tipped less than $13 but I was not in the mood for a second argument.  

NOTE TO MANAGEMENT: Don't argue with customers who are likely trying out your restaurant for the first time (especially when they are right). Secondly, don't put an automatic gratuity on a party of two, especially after giving poor service. We would have come back without a voucher but you've now lost our business forever; very shortsighted.
