zqNgwQjj0_XAll-neGikIw We called ahead on Friday to ask if they could accommodate us as a group of 10 on a Saturday morning. They very graciously took our information and let us know they'd be ready for us. We weren't aware at the time that it was a sort of quick service type eatery (order at the counter and they deliver to your table) however, that worked so well because we were a large group but paying separately.

The food was amazing. I stole a bite of my daughters' croissant and wow! Melt in your mouth good! Not super crusty and dry but chewy and flaky and amazing. I shared an omelet with my mom, which was served with these great hashbrowns (the kind that are crispy and crunchy on the outside and soft and tender on the inside) as well as a side salad with a light ranch. All was very good. The veggies were very fresh (spinach, mushrooms and peppers) and the eggs were organic. 

I also had one of those cream puffs that are shaped like a swan. So good! Some kind of amazing caramel layer at the bottom that was incredible! My iced latte was ok. Not overly sweet but it was almost too weak. Not their fault because she did tell me they could do a double if I wanted. 

What was cool was that while we were seated and being served our food, some of us added additional sides and things to our meals and they were kind enough to do that without us having to go back to the counter. So when we were done, and ready to ask for some croissants and macaroons to go, we paid for the additional items. 

The staff was all awesome and friendly. Downside on the set up is that with the paying ahead, I tipped only 15%, which is appropriate for a place like this for brunch. But they were so great, I would have tipped 20% had I paid at the end. 

To go we grabbed a couple of macarons. We didn't care for the sea salt caramel but I loved the chocolate. I also wish I had asked for more croissants to go. Also, they were out of chocolate croissants, which was a bummer. 

It wasn't overly crowded which tells me this jewel hasn't quite been discovered yet. I wish we lived closer to be able to take advantage of that. :( But on the other side, I'll look forward to visiting when we head up to Scottsdale for whatever reason. 

*** I just remembered that I had ordered an almond croissant in place of a chocolate one to be served with our breakfast and they never brought it. ;( BUT I'm pretty sure they undercharged us when we added croissants and macarons at the end, so I suppose it evens out. :)
