zqNgwQjj0_XAll-neGikIw This place is so so stinkin adorable, hidden and unsuspecting in a strip mall of blandness. Who would ever think there's a gem amidst a Subway, bikram yoga studio and Fry's grocery store? Exactly. You miss it unless you are a foodie following the scent of bliss...And well, I have a weakness for French -  French food, French people, French kissing. Can you tell yet?

Every time I frequent here, it transports me to a time of romanticism that just leaves one smiling. It's never short of cute couples canoodling or sweet hand holding. How can I not sit and soak that up?!?!! If you ever feel alone, just come here and drop the Harlequinn book. The patio is lovely for coffee and conversation and inside draws you in with the colorful placemats adding so much whimsy and cheeriness. You can catch the specials board outside greeting you and letting your wallet anticipate the tab. I think it's unfair to say this place can be pricey when people are comparing it to a basic Denny's breakfast or Good Egg omelette. You don't come here for that. 

It is one of my favorite neighborhood spots, probably because I could run home and rid myself of the guilt for consuming too much, if that's such a thing with food. They serve local coffee from a roaster up in Cave Creek so I am already smitten. I will say every time I've been here, they are always out of chocolate croissants. Whoever is taking all of them, you are on my radar to hunt down!!!! Seriously the baker needs to make more than a handful. It's ridiculous that you are out before mid morning. Shameful to us devotees. Hands down the french toast is incredibly uh-mazing. I love that it's crustless and the sauce makes me seriously want to dip myself in it and lick for hours. 

What I love is that they offer more than just  breakfast items which makes me such a frequent patron here. Not going to lie, I wasn't as impressed with the sandwich selections, especially on a month where I did meatless challenge. Your only option was the brie sandwich and that was not filling enough. Pretty but little substance and I'm more about content. I can't wait to try the lamb or mussels on my update review so hang tight for that!

It's only short a star because I haven't done dinner here and the service can be spotty. My first time, the pregnant server was such a doll. On another return, I met the server that everyone complained over. I think she's just very French and it's not necessarily bad service. I guess I don't expect my servers to be doting over me but when they do, I certainly take note and tip well for their customer delighting skills.
