zqNgwQjj0_XAll-neGikIw Allons-y to Merci! Attended my first International Supper Club here; much thanks to the lovely Monica O. for setting it up! The interior is adorable, with crystal chandeliers and French inspired accents on the wall. The menu is a mix of baked goods, sandwiches, salads, soups, and in the evenings from Wednesday to Saturday they offer a selection of entrees for dinner.

After browsing through the menu I decided to be as French as I could be (Without the miming and the funny little hats), ordering the French onion soup ($8.50) and the salade nicoise ($11.25). The soup came out first, piping hot, with a cheesy mixture of cheddar and swiss on top, slightly caramelized. It was salty and rich, but I wasn't a big fan of the crouton (Which was a tad too gummy tasting for me when it came out) and the cheese (I like Gruyere better as the topping). The broth itself was decent, but I recently ate at Coup des Tartes which has an amazing French onion soup which this version doesn't quite compare to. This version was more one dimensional and thus had a less rounded taste to it. There were also less caramelized onions in this version.

The salad came out and looked like a tub of greens it was so big! It was filled to the brim with crisp vegetables, mixed greens, olives, tuna, and a side of creamy dressing. Looking at photos of other versions of salade nicoise I was surprised this one was so creamy, since the tuna was more like a creamy tuna salad, and the dressing wasn't very vinaigrette-like. I think I would have preferred a more traditional version of this salad, one that was more tangy than creamy. To each their own though!

We ended the meal sharing a rum baba and the special dessert of the moment, the mogador. The rum baba was a dense cake soaked in a light sugary rum sauce. I loved the candied citrus in the cake. The more I ate of it though the more it got too sweet for my taste buds though. The mogador was interesting. I enjoyed the combination of raspberry with chocolate, but the whipped topping didn't really have a lot of flavor and was hard, approaching frozen status in the center.

Overall I had a lovely night though. Much thanks to the restaurant for providing the ideal venue to have great conversations with other Yelpers while enjoying French food.
