ZrHU8ZzwZQjTRpB1K_8JTQ Dinner here tonight was simply divine. I'm visiting here from Hawaii to see my mom, so we were looking for something local and nice, but not pretentious. As soon as we entered, we were stoked at our choice and cooed at the charming and comfy decor. The host was charming, friendly, and cute too!  We were seated by a window on the second floor, and our waitress was attentive and kind. Great service the whole way through.

We started the meal out with a cheese plate. Now, not to sound too fancy, but I spend every summer in the south of France, so cheese plates are something that rarely impress me in the states. But this cheese plate was something different.

The chef must understand something spectacular about the chemistry of taste. Not only did they select fresh and flavorful local cheeses, but everything was paired perfectly with whole grain mustard, homemade chutney, and fresh ginger. While most restaurants will skimp at this point and serve water crackers, the plate also came with delicious crisp bread crackers that were a perfect palate for the varying tastes on the plate to come together. My mom and I couldn't help but exclaim after every bite--HOLY CRAP GINGER/MUSTARD/CHUTNEY/LOCAL CHEDDAR IS SO GOOD WHO DID THIS THEY DESERVE A NOBEL PEACE PRIZE. Luckily we were there early enough so there weren't too many people around to judge us as we exclaimed over and over again. Dang, it was just that good.

Sipping a local Middleton beer I was in heaven. My mushroom and kale entree was also carefully and skillfully balanced by what I can only imagine is some mad genius chef with an extra million tastebuds to create something so PERFECT. You know the chef knows their stuff when there's no need for salt or pepper at the table--the roasted heirloom veggies, rice, and cream basically had a fiesta in my mouth. Who would have thought a mushroom and kale tart would have rocked my world so hard?

Chef--whoever you are--you are a mad genius. I myself am an amateur chef of sorts, and your cooking made me want to never cook again because I could never make something so delicious. By the time the dessert came around in all of its creme brulee and chocolate tart glory I was already so mind blown I decided to box it up and save it for later. I savored the last moments of the meal with a decadent tawny port and left feeling so content and pleased with the dining experience I want to write the restaurant a love letter. I guess this is the next best thing.

Amazing service. Beautiful decor.  Delicious drinks. MAD GENIUS chef. I don't live here, but if I did, I'd be back all the time. This is world-class food. I'll be dreaming of it for a long time.
