ZrHU8ZzwZQjTRpB1K_8JTQ If you're looking for a beautiful rustic dining setting, you'll get it here, but that's where this restaurant peaks. We visited on a Monday night, so things were rather quiet, which made it a total mystery why the service moved at a seemingly glacial pace. It took a long time to even get our orders taken. So just keep this in mind if you have less than 2+ hours for dinner. 

Now on to the food. We had the cheese curds as an appetizer because if your in Wisconsin, you're the oldest tavern in Madison, and you have these on your relatively small menu, you should be pretty good. And they were nice. No complaints here. For mains we had the walleye, stamm burger, and the special which was chicken and dumplings. I had read great reviews of the walleye, so it was an obvious choice for us. The hash brown crust wasn't greasy, had a good crisp to it, and the fish was nicely done. But it honestly didn't blow me away, and it was all of our least favorite of the entrees. It just wasn't memorable (the beans on the side were more interesting). The stamm burger came with mashed cheese curds, so who's not going to give that a second look? And...the description was the most exciting part of the dish. We ordered it medium rare, and it came at least well done, but besides that, it was still kinda uneventful. Then the chicken and dumpling. This was shocking compared to the other dishes because there was lots of flavor. Whaaaaa?! I tried this last, so I was expecting complete milk toast, especially since the appearance looked meh. But I was tricked! I enjoyed this quite a bit, however, if there was a grain more of salt in it, I swear it would've said it was too salty. You'll definitely need some water with this one, but i still enjoyed it. Oh, which reminds me, at this point, the whole table of ten was out of water, and I think we all regretted not asking for two full glasses at the beginning of the glacial service. 

Once we got to desserts, I think we all were either not impressed enough to try deserts, or just not willing to invest another hour to get it, so none of us ordered anything. But they surprised the birthday boy with us with a free brownie dessert. I think it's near impossible to make a bad brownie, and theirs was good. 

All in all, we all pretty much concluded that it was fine, but that none of us would ever go back. Kind of a bummer because it seems like it has so much potential, but the food was just lifeless.
