ZrHU8ZzwZQjTRpB1K_8JTQ This was a weird dining experience. We were seated upstairs, and the place is gorgeous, but the noise level is so high we were literally yelling at each other to be heard. It was exhausting trying to have a conversation. The menu is very limited as others have mentioned. We started with drinks - for me a vodka gimlet with olives and my date had a Spotted Cow. To their credit, the beer is ice cold. My gimlet was weird. The waitress asked if I wanted it in the rocks and I said yes please, with olives. Twice I said with olives. It came with one giant ice cube in the glass and the olives arrived separately a little later? It tasted OK but just wondering what the deal was with one ice cube? I saw other people with normal amounts of ice in their glasses.

We both ordered the fish fry. The menu said "white fish from Bayfield, Wi, potatoes, cole slaw, pickles and tartar sauce." We received a basket of four rather non descript rolls before our dinner arrived. When the food runner brought our dinner the tartar and pickles (3 tiny pickled items for the two of us) and a squeeze bottle of a brown liquid (vinegar?) were on a separate plate. I asked the runner what it was and she said "it is my first night, but let me find out for you" that would have been great but she never came back. The fish was delicious! Piping hot, lightly breaded, and a large piece. No choice of potato, the meal came with some type of roasted cubed potatoes. I did not care for them. The tiny pickled items are a mystery to me. Not sure why they were there or why there were 3 tiny ones for 2 people to share? Cole slaw was very tasty. Fish fry dinner = $16. Thought that was a bit pricey but at least the fish was really tasty.

Our waitress was mediocre. Don't think she ever cracked a smile. She did not give us bad service, just not real personable. She failed the water test. I had to ask for my water to be refilled and it never got refilled after that. Water had barely any ice in it either. Not sure why we were denied our ice in our beverages, but it was 90 degrees the night we were there!

We decided on the way out we would not return. The noise level is way too loud to have an enjoyable evening out and the menu is so limited. The remodel is very pretty to their credit.
