4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw Me: Is that the line for Le Buffet?
He: Yep

Not willing to wait in a long ass line for buffet food, even though this city is where buffets are the norm, we walked up to the front and decided to eat lunch here.  Christmas is just a day around these parts, so the inside wasn't crowded.  We opted for the patio and got a street side table where we could see the water show at Bellagio.

Bottle of Cotes du Rhone - check
small loaf of hot bread - check

Feels like we're in Paris without the long ass plane ride.  The only difference is, although it's not so obvious, they do want to turn the table.

The crispy crab cake appetizer came with a jicama and cucumber slaw.  It was good, but could have used a little less breading.  The specials sounded great and I first ordered the sandwich, but the partner ordered the steak frites with the brandy peppercorn sauce because there were three to choose from.  Looking over the menu again, there was a caramelized onion and red wine sauce....SOLD!  The steaks were cooked to order, a little tough, but good.  The partner said he expected more peppercorns.

The frites were interesting.  More like large potato shreds fried crispy, so sort of like a cross between a fry and a chip.  I thought a little more arugula on the plate would've been nice.  We enjoyed our meal so much, we came back for dinner a couple days later.  We pretty much ordered the same.

Except, I had the filet mignon with merlot butter,  and the partner had the caramelized onions.  We shared a butter lettuce and crispy apple salad.  This also came with grilled beets and goat cheese, and was very tasty.  And then our over indulgence kicked in and we had the chocolate mousse, creme brulee, and a trio of ice cream in pastry.  So a buffet of desserts...LOL!

The service was great!  Attentive and friendly.  The view of the street is by far the best part.  Watching all walks of life going by was interesting.  It may not be the real Paris, but it's close enough and cheaper to get to.
