4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw If there's something I developed a taste for over the last couple of years, it is definitely French cuisine. My girlfriend loves everything French, especially the food. I decided to take her here for our two year anniversary and I can't say that my expectations weren't met. The menu isn't a run-on book, it's a one page array of all things tasty. Les Poissons (hee hee hee, hah hah hah) looked and smelled fantastic. The wine was affordable per glass. We ordered the "Frangria," the French version of Sangria which was quite the punch.

I have this weird sense of things where I judge a place I eat by what they give you for free, in this case the bread. Naturally, we sat down and were greeted with a French baguette accompanied by some delicious butter and an amuse bouche, which was some kind of pickled apple concoction. The bread was delicious, it's lead me to one of those moments where I said "I could just come here for the bread" and this was no lie. All of that was delicious. We were discretely told about the menu and placed our orders, which came out warm and fresh right away.

I ordered the Beef Wellington, the house special on Sunday and my girlfriend ordered the Steak Bordelaise. My beef wellington was.....nucking futs delicious. I've always wanted to try a wellington and oh my gosh was it delicious. The beef was tender and succulent, cooked just the way I like it. The generous portion of beef was surrounded by a puff pastry which was to die for. The wellington was served with a sautéed spinach and garlic side, which was on point. I tried some of the steak my girlfriend ordered and it was, you may as well write the rest of this, AMAZING. The food was cooked perfectly and the portions were just enough to get me  full to the brim. 

To make matters "worse," we order the Bananas Fosters Crepes for dessert. Gluttony became our ruler at this point as we shoveled this behemoth of a dessert down our bellies completely satisfied with the meal as a whole. My only gripe was that our waitress was a little inattentive once we got our food. As we didn't see her from the moment we got our food till we were done, looking around for her to come by. Regardless, that would not be the deciding factor if I come back because I definitely will. 

Gentleman, if you have a date and you want to impress her, go on and take her here. We sat inside but I hear the patio is just as nice. This is a great place for tourists and LOCALS alike.
