_cjPEH9wXhKS-HQe_U3M4Q Unfortunately I will have to ruin this streak of exceptional reviews. My wife and I have walked by this place many times and it is usually always busy around dinner time. The fact that they name their chef on the menu gives the indication that food will be expensive, but should have delicious flavours.

On their menu they had some items that were framed, indicating that they are a recommended dish. The appetizer was sow's ear, and the main dish was beef tripe. I figured I'd be a little adventurous and give them a shot. The ear was deep fried and cut up so it didn't look like an ear. I would compare the taste of it to a chewier deep fried bacon. There is nothing "gross" about the plate, so you could give it a shot. My dinner dish I really didn't like.  Tripe is actually part of the stomach (which I didn't know before hand), and I found this to be very fatty. There seemed to be more fat than meat. I have no doubt this is how it should be but I cannot stand fatty meat. That one is my bad.

My wife went with the price fix menu which included a salad, mushroom risotto and desert. For dinner they have this deal for $35 and in between lunch and dinner they have this same deal for $20. On their online menu it states the $20 and when we got there we found out the real price. My wife really liked the risotto except for the black hair that came with it from the kitchen (and neither my wife or I have black hair). This hair wasn't noticed until after a few forkfuls, and when we alerted the waiter he took the dish back to be replaced. What ticks me off is the fact that she didn't get her meal again until mine was done, and all they did was replace the dish. For that kind of money and the inconvenience of eating together yet separately, I felt some other sort of compensation was warranted (like a free desert). But all we got was an apology and a new plate. I'm not one to raise a stink because it's not the waiter's fault, but I was expecting more.

I would like to give this place another shot to give it a better review when I actually order something I would like, but I can't get over the hair in the risotto.
