_cjPEH9wXhKS-HQe_U3M4Q This hidden spot along Wellington was the location of a friends recent surprise birthday dinner. It's gorgeous looking, sophisticated and they serve great food. 

Fair warning, if you're a large group beware of the stuffy geriatric patrons who frequent this place on the regular, they can (and are) extremely rude to younger folks (such as our group) who were celebrating a birthday AND a surprise engagement. Seriously, one particularly sweet piece of heaven walked up to the new bride to be as she showed off her ring and told her to contain her excitement a little as there were other people eating... really? Oh and the old guy who told us to "keep our broads in line" - classy :-/

Thankfully, I must give it up to the staff of Le Select, they turned this potential series of confrontational night ruining events, around quickly as they offered us a private dining room towards the back for our group on account of the celebrations. I know this was more to keep the other patrons happy but we appreciated their efforts to maintain our happiness as well (rather than tell us to shush).

Once the craziness has settled down, we to settled in for some french fare! I was excited because the center portion of the menu listed multiple kinds of Steak Frites and I hadn't had this dish since my days in Paris back in 2010!

Given the smaller sizes of some of the cuts of meat, myself (and several male members of my group) opted for the larger, more adventurous Bison steak frites. Even while writing this now my mouth waters as it was one of the best cooked and most tender cuts of meat I'd had in awhile, served with veggies it was delicious! And the frites (fries), shoestring and crispy - almost giving McDonalds a run for their money (just kidding these were way better than McD's)!

They had a great selection of wine, spirits and the boys got into the scotch and bourbon pretty heavy, making the night even better! Service was impeccable and the prices (for a French restaurant) were extremely fair. 

Gentlemen, mark this as go to Toronto date spot, I'd even recommend the romantic rear garden patio at night which has fountains and gardens lit up for the special romantic night you've got in the works!

Au Revior! Eatcrest.
