4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw Well, with 1800+ reviews, I'm not sure if mine will make too much of an impact, but here goes! 

My 4-star rating is in regards to their lunch-- I've never dined here for dinner, but I have heard good things about that as well.

No matter the day, try to make reservations if at all possible, especially if you're planning on eating around 11:30-1:00. They have beautiful seating on the patio and in the "bubble" -- like an atrium, this area is covered by glass with great views of the strip. This is our favorite location to eat in the restaurant as I personally feel that service can suffer farther out on the patio.

Into the food:
Appetizers: 
Their Sea Scallops Gratinées is a completely flawless dish-- tender scallops served in a sort of seashell presentation, topped with a carmelized onion marmalade, mussel cream, and carmelized fennel(?). While this normally would not appeal to me in the slightest, this is probably the dish I look forward to most when coming to Mon Ami Gabi! These are downright delicious and should definitely not be passed up. I believe there are 3 in an order. 
French Onion Soup: My favorite of all time. Nowhere else have I dined at has surpassed MAG's french onion. I can't even describe it anymore without my mouth watering...a ton of sweet onions throughout is what I love most about this. I can't explain anymore without saying to just get this!!

Main dish:
Warm chicken & brie sandwich: This is quite the item. The chicken is pounded flat and is incredibly tender. The brie is smooth and is a great mix with the green apple slices (also thin) and the spread of carmelized onions (notice the trend with the onions...ha! I love them.) I forget the bread it is on, but it's extremely soft and a perfect match. However, I could pass on their fries. They're so thin, they become crunchy, almost like chips. But, to each their own!
I've had a few others, but this has been my favorite by far. 

Dessert: 
Warm Apple Tatin: Extremely French taste, presentation, etc...I was transported back to France just tasting this. It's difficult to explain this item, but it is a round crust (bottom and sides) and it has baked, carmelized apples in the middle. Served with amaaaaazing whipped cream. Worth every calorie!

Bottom line: One of the best places on the strip for lunch that is decently priced. Give it a shot-- I bet you'll love it!
