4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw My experience was soured by our first interaction with the management staff. The hostess was seating us at a table near the kitchen, which I specifically said I did not want in my reservation request, so I pointed to a table for two near the windows to the patio (which is what I had requested.) She said "sure" but began walking us in a different direction. The manager, who had been standing nearby and overheard my request, began repeatedly yelling a table number at the hostess, and when she didn't immediately respond, he clapped his hands in her face and rudely pointed her to the table I had requested. It was embarrassing for me as a guest to have the manager basically treat the hostess as if she were an animal (perhaps he clapped in her face because he didn't know her name, which is just as pathetic.) I told her "I'm sorry. That was not okay." She was almost in tears, as I'm sure she was humiliated as well.  I can only assume that this is his normal behavior, as I also saw him shoo a busser away from a table in a very degrading manner as well.  In the event that any upper management would like to educate this particular person on the proper treatment of his staff, I would identify him as a thin, taller man in his mid fifties, working on Wednesday, September 4th around 10:30 am. 
My star rating is not based on this experience, rather, it is based on the food. Our server, Ryan, was extremely prompt, knowledgeable, and friendly. Our meals were good, but nothing amazing. My husband had the French toast and I had the eggs Benedict. Neither entree was hot...just warm. My breakfast potatoes (aka hash browns) were barely warm. I assume they would have remade the dishes had we said something, but I really didn't want to wait. The coffee was very weak...like coffee flavored water.
The highlight of the meal was definitely the bacon. (Thank you to Ryan for encouraging me to order it!) It was thick cut, glazed with date syrup(?) It was really good but would have been even better if it was hot!
The ambiance was very nice (view of Bellagio and the strip and it was light, bright and airy) which, I assume, is the reason this restaurant has gotten such high ratings everywhere.
Most of the reason we come to Las Vegas is to enjoy the food, and I would probably not come here again....I would much prefer Bouchon or the breakfast buffet at Caesars Palace.
