4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw The Skinny: better for dinner than lunch or brunch (3), service: solid but nothing special (3), value: overpriced given the location but not a terrible spot for dinner and a view of the Bellagio fountains (3).

The hubs and I come here every once in a while as a part of the Lettuce Entertain You club member. Every year, they send birthday gift certificates and discounts off meals at their restaurants in town (El Segundo, Strip burger, Joe's Stone Crab, Mon Ami Gabi, Eiffel Tower restaurant) during the summer months.

We've used the coupon for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Of the three meals, I give the edge to dinner in terms of value. First things first though - use Opentable to make reservations. Given the location and moderate Strip price point (although kind of pricey still), Mon Ami Gabi can be hopping depending on which day you decide to come.

As always, they start you off with a warm baguette and whipped butter which you can definitely fill up on. They also serve a small amount of vegetable salad during dinner - once it was an apple/radish dish, another it was a carrot salad.

I must admit, I am kind of boring when I come here to eat and rarely deviate from my routine. I am not usually this bad but this is because in terms of portion size (they tend to be skimpy on serving sizes here)/price point and yum factor, this dish is probably your best bet. I usually get the Chicken Grand-Mere which is a half roasted cornish hen, sauteed mushrooms and lardons, with mashed potatoes for $23.95. The chicken skin a perfectly crispy while the meat is tender and moist. The mushrooms with lardons are a nice combination which goes well with the buttery mashed potatoes. Standard fare but executed well.

The hubs will either usually get the skate wing or the special of the day which rotates based on the day of the week. The skate wing is truly delicious for $25.95 - if you haven't had it, you should try it.

Our last venture, he had the Friday special which is dover sole lightly pan fried in butter with slightly wilted spinach and roasted potatoes. The dover sole was very good albeit areas were a bit over salted. The spinach was okay. The roasted potatoes were delicious and sported a nice crispy exterior.

We also came on a Sunday where he ordered the beef wellington special. The beef wellington was okay in my books - the puff pastry didn't really hold up to the moisture of the meat and mushroom duxelle. As well, the meat was a bit overdone from what he had ordered (medium rare was made to medium... this is the tough part about ordering beef wellington).

To be honest, we normally do not go for the steak frites mostly because I am not a fan of their frites (more of a potato chip texture than fries per se) and from the looks of other table's dishes, the portion sizes of the steak are small.

Overall, if you are coming for a view of the Bellagio fountains, this is an inexpensive way to have dinner with a view at reasonable prices for the Strip. The food is okay and portion sizes are a bit smaller than what you'd expect for the price. Dinner is definitely more reasonable than lunch or breakfast in terms of value and execution.
