4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw I've never dined in Paris before, but from what I would picture, this would be pretty close. Mon Ami Gabi is such a cute French restaurant, and if you can get patio seating, it's pretty cool outside! I went for brunch with my family, so I'm not sure what dinner is like (hence 4 stars), but their service was excellent and the food was terrific.

We actually got patio seating at first, but then the day was so windy that we asked to be seated inside again. They still gave us a seat right next to the window, so the view was almost the exact same. =) 

We ordered a cream of oyster soup with a hint of saffron and something else. It was really cute how they brought it out. The waitress carried out a huge shallow bowl and a kettle and poured the soup into the bowl from the kettle! What a unique way of keeping soup warm...at least that's the first time I've seen it like that! She also brought out 4 spoons for us to share the soup. And it's sharable, believe me. It was really yummy too, and I'm not an oyster fan. But the color of the soup was almost like it wasn't cream, but butternut squash puree or something. The consistency wasn't as chunky though, but it was light and filling. Their French bread with the soup was a good pairing as well.

My mom got the chicken, spinach, and brie crepe and that thing was enormous! It was good too, but maybe could have been more savory. Perhaps because brie isn't very salty as a cheese. My dad got the quiche lorraine, which the server recommended over the leek and butternut squash quiche, and I'm glad she did because it really was good. It wasn't too dense, but of course I'm sure if my dad didn't share, it would have been overwhelming. And it wasn't just a slice either; it was an entire mini-quiche. I think this was my favorite. The cream + cheese and bacon and onions were amazing!

My sister got a chicken BLT sandwich and it came with these waffle fries, which my mom and dad loved. I wasn't such a big fan because they were a little too oily for my liking, but they had a good crisp to them . Her sandwich was really good though! And it was actually really filling too. I ordered a salmon...something with salad. haha And it was good, but I mean, how hard is it to mess up on salmon? The salad had a good dressing to it and it wasn't too overpowering.

Overall, it was a delightful and refreshing brunch with very nice servers! It also wasn't terribly overpriced. I think our total bill came to be a little less than $85. =)
