4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw I have been traveling to Vegas since the mid 90's at least 2 or 3X a year for business and pleasure, and nothing compares to a meal at Mon Ami Gabi! Hands down this is one of my favorite places to dine when I am in town, and I can honestly say I have never been disappointed. This classic French bistro serves magnificent food in a wonderful atmosphere, and at a fair price. Thier position on the strip also offers a terrific view of the Bellagio.

As soon as I boarded my flight from NY this morning my mouth was drooling with anticipation. Thier steak frites are absolutely amazing, and will melt in your mouth with orgasmic bliss. I knew that I would be dining alone tonight, so I did not even make a reservation as the bar area is a great spot to eat here, especially the one out facing the strip with a view of the Bellagio water show. I just winged it and ended up with a prime spot sitting and conversing with other single visitors in town enjoying a meal at the bar.

I ordered  a glass of Pinot Noir, and chose the Steak Frites Bordelaise. Tender steak sliced thin, almost like a flank steak, with carmelized onions, and a red wine sauce ladeled over the top. Crispy and thin frites with just the right amount of saltiness accompanied the steak. I bit into the first bite and - OH -MY-GOD - I wanted to melt off my bar stool right then and there. The exquisite taste of the steak along with the carmelized onions just put a smile on my face the whole time I was there. I think everyone around me had the same look of satisfaction from what they were eating too. I went absolutely all piggy and finished every bite of steak and frites on the plate. I even soaked up the extra sauce on the plate with this amazing hot mini baguette of crispy bread they serve with the meal.

It was all so good I totally ignored the booming sounds of the water show going on across the street. As I settled up the bill I was glowing in the aftermath of total satisfaction. Just a perfect place to have a great meal in a civilized atmosphere wether it be a date or a group. As I walked down the street back towards my casino hotel I felt as if I was floating two inches above the ground. Drool is already forming at the corner of my mouth writing this review!
