4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw My review is for the brunch service we had received on Sunday, October 8th.

Wait time: 
5 stars. We wanted a patio seat, which is on first-come, first-serve basis. We had a friend show up before us and put her name in. Overall wait time at 930am was only about half an hour, which was to be expected and is probably a little faster than normal, given recent events. :(

Seating:
5 stars. We were seated outside with a great view of the beautiful fountains across the street. We were perfectly shaded.

Quality of Food:
4 stars. I had the blueberry French toast and hash browns, friends had the Quiche Lorraine and the Benedict of the day. All the food was tasty, but I didn't find anything to be very special or much better than most brunch foods.

Value of Food:
3.5 stars. Again, tasty but on the pricier end, about $20-25 per person. You're paying for the ambiance and environment in addition to the food.

Quality of Service:
2 stars. I was really surprised by the lack of quality of service. The presence of the brunch rush does not excuse them because this is a popular, high-end restaurant who should have a well-trained staff to deal with the volume. Our server was pleasant; however, she was overly enthusiastic about clearing our table and ended up removing items I had actually wanted/needed (ketchup, cutlery). A simple question of whether or not she could clear items would have avoided this problem. 

Our server was also unavailable for most of our meal; after waiting for too long, for instance, we ended up asking a random employee for ketchup. It was difficult to tell who had what function and who could help us.

Additionally, we had unusual difficulty getting our water glasses refilled. We saw tables next to us get water, and then the servers would quickly walk away without checking in on us. It was incredibly odd. I mostly felt ignored while we were there.

Overall, I would recommend this restaurant as a place to visit at least once for their brunch experience (especially for the patio view), but I don't feel a strong need to return to it the next time I am in Vegas. If the quality of service were better, I would feel like another visit would be more justified.
