4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw I have vacationed regularly in Vegas for over 15 years and I've eaten at many places on the strip.  Everytime I visit I must eat at Mon Ami.  I absolutely love it and it is, hands down, my favorite restaurant there.

There are lots of great foodie experiences up and down the strip, and it's important to do your research before blowing up your wallet on something that turns out to be underwhelming, which can easily happen.  That's why I always go back to Mon Ami.  It is consistently good, from the food to the service, and their prices are reasonable, particularly when it comes to steak.  At some of the celebrity chef owned steakhouses on the strip, you could easily spend $40-$60 just on the meat without blinking an eye, and what you spend doesn't always match the quality.  The steaks aren't bad, per se, they just aren't, in my opinion, always worth it.

Mon Ami's steaks are terrific - whether you get the steak bordelaise or the filet mignon.  Excellent quality cow, and always cooked perfectly.  They have other offerings, but I always go for the steaks.  Their apps are great, too - I usually go for the escargot, but their oysters are also excellent.  The atmosphere is very cozy, very parisian bistro (as one would expect at Paris), with a fabulous outdoor patio that sits directly across from the Bellagio, so you get a terrific view of the fountains, as well as prime people watching, from this vantage point.  Excellent cocktails and very nice wine selection.

Also, if you're looking for a place to have a private dinner party, Mon Ami is the place.  I wound up having my 30th birthday dinner party there after looking at other options.  A lot of the trendy hot spots required you to have a set/limited menu starting at ridiculous prices.  At Mon Ami, there was an expected minimum to spend for the bill, but my guests could order whatever they wanted, which was important to me.  The private room was absolutely perfect - held about 20 people comfortably and had large glass windows with a perfect view of the Eiffel Tower and the Bellagio fountains - what a magical setting!  

Mon Ami is also a place that shouldn't be overlooked for breakfast/brunch.  Wonderful selection of sweet and savory, from crepes to omlets - and, if you go for an early breakfast or late lunch, you have a much better chance of getting a patio table.  Even if you have reservations, it's always first come first served for the patio, and the wait can be very long at peek hours.

For wheelchair users, the aisles in the restaurant are wide and spacious with lots of room to navigate.  The tables are aptly spaced, which makes seating comfortable.  The patio can be tight when it's crowded, but definitely take advantage of it during off times.  It's worth the view.
