4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw I am a novice when it comes to finding places to eat in Vegas.  I only know of the buffets and even then only 2 real good buffets.  So when it came to choosing a fairly priced lunch spot, my sister and I relied on one of those tourist guides found on hotel info kiosks.  We didn't want to do the usual food court joints so we were happy to read in a booklet... a $$ Frenchy cafe with outdoor seating and a view of the Bellagio fountains.  Yes, that is the one!

We were seated quite promptly during peak lunch hour and fairly center for a great outdoor view.  Service was prompt and very attentive.  My Pinot Gris needed a bit more time to chill, but otherwise it was a nice brunchy buzz.  My sis's Bellini seemed to have given her a nice punch too as she got light headed after 2 sips.  ;)  Which called for immediate noshing on our warm baguette and butter.

We got the Chicken Liver Mousse Pate w/ red wine mustard.  It came with toasted baguettes, pearl onions, and those baby pickles.  All were great accompaniments to the rich, savory pate.  I really liked that sweet n sour condiments with the livery taste.  

My bacon quiche was extremely smooth and cheesy.   The crust was perfectly flaky too.  I cant stand a dense, dried out quiche with some basic ham... this simple dish was definitely prepared with care.  Sis had the shrimp and scallops crepe.  Also delish!  Seafood was not overcooked like it could have easily have been..  The cream sauce was very flavorful and the crepe worked great to soak it all up.  Portions were generous so we were nice and full. 

Ambiance is great here... sure it isn't the exact feeling of a real French cafe... what with fat tourists with those outrageous 2 feet long Long Island Ice tea drinks walking by staring at us.  But the service here makes a good effort in making you feel at ease so you ignore the noontime drunkards and Celine Dion's "My Heart Will Go On" choreographed to 10 story high water squirts.  

So now I know where to dine in Vegas... Wynn Buffet, Bellagio Buffet, Rio Buffet, and here.
