4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw "the most DIGUSTING service from your server Sasha and the bussers"


**wrote to the President of the restaurant and never received a follow up either**

Long overdue review from April 2017, but I am still disgusted by the service we received from that obnoxious waitress Sasha (long reddish blonde hair in a high bun, thin, late 20s, black square rim glasses) and the bussers, whom had the decency to hang around next to our table when Sasha picked up the rejected dish and announced that I did not know the difference between porterhouse and steaks. Dirty looks from the bussers followed. Our whole table heard that I specifically asked if the porterhouse serving for the evening would be beef or not, as the menu was mostly dedicated to beef steak. When I asked Sasha that she informed me that the porterhouse would be beef (which was also the reason why I ordered it in medium rare), she adamantly said that she would never say that. She also said that I should not have spoken to the other bussers, as they did not know any better (talking about putting down your co-workers). She then threw me the menu and said that she would come back to take my order again. That was when she took the porterhouse and announced to other bussers about her "stupid" guest. She came back later and asked what I would like. I pointed to the menu and asked what were the difference between the 2 steaks on the menu besides the sauces. She rolled her eyes and said that there was no difference, except for the sauces. I was extremely upset at her attitude and manner. I asked immediately to speak with a manager. She slowly went to a female manager Sarah, explained herself, and left. The female manager stated that the establishment was a high end steakhouse and that they pride themselves over excellent customer service. She said she was not present during my conversations with the waitress so she could not absolutely say who was at fault. She took my order for a steak, and did not check in with us for the remaining evening. Another server Chanel stepped in and was attentive to us for the evening. I applaud her as she knew how furious we were.

Not only was Sasha's behavior extremely rude and she also belittled other bussers, she also denied her behavior & argued with guests, never showed an apologetic attitude, not to mentioned being extremely arrogant in talking bad about guests in front of them. The other service members also behaved poorly in participating in such gossips. I can only sum up that what happened to us reflects how poorly managed and unprofessional this establishment is. For what we went through, I expected Sarah/other managers/ GM, would stop by to check in on us, or at least during billing to apologize again for our terrible experience. I saw that 50% was taken off on our bill without a note or anything, so we paid and I left a big gratuity for Chanel. Honestly, the 50% discount felt insulting. It would have been appreciated if a manager had stopped by and informed us in person and invited us to return next time for a better experience, instead of a 50% off the bill. That would be the difference between superb customer service and "just give them a discount to shut them up and send them off their merry way." We were in Vegas and the establishment for a good time, instead, we were completely insulted and belittled by the service team. We would have gotten much more genuine, sincere, and more polished service from deli, than from this poorly managed and utterly rude establishment.
