4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw I kinda feel bad for giving this place a 3-star rating, but here goes.

I've wanted to try this place forever, and although I knew I should have come here for breakfast, it just wasn't happening with the party I was with.

We came here for dinner on a Friday night, 7 PM.  We had reservations through Open Table, but really, it looked like you didn't need one.

We were seated in semi-outdoor area that was clear but protected from passerby, smoke, etc.  The view of the water show at the Bellagio was great.

Baguettes with a little bruschetta and butter came out.  The food was taking a bit long to come out, so thank goodness that was there.  Our waiter wasn't exactly the most friendly person but at least went through the motions.  The south point for me was when one of the people in my party, a diabetic, asked that his frites be substituted with some green salad or something with his filet mignon.  The waiter told him he couldn't "We don't do that", and said he'd have to order a side of spinach or something on the side and kept saying that they'd charge for it.  Nowhere on the menu did I see "no substitutions," and if there is even a gluten-free menu, I'd expect they'd be a little more considerate in swapping fries for a few measley leaves.

Speaking of measley leaves... another person in my party ordered a caesar salad -- now, these salads aren't cheap -- about $17-$19, and it was honestly one of the smallest I had ever seen -- no crutons, either.  I got the seared ahi tuna salad, which was comparably small with only three pretty small pieces of kind of grey ahi tuna.  I've had this dish at other, less fancy places and got bigger and better tuna.  I didn't really eat a lot of the salad because it otherwise was just average in taste.

To their credit, the chicken dishes, sea scallops, pate mousse, and filet mignon seemed to be enjoyed by the rest of my party.  Of course, everything was smothered in butter, seemingly.  Also, the frites that came with many of the dishes were like shavings of fries and not really good, in my opinion.

I'd come here again for the breakfast, but the dinner was pretty disappointing to me.  I guess we paid for the view.
