4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw I may not been to Paris yet, but dining at Mon Ami Gabi on a lovely night was close enough. Situated with a front row view to Bally's famous water show across the street, my friends and I treated ourselves to a night of great food and company before heading over to the club. 

We made reservations and were seated promptly outside after we requested for a patio table. The atmosphere was lively and bustling and the water show coming on every 15 minutes gave the restaurant a romantic ambiance. Service could not have been better, as our waiter was extremely kind and accommodating enough to run down to grab band-aids for some of us girls who had gotten blisters a little early from our evil high heels. 

For starters, I just had to have the famous French onion soup. I haven't been able to find the perfect French onion soup for a while now, so trying it at an authentic French restaurant seemed like the right place. It came served in a generously deep bowl with plenty of melted cheese brimming on top. Sweet and savory with slivers of caramelized onions and cheese in every sip, I just had to share this with my girl friends. They all had plenty of fun dipping our complimentary bread in the soup. 

For my entree, I'm actually not a huge steak fan so I didn't end up getting the steak, which is what this restaurant is famous for. And I'm sad to say that I slightly regret it. I had the Caramelized Sea Scallops and while they were scrumptious, I have to say that five pieces of medium sized scallops just wasn't enough. It came with some sugar snap peas and carrots on the side but it would have been nice if it came with either another side or a larger portion to round it off. 

The frites (fries) were amazing though, and I would've ordered any of the Steak Frites dishes just to have these. Now if you're familiar with In-n-Out, you know those tiny, crispy slivers of potatoes that are too small to be considered actual fries that happen to taste like potato chips? Try having your entire portion of fries exactly like this! Now that is a dream come true. 

A great alternative for good eating if you don't feel like overstuffing your face at the many buffets on the strip, Mon Ami Gabi is the place to go.
