4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw We originally didn't plan to come to Mon Ami Gabi for dinner but we were caught in the traffic on the Strip and were really hungry so we decided to get off of the bus and pick a random restaurant (not that random since I've bookmarked this on Yelp already!)

The restaurant was pretty packed and we had the choice between sitting at the patio (outdoor) or sitting on bar stools (indoor). I decided to go with the patio because it was really dark inside and the patio had some heater (so I thought it should be able to keep me warm)

Even with the heaters above our heads, winter in Las Vegas was pretty pretty cold! My boyfriend exchanged seat with me because I was cold and he ended up wearing his down jacket for the entire night. 

Before getting our appetizer and main courses, we were served with a complementary carrot salad (?) and a baguette. There was nothing special about the carrot salad..  In fact, I didn't like it much. Their baguette was pretty good and I like how it was warm when it came.

For appetizer, we ordered their Sea Scallops Gratinées (caramelized fennel and onion marmalade, mussel cream). I was debating between scallops and snails (their escargots de Bourgogne) and ended up picking this because I love scallops! On a side note, their escargots looked delicious! I saw some people eating it when I was on my way out and kind of regret not ordering this instead! The scallops were really fresh and tender (not over-cooked). It was so tender and soft that I thought it was under-cooked! But I think I prefer it to be more cooked and maybe pan-seared too. The cheese on top of the scallops added more texture to this dish.

I opted for their Poisson Du Jour, which was Alaskan cod. And I really liked my dish! The fish's texture kind of reminded me of crab meat. My cod was very chewy and fresh! The mushrooms were good too (very well-seasoned)! Although I don't like beans (and there were a lot of beans in this dish) but eating everything together was yummy! 

My boyfriend opted for their Steak Roquefort (blue cheese sauce) The portion was quite big but the steak wasn't "wow wow"... It wasn't bad but I've definitely had better steak elsewhere. Somehow I feel that for that price, I should get a better quality steak.. My boyfriend was disappointed since he thinks The Keg's blue cheese steak is better! Our waitress did recommend us another steak (Filet Mignon Merlot -butter, red wine reduction $32.95) but we didn't want to spend that much, especially when the Canadian dollar is ridiculously low........!

I was debating between giving Mon Ami Gabi 3 or 4 stars but decided to give them 4 because of the view (Bellagio fountains), the atmosphere and the whole dining experience. Our waitress was really sweet and attentive and the view was perfect for a romantic and pre-birthday dinner! 

We did had an incident that scared me so much. There was a random individual on the street who decided to walk straight towards our table. I left my phone next to me while I was eating. I don't know if it was because he saw it and wanted to steal it.. But my first instinct when he approached too close to us was to grab my phone. He then stared at me while I was staring at him and he took our salt and pepper away.. So, just be extra careful, pay attention to your surroundings, do not leave any valuable items on the table or unattended and keep your stuff close to you, especially in Vegas (lots of weird and drunk people)!
