4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw A roulette dealer told me that the food quality in Vegas restaurants has really gone downhill, perhaps due to the rising meat prices. I came here in 2010 and had a lovely steak dinner. This time around I pondered trying something else so I inquired about the scallops. The waitress highly recommended them so I went for it. My friend ordered the chicken grand mere. Bread came promptly and was quite good, accompanied by whipped butter. We sat outside on a Tues early evening under a heat lamp and enjoyed the people watching. It was early enough to get a seat outside (around 6 I believe) as by the time we left the once-empty inside was full. Sadly my scallops, all four of them, arrived cold and were chewy and very bland. The squash purée was a cool temperature and there were only about five brussel sprouts on my plate. Good thing I'd eaten a lot of bread. I sent back the scallops and was told they'd be reheated. The waitress and busboy were very nice and caring. I have nothing bad to say about the service other than the waitress's bad call on the scallops. I was offered a complimentary refill of my rose champagne as I waited for my meal. Meanwhile my friend was pretty happy with his chicken but not in amazement by any means. It was juicy and was a good amount of chicken. Potato purée was tasty as were the roasted garlic and onions. Just don't expect very much of the sides. Scallops came back to me warmer but I had zero love for them. I ate them because I was hungry. They really really needed some kind of sauce. I think I know what rubber soles taste like now. It was my birthday and I was given a profiterole which was tasty. The two meals with two glasses of $11 champagne (not counting my complimentary one) plus tip came to $112. Disappointing since I'd felt like I had to force myself to eat the scallops. No enjoyment at all. Like several other places i revisiting on this trip after great experiences in 2010, I'm crossing Mon Ami Gabi off my list and will search for more consistently good places to patronize.
