4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw My husband and I visited Mon Ami Gabi in Vegas for the first time 2 Saturdays ago. It was during my 1 night/1 day surprise birthday trip, so we stopped in after seeing a comedy show that evening in hopes we'd have a splendid meal. 

Being that it was somewhat late, we were a bit limited as far as restaurant choices went. Normally we hit up buffets, but past 10 p.m. many are closed. So off to this restaurant we went.

We LOVED it! 

We were seated right away, which was nice. They have outdoor seating and indoor, and we were inside, which I prefer. The ambiance was casual, but respectable. It wasn't hoity toity or uncomfortable, it was more fun and could be classified as 'an experience.' The lights were dim when we arrived, and candles were lit on each table. The place was still bustling when we were seated a little past 10.

We were given a mini sized baguette off the bat, with butter and a pickled carrot salad plate courtesy of the chef. While our waiter was very much American, the few servers who brought food and water to our table appeared to be French, though I can't be positive if they actually were or if that is part of their job. My husband and I didn't understand some of things that were said to us until we gave it a few minutes of thoughtful consideration after the fact.... 

"Ohhhh, he said CARROT salad.. Oh okay. Man, I was so confused for a second. Now the world makes sense again."

We started our meal with onion soup. I am a huge onion soup snob. My husband will eat anything labeled 'onion soup,' (including impostors from the likes of po' folk establishments and fast food joints) whereas I, personally, KNOW the proper production imparts a very specific broth color, and I know the appropriate flavorings required to be regarded as somewhat authentic onion soup. This, my friends, met my standards. The bowl was gigantic, so my husband and I shared it, and it was lovely. Onion-y, cheesy, bread-y...... Sigh.

Onion soup... My Love.

For our main courses (Because we're piggies*), he ordered a steak frittes entree, and I ordered a hanger steak frittes entree. Both of our meals arrived in a timely fashion, and came with a huge serving of their version of french fries. They appeared to be pieces of potato shaved off and fried. Crispy in some areas, a good chew in others. Well salted. The steaks were good, but I admit I make a better hanger steak at home. 

---If you haven't tried a hanger steak before, also called a butchers cut, go to Whole Foods and get a couple. They are often lower in fat than other steaks, and they are soft and divine and easy to portion out. I make mine with a smoky spicy marinade, and it is amazing. Amazing like I almost cry when I take my first bite. Every time. 

"Oh my gosh, how did I make something so miraculous? Sniff sniff. It's like my hands are a gift from the heavens, and I was created specifically to make hanger steaks."--- 

Of course, of utmost importance in any civilized person's life is dessert. Basically, I plow my way through meals just to get to dessert. Sometimes, I order dessert for dinner when I go to restaurants, because that's how smart I am. Skip the savory, all that chewing ich! Let me eat cake!

We ordered the "La Grande Profiterole." Or something like that. It was a puff-type pastry, filled with a rich vanilla ice cream, that comes with a vat of fudgy warm chocolate sauce. The server who brought the plate to us first poured a bit of the chocolate sauce on top of the dessert before exclaiming something I still haven't deciphered, and after he left, we poured all of the remaining chocolate over the top of the unfamiliar dessert. 

Chocolate sauce is to dessert what Ketchup or Tobasco is to dinner. Am I right??? I think that's on the SATs. You're welcome, high school kids. 

It was amazing! Delicious! Stupendous! Superb! Excellent! Decadent! Rich! Sinful! The pastry was light and clean, the ice cream was smooth and heavy, the sauce had a deep almost alcohol-infused flavor, though that's just my opinion. Great success!

I cannot wait to go back to this restaurant again in a year. I will salivate as I daydream and relive the memories for the next 12 months. I recommend!

PS - Our waiter was lovely. He was so polite and patient and efficient. And quite tall. 

*Despite our copious food intake, neither of us are unhealthy or pushing any limits with our bodies. We ride bikes for miles every week and eat pretty healthily at home. Yet, I still sleep on a pile of sugar. It's just so supportive.
