4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw My fiancé and I heard about this place while playing roulette at the Cromwell. Our dealer said that anytime there is a special occasion, he always treats his mom to brunch here. Also, another guy who actually worked at the Paris told my fiancé and I that Yelp rated Mon Ami Gabi one of the top 10 places to dine in Las Vegas. We consider ourselves Las Vegas dining connoisseurs at this point we have a dined at all of the hottest spots, or so we thought. Our last day in Vegas, before we hit the road - we always like to treat ourselves to a good, hearty brunch. The night before, we were hanging out at the Paris & decided to look at the place and make a reservation if we liked the way that it looked. The hostesses said that if we got there around 8 AM, we wouldn't need a reservation and that they don't take reservations for the outdoor seating area anyways. We knew we wanted to sit outside so we got there around 8:15 AM the next day. We were able to walk right in and we got, what I believe to be one of the best tables available. Our server greeted us right away and unfortunately I did not get her name as she wasn't wearing a name tag. She told us about the two specials they had available that day. My fiancé and I decided to split the All-American breakfast, add an egg and some avocado. That was more than enough for the two of us. We were originally going to get one All-American breakfast each - but there would be no way either of us could come close to finishing that. The portions are large. Also, the coffee is delicious. Definitely better than your regular diner/café coffee. Our server was definitely on it terms of making sure our coffee was constantly filled. We had some ice water to accompany our meal. The ambience is great. We enjoyed going so early, because it was the middle of July in the desert, had we sat outside later I might be too hot or unbearable. I recommend going early for that reason and also to get the best seat. Sitting outside is definitely what you want. Definitely creates the environment that you're in Europe, more specifically Paris.Our server dropped the check right away, maybe she could since we were in a rush or on our way out. It's a little pricey for brunch but definitely worth it. No pricier than most nice brunch places in Las Vegas. BON APPETIT!
