4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw Une brasserie vraiment français, on the Las Vegas Strip? Mais, bien sur! Having been to France many times, Mon Ami Gabi reminded me so much of a real Parisian brasserie (casual restaurant and drinking establishment).  Especially the open-air tables on the patio facing the Strip, if you are lucky enough to get a table there. Unfortunately, even with reservations (very much needed) you are not guaranteed a table on the patio during meal times. 
Other than our obstructed view of the Bellagio fountains, though, this was a pretty nice experience. It had all the bustle of a real brasserie, and briskly efficient (and even a bit snooty) service from an older French waiter. The special entree of the night, 2 gorgeous lamb chops, was really a standout. Steak au poivre was also very good. I was surprised the duck leg that I ordered was listed as an "appetizer"! It was the biggest, most delicious chunk-o-duck I've ever eaten (a bargain at $12.95)! I added the whipped cauliflower as a side, and not only had to share that around the table; but ultimately had to learn to make it at home b/c my husband liked it so much! 
For dessert, the creme brulee was excellent--in this city, they better be on their A-game with a dessert that every restaurant here offers! (I'm making it my personal mission to try every creme brulee in this town :-) The only thing that was a little weird were the pommes frites: they weren't the hot, salty, shoestring French fries I had in the classic "steak frites" in France; but more like those dry potato sticks one gets in canisters. Some of us liked them, some did not.
Not as expensive as we feared it might be (then again, only one of us had an alcoholic drink).This is NOT the experimental, uber-upscale French; this is casual French, with a lot of "brasserie" standards. 
Again, get reservations! Then decide whether you want to eat inside and have a conversation, or sit outside and absorb the overwhelming experience that is the strip in the evening; because you won't be able to do both.
