9gJjV1uydmM6ncehYn159g Amber Indian Cuisine is the gold standard when it comes to Indian in Madison. Please, this is no slight to the handful of other fantastic Indian restaurants in the Madison area (Swagat, Swad, Haveli, etc.), but Amber has set themselves apart. 

Please note, my experience with Amber is with the lunch buffet only. I have not been here for dinner (on a side note, if any owner of an Indian restaurant is reading this: please make a dinnertime buffet! My wife and I would gladly pay more for a nighttime buffet!). 

It starts with who I believe is the owner (not 100% sure), but the person who greets you at the door really makes you feel welcome. He doesn't say much but he smiles at you and greets you, the customer, as if you were the day's guest of honor and you've finally arrived. I like that guy, kudos if he is the owner. If he's not, they selected their manager/host very well. 

The food's plethora of options is only outdone by its quality. We've been to Amber at least 7 times and each time has been different than the last as far as buffet selection. The staples are there (Tikka masala, biriyani, chana masala, samosa, tandoori chicken, chicken 65, naan, etc.), but they are regularly changing it up and giving you the chance to sample exciting new Indian cuisine. The dishes are packed with flavor, and there are PLENTY of options that are regularly rotated in with freshly-cooked food. 

I also need to add that no matter how full I feel, there's still always room for a hot, soothing bowl of the coconut soup. It is not too sweet and the coconut flavor is there but not overpowering you. It's so simple but the flavor is complex and is always my final 'course' at the buffet. 

I would recommend going earlier in the lunch rush (11:30-12:45), as we've gotten there at or around 2 and have noticed less action on replenishing the food. This is understandable as it's the end of the rush, but other nearby Indian places keep it filled to the brim, it seems, until close to 3pm. 

They have a decent bottled beer selection. I could see that the music and music videos always playing could be seen as annoying to some, but I think the volume is appropriate and I personally enjoy it. 

They offer coupon once in a while (perhaps $2 off a buffet) that we've used. 

I cannot complain about Amber. Please keep up the great work. This reminds me, I need to get back there soon.
