9gJjV1uydmM6ncehYn159g Love this place.  Knocking myself on the head for not visiting sooner. Amber takes the place of the China Wok restaurant which inhabited the space for many years out in Middleton on University Avenue.

I believe I have been to most of the Indian restaurant buffets in the area and this ties for my favorite.  

First, to be sure, I do not consider myself an Indian food connoisseur.  Yet I have been to enough to know what I like and that which I do not believe has been thoughtfully prepared. 

I apologize that I did not take any notes on what I enjoyed during my visit to share with you here. I did not recognize many of the dishes. But I do know they had three varieties of biryani, vegetarian included. They had a grilled shrimp and grilled fish dishes and a fantastic stewed beef dish. I promise that the next time I go I will take good notes so I can report back to you.  On this visit, I was so hungry and so entranced by the variety, clean and well laid out buffet stations that I simply could not pay attention. All I could do was eat. 

At our Friday lunch, they had three main buffet lines with one devoted exclusively to desserts and chutneys.  Awesome sauce.

Perhaps it is a different style of Indian food or from a different region, but I did not notice any samosas or more then one variety of naan bread. Not that I was complaining since the wide selection of other items - - many mysterious yet delicious looking - - captivated me.

The staff was very kind and unassuming.  The space is well lit and warm.  The back seating area is somewhat cramped. Note--those with any mobility challenges may have a little difficulty maneuvering in that area. 

Again, I apologize for the lack of detail here. But, at the least, I do highly recommend a visit, especially for the weekday lunch buffet. Definitely more to follow.

-----
Oops, I did it again.  I couldn't resist and had to return to Amber Indian Cuisine for their lunch buffet today. And just like the last time, I was overwhelmed by the sheer awesomeness of their buffet and was totally unable to take any notes of what they offered and what I had.  My apologies.

On this visit, they had a few new items. Today, their spinach and corn dish included green beans, too. They also had a delicious cheese puffed pastry dish. Return menu items included their grilled shrimp and fish dishes and chicken hyderabad biryani. Same awesomeness.

We had a few cups of chai and a round of mango lassis. All most excellent.

As before, well lit, clean, kind and professional waitstaff.  The restaurant was fairly crowded and it looked like the staff welcome and handle everyone very well. Happy faces abounded.  It also appears that they have a room in the back for private parties. 

As an aside, we took our 20 and 15-year-olds along, who also love Indian food. They agree with their old man about Amber's awesomeness. Totally. (Or whatever it is that the young people say nowadays). 

If the last few hours are any testament to my lunch experience, please consider them.  I was so satiated that when paying, I totally forgot to use a coupon we had found which is quite contrary to my frugal nature. Also, I had to return home suffering a 3.5 hour food coma from which I just awoke. 

In short, Amber's caused me to lose my mind and my consciousness. A successful outing in my book.  

Say, what's for dinner?

-----
Another update for this great restaurant.  They have moved the tables around a little to make access to and from them a little easier for their mobility challenged guests. I think that was very thoughtful and give them a lot of credit and thanks for that sensitivity. 

Oh, and as it has been since my first visit, the food was awesome and fresh; service, polite and  genteel. Of particular note today, cabbage fritters! Crunchy and sublime.  

See you there!

------
Yet another update for one of our favorite spots in Madison.  Stopped in for dinner tonight around 6 PM and had the vegetarian dinner for two.  We really enjoyed it. The special includes samosas, naan bread, rice, your choice of one of their many vegetarian paneers, your choice of two of their many vegetarian curries, and desserts for two. 

For our selections, we chose the tomato and butter paneer, the eggplant curry, and fried okra. For dessert, mango ice cream and kheer. We also ordered the chef's special naan bread which was filled with cheese, onions, garlic and other spices.

As with their buffet items, all of our dinner items were very good and served hot and nicely plated. We had enough for leftovers, partially because of the complementary lentil cracker/bread they serve along with a trio of chutneys.  

Our vegetarian dinner for two provided such a nice variety in the right quantities and for a modest $35, exclusive of tax and tip.  It gets better though.  They bring hot towels to your table after your meal for your use. So nice, cleansing and comforting. 

As always, service was great and genteel. Thank you, Amber!
