9K2FHkajUaTU4P2cfFJmGQ This restaurant was formerly Spice Cafe.  The owners of Spice sold two of their Charlotte locations (the other location off Audrey Kell) to Peacock which is a small chain out of California.

While stopping by Spice Cafe in October to pick up dinner, I was told by the staff that the restaurant had been sold and would be opening as Peacock at the beginning of November.  Two gentleman from Peacock in California were at the restaurant and they both came over and chatted with me.  One said that the menu would change.  After I voiced concern, the other told me the menu would NOT change but they would be expanding the current menu and would be keeping the Chef.  This was the first red-flag that the fix was in lol.

I visited the restaurant their first weekend for the Saturday lunch buffet which was basically the same selection of food as Spice was known to have.  It was actually good.

I decided to place a to-go dinner order the next week.  WHOA... really nasty, perhaps the worst Indian Food I have had - and it took about 30 minutes for it to be prepared.  What takes 30 minutes to prepare you ask?  Their signature dish: Chicken Biryani and an order of Egg Masala.  I checked both dishes when I got to the car and they were both just over room temperature - not a good sign.

I asked for boneless Chicken Biryani.  When I started to eat the dish, I could'nt find any chicken.  After poking around in the dish, I discovered the chicken was on the very bottom, was cold and had a really funky texture and taste; almost like it had been scraped off of a plate of food served earlier.  I couldn't even finish the dish.  It was disgusting.

The Egg Masala was a just a hair better - which isn't saying much as the biryani was gross.  This dish was just about cold and just didn't taste good or fresh for that matter.

The best part of the meal?  The butter Naan.  Delicious when compared to the other two dishes.

The restaurant took a consistently good menu, cut it in half and changed the recipes (at least on the items I had).  

The new staff (aside from the one guy who stayed on from Spice) is quite un-attentive and do not look like they care much that you are there.

One star is all I could muster.  What a complete disappointment, especially when Spice Cafe was so good.  This location has not been good to other restaurants over the years so perhaps Peacock will suffer a similar fate?  I suppose only one could hope that the owners of Spice can, and are allowed to open another restaurant in the area.

Visit at your own risk - and hope that you don't get sick...

Edited to add:  After three 1 Star reviews in a row, several 5 star reviews have suddenly appeared!  These are in all likelihood either the owners or friends of the owners, especially the one reviewer who states (just a few days after this place opened) that they eat here all the time; Really?
