9MpWhQOYziJ38EB7MctxcA (From November 2011): My mom had never had Indian food, and my dad won't eat it, so I got a bunch of take out from Cafe Tandoor when she was here on a solo visit. We ordered: the vegetarian appetizer platter (which didn't  come with paneer or really any variety of pakora), samosas, chicken korma (medium), chicken tikka masala (medium), rogan josh (spicy), saffron rice, plain rice, garlic naan, plain naan, and mango lassi. There were multiple problems with the quality of the food and this restaurant.

1. NO FLAVOR. Holy bland food, Batman. The only food that had any flavor was the samosa. It was the spiciest thing that we got in the order. Do you know what it's like to eat bland chicken korma? It's essentially warm cream with chunks of chicken. At least the tikka masala had other vegetables in it to give it some taste. The rogan josh had a little kick to it, but I still would only classify it as mild to medium spicy (3 on a scale of 10). and I ordered it hot! So if that's the spiciest that Cafe Tandoor can make the food, count me out. Maybe it's just me, but what's the point of getting Indian food if it is unseasoned?

2. LOW QUALITY. Even if the food had been spicier, it didn't seem to be of very high quality. The appetizers were very greasy. The appetizer platter was basically a samosa, a couple of potato pakora and a TON of onion rings. There was no paneer, no selection of pakora. The tikka masala was lumpy and not as smooth as I' ve usually had it. The chunks of meat were ginormous, making it necessary to cut them before eating.

3. NO CHANCE OF IMPROVEMENT. My boyfriend's brother told me after the fact that they are "racist" and won't serve your food spicy if you're not Indian. While I was there, I heard the woman tell someone on the phone (which she did NOT have the courtesy to tell me) that their medium is really mild. Seriously? What's the point of having a scale of spicyness? That's fine. I'll find another place that is willing to give me decent food.

4. THE PRICE. Rice is not inclued in your meal, so that's another $2.50 per dish ($3.50 for Saffron rice (not worth it)). The total for my food was $75. And while I was excessive in ordering, I did so in order to enable my mom to try all the wonderful things associated with Indian food. Huge waste. The channa masala at Trader Joes is $4 and tastes WAY better than anything I had here.

I'm so disappointed that this was my mom's first experience with Indian food. I feel like it's ruined for her forever. If you still insist on trying this place, I would recommend dining in so they can at least try to correct your order while you're there. Total disappointment.

UPDATE: I tried again this week (early September 2012), because I love Indian food so much, and maybe I went there on an off night or something. Boyfriend and I both ordered curries, and split plain rice, samosas, naan, and a mango lassi... (Side note: $42!!!) And it was _still_ not good. We both ordered our food hot, and while it had spice this time, it was spice without flavor. I can only assume that the only reason people claim this is the best Indian food in Cleveland is because it is the ONLY Indian food in Cleveland (at least on the further West Side). I seriously, seriously feel bad for y'all, because Indian food should be SO MUCH better than this. Trader Joe's has better Indian than this. For like, $4.
