9N7VAcNFqjHptX3vRWqgnw The worst experience ever with this below par restaurant and their super inefficient "manager" Chandra. I placed an order through a reputed website, which I have used for 5 years with no problems and they messed up my order. When I called back after not receiving the order for 2 hours, I had to call repeatedly for 20 minutes because no one picks up the phone in this restaurant. Finally a very confused girl picked up the phone and upon inquiry said "oh the driver has left already and it will be another 25 minutes", which is funny coz the restaurant is 5 km from my house. Anyways, I waited for 30 more minutes with no food in sight. I called back again, angry & frustrated because my 7 year old had been waiting for food for the last 2 hours. The lady on the phone was not apologetic,extremely rude and utterly dumb. She kept saying "Listen to me...i dont have your order...call the website....if i dont have an order will I dream of making your food", although the first girl said she saw the order and it was out for delivery. I was appalled at the "manager's" indifference. She refused to believe me, although I kept saying it cant be the website because the confirmation came from you. Of course, by that I time I should have realized that I was dealing with an absolute imbecile who had no idea how the whole process works. She hung up on me, saying "call the website". 

I called the website and they confirmed there was a mix up at the restaurant and someone messed up my order and advised the customer care guy from the website that "it will take another hour" for them to deliver the food. The guy gave me a credit for the hassle and said I will ask them to expedite, although I know that it is not gonna do anything coz they are a bunch of inefficient people running a circus in the name of a restaurant. 

So amidst all the chaos, my only hope was that the food would be good, at least edible. Regarding the food, the less said the better. The biryani was dry as if someone just threw some leftover rice in chicken curry. The lamb was tough and rubbery and the Tandoori Chicken looked malnutritioned.  

After all the hassle and ruining my Friday evening with these fine people I was treated to food which was worse than dog food.

This place is an embarrassment to Indian Food, but of course even if you tolerate the food, the inefficient staff is intolerable.
