9OHxN88qy_BSmY_8yqWQ5w I have been to Bombay Bhel a number of times. I first found this restaurant by doing a search on Yelp in 2013, before I joined as an active Yelp member!

We had a couple of colleagues from India who were helping us out. One was a vegetarian and preferred to eat spicy food. I felt bad that they were living close to our old workplace where there weren't many restaurants. They didn't drive. One evening, I asked if they wanted to do dinner, found this restaurant, and ran the menu by them. They approved, so we headed over there.

They loved the food! I first had the thali that contained chicken. The restaurant has both meat and vegetarian dishes. The food is scrumptious. I ordered the garlic naan and it is perfectly garlicky. I order it practically every time I am here.

Before both of them headed back to India, our team had a farewell dinner for them. They wanted to come back to this restaurant, so we did. Everyone enjoyed the food and great company.

The third time, I had two colleagues from Sweden visiting our department. It seems like a deja-vu situation, but they also didn't have a car. However, they weren't vegetarians.

I offered to drive them to the Toronto Premium Outlet, as they wanted to shop. We had a wonderful time. It helps to split up, come back, and compare what we had all purchased.

We reconvened at the Bay Outlet, when it was still kicking around. I asked if they wanted to come here. Both of them love East Indian food. So, we went there. They both raved about how tasty the food was. Again, the food didn't disappoint. I had the beef biriyani. It was done so well. The beef was tender and flavourful. The rice was perfect.

Since then, I have been back several times for various work-related outings. As you can tell, I love this restaurant and highly recommend eating here for both lunch and dinner.

The parking lot does get busy at lunch, thanks to the Service Ontario a few doors down. However, you will never have issues finding a parking spot. 

(6)
