9QtfgneK8SIIm4c0SlrF0g It's tough for me to rate Khazana. The place itself is upscale, with modern decor and white tablecloths. It's also owned by Indian celebrity chef Sanjeev Kapoor. Based on those two factors alone, you know you're going to be paying a premium.

One thing that's undeniable is that the food here is good. I've been here 5 times now and I've never had a dish I didn't like. Having said that, it's difficult for me to justify coming here more often because there's just so many other more affordable alternatives for Indian food in Brampton. The food gets pricey and is definitely targeted more toward special occasions.

The menu itself is a little complicated to the casual diner as many dish names are in Hindi. For example, you won't find butter chicken on the menu, but rather, you'll find murgh makhani. Because of this, it took us longer to order because we were reading through every single description to find the dishes we wanted.

One thing that I'd say is a must-order is the garlic naan. It's by far the best garlic naan I've ever had. It's super garlicky and super buttery and is consistent with every bite. The only catch? It's $5 per order. The meat dishes weren't outstanding here, but I did like nalli rogan josh (lamb) a lot. The chicken biryani is also a great option as it comes with a decent amount of chicken and is served piping hot, and covered with fresh bread. You'll find that main dishes will run $15-20+, and that your naan will be about $5. 

The food here is a solid 4.5 stars. For the price, though? I'd have to dock it down to at least a 4. At $30+ after tax and tips, there are many other places I'd rather dine. 

The service here is spotty... It does take quite a while to fulfill requests, especially when requesting the bill. You really have to plan ahead with your requests when you're working with time constraints, such as an hour lunch break. Also, one time I visited, the waiter was very pushy and constantly trying to upsell us in terms of our orders. Once we stood firm with our order, he no longer came back to check on us for the rest our meal. Coincidence? I think not...

The thing that initially drew me to Khazana in the first place was their summer lunch deal. While the restaurant is otherwise quite expensive, the lunch deal they had through nearly the end of last year was amazing. For $10, the deal included 1 veg/1 meat curry, garlic naan, and basmati rice. For $15, you could add another meat curry. It was a lot of food for the price, and at half or less than half of what you'd pay for a normal experience. Unfortunately, it seems they've gotten rid of this deal now.

Overall Khazana is a restaurant embodied by great food at above average prices, which make it less justifiable in a city abundant with options for Indian food. The ambiance is great, however, making it a good option for occasions. The service is spotty, but this can be overcome if you plan ahead. Lastly, look out for them if they ever get another lunch special, because the previous one was definitely worth it.
