9y2MS2VyXZzFRi2zGV0AFg I've definitely got reservations about Britannia Spice. The food, while pleasant (more than pleasant)... I just don't remember thinking I was blown away. I had the prawn puri, a nice touch in that you could see what ingredients were involved whereas in some restaurants it's a smooth sauce with an odd colour to it (not that the colour detracts), and it was a generous portion of prawns inside the puri. The Silent Reviewer had the mixed kebabs, which he greatly enjoyed. 

My main was a huge selection of tandoori vegetables - with a little kick at the end. I don't usually pick the tandoori option, but I didn't feel particularly overawed by the vegetables - grilled vegetables are lovely, but the marinade hadn't infused the vegetables, just sort of slid into any nook or cranny available (bit hard on a tomato). We also shared a side of chana masala, it seems the Silent Reviewer is picking up my little love of chickpeas, as well as a garlic naan and some rice. We definitely had leftovers! I keep wanting to use the word pleasant, because it was and if it wasn't for the service, I may have been more inclined to go back. The Silent Reviewer certainly wants to. 

Now the problem I have is that from the moment we sat down, any question was directed to the Silent Reviewer. 'Are you ready to order drinks, Sir', 'Are you ready to order now, Sir'. Apart from pulling out a chair for me to sit down, I felt like I had turned into the Silent Diner. When the check came, it was placed on the table then moved to a jaunty angle, in order to face 'Sir'. 

Too bad Madam was paying. 

Now, I'm all for manners and being polite, but I didn't feel it was polite, I felt slighted, as the only time I was acknowledged was at the end of the meal when I walked out and the door was opened for me (subsequently for the Silent Reviewer as well). Especially as I was actually paying for the meal, I would have preferred the service we had from the gentlemen at Britannia Spice to have checked rather than assume that the male of the party was paying. It left me fuming in all of my feminist glory. For that, I don't want to go back and it will take some effort for the Silent Reviewer to persuade me otherwise. Am cool to be called a Madam and not own a brothel on the sly, but wouldn't mind a little bit more equal rights thrown into the mix when I am out on the town.
