A-KVm7iKLOe1X1yAQP13FA This is a slightly revamped version of what I posted on another review site. I leave Toronto and this was my favorite restaurant during my 8 day stay:

I've always told Americans who think they want to go vegetarian that many Americans I know who tried it and quit gave up because they made or ate such bland dishes or perfunctory vegetarian cooking. I always tell them about the wonderful Indian vegetarian food I tried and got to love when I lived in New Delhi for two years during the early to mid 70s. I have remained a huge fan of Indian food...non vegetarian as well. While on a national tour in my role as an entertainer, I felt I was getting a cold and also had bad inflammation on my right hand. I was so happy to find this place when searching on line and I went -- and had the VERY BEST t vegetarian Indian meal I have had in my LIFE. 

Now, realize: I lived in India, I've had Indian food in the US for some 40 years and done events in San Diego where Indian families invite me to eat. I also lived at the home of an Indian family for five months in New Delhi when I was a student. To me, this is the perfect restaurant. The initial waiter I got answered my questions perfectly about some of the dishes and helped me order so I didn't over order or under order. It was on person, except for when I brought the star of my show (pictured below) out. And he's made out of wood (I'm a ventriloquist).

 First, I had the most WONDERFUL samosa I've had -- as good as the ones I had in New Delhi coffee houses in 1972. Ny favorite dish, bindi. They had Kadai Bindi, which they told me was a curry of okra, tomatoes and onions. I figured the okra would be a bit firm and spicy like the others I've had over the years. I asked about soup and he mentioned a "hot" soup Rasam, that I had never had. And REAL chai (not the ones they serve at coffee shops in the US or you buy in pre-mixed tea bags). The verdict? The Samosa was an immediate smash and I inhaled the two of them, using the sweet redish sauce and the spicier green sauce. The soup was the BEST and HOTTEST but more flavorful soup I've ever had - and I'm someone who makes lots of soup including chicken soup. Two pieces of red chili were floating in it.

 Sorry, my grandmother and mother (and me), I liked this BETTER. The bindi? The best I've ever had.The chai? Exactly as good as the chai they used to serve when I was interning as a student on The Hindustan Times. I later asked manager Peter John about the dishes, particularly about the soup. And, not having told him my maladies, he noted that this soup has ginger, curcumin, pepper, chilies, and garlic (you could see the thin slices in the soup) and it could clear your chest. YES: these ingredients are not only what are recommended for colds, but they are considered anti inflammatories.

 I wish this restaurant was in my home city of San Diego...There's also a nice, cozy, open feeling to Udupi Palace. But here you have great waiting staff, great service, superb food, nice atmosphere (some parents with kids as well), and a friendly manager. Udupi Palace is a big, shining diamond in Toronto's Little India. I was so taken by it I asked Mr. John if he'd let me get some photos of him to post on this review and also have him take a few of me and the star of my show. HIGHLY H-I-G-H-L-Y recommended. And if you're someone who thinks vegetarian food can't be as satisfying or moreso than meat, you're in for a huge and happy surprise.
