A_05gZ2QwayLb0YeQ_TItQ I had been to Chennai Express last night. As another yelper said the location is amiss if you don't closely look. The entrance says ' Falafel Express ' in the front. Get in right there. Also, since most of the reviews said there r 3 kitchens etc etc. I'm not going there. At the look of it, for a newbie like me, you'd be surprised. But, yelpers do not give up on u, do they ? Just as the reviews, the food is AMAZING !!! I ordered the mutton varuval, fish curry, chicken biryani. The rice wasn't available, else I would've skipped the biryani. I got the Naan instead of rice. The owner is a humble person and cooks up a quick chat while you are there. The line to this joint was getting longer in the short time I was there. I ordered mine and came up to grab a seat. While at it, the customers around me were busy gulping their dosas ! Man, the aroma was mind blowing and being a south Indian myself, I make pretty good dosas myself.. But, did I tell you I couldn't resist the aroma ?! Guess, what happened next, I went ahead and ordered a shrimp dosa to go. Yea, a foodie to the dot. He was more than happy to accommodate it quickly into my menu. The wait was quite a while, but who cares when u can sit there and breathe in the aromas from the kitchen and be assured that all your food is being freshly prepared. I wouldn't mind. I sat up and chat with a few fellow countrymen.. ;) My order was ready and I left with an eagerness to taste the food soon. My kids ( even my 4 year old ) loveddd the food. The fish curry reminded me of home ! Thank you, for that. We were traveling to Quebec after that, so I refrigerated the curry and had it the next day. Tasted even better as we are told back home, biryani and fish curry tastes yummier the next week ! How I wish we had a joint like this near my home. It was my anniversary and we had a scrumptious finish to it. Thanks, Chennai Express for making it happier ! Anyone around this place, do check it out ! You won't regret it at all..
