A029GQG1S3ekPit6cObcBA I am so excited to find such a great Indian restaurant in Gilbert!!  I was in search of a great Indian place in AZ and I found me one in Scottsdale a while back.  Even though that place was very far from me, we went back there almost every week, but like many good restaurants in AZ, that one didn't last long and the ownership changed.  Needless to say, I was really disappointed and was hoping for another good place.  Who would've thought I'd find one in Gilbert of all places?!?  This review is kind of overdue...my husband went and posted this for me from my draft so if there's any glitch, I apologize...I had an unfinished draft sitting on my desktop of my Mac, and he went ahead and posted it saying he can't believe I didn't review this place yet since this place is so great!!  LOL!!  SO we found this place about a year ago and been going back, at first every week (kinda crazy I know, and then we kind of eased off to once a month now.)  

So our family of four, including two teenage boys who are true foodies (eaten all over the world at some fantastic places from hole in the walls to Michelin star restaurants,) love love Indian food and love spicy as well.  We usually order Chicken Tikka (The British Indian dish which we've had the best in London), Lamb Vindaloo (ordered spicy), lamb biryani (whenever they have it), and naan.  So we ordered exactly the same at this place to see how they compare to other mediocre Indian restaurants in AZ.  We usually can judge the place by their chutney and their chutneys were pretty good.  Complimentary papadum was just ok.  Chicken tikka was creamy with touch of spice and just buttery good. Chicken were NOT dry as is at most Indian places!  Lamb Vindaloo, ordered spicy, was absolutely heavenly!  I hate spicy where it kills your taste bud and you can't taste anything except for the spice.  This was flavorful and not just pepper spicy.  Very good!  I loved the little sour onion bulbs in there which enhanced the flavor of the curry.  Lamb biryani was pretty good as well although not the best I've had.  Their naan was delicious and best eaten fresh.  We also ordered their tandoori chicken.  OMG!  Usually I avoid ordering tandoori chicken at Indian places in AZ, because they're usually dry and hard to swallow.  Theirs was tender and flavorful!  

Overall, very good place and I don't mind their service.  The waitress was kind of off, but when food is this good I don't mind the service at all as long as they don't throw dishes at me or give me dirty water.  haha

I've noticed the people who are giving this place a low rating are compalining about the service and the buffet food.  We've tried their buffet once and yes I agree that their buffet food are less tastier than the ordered from the menu food.  I strongly urge you to order from the menu and make sure you tell them the strength of the spice you want if you want them to be spicy.  The owner George is a super nice guy and he will cater to whatever you desire.  Their wait staff are not too good.  They're not mean or anything, but the service can be slow.  The food can be slow at times, but you know you're getting freshly cooked food and trust me, it's worth the wait!
