-MpXo24qYu4DazQXDrs2oA Perfect Indian breakfast!! Seriously best dosa ever, and I spent two months India earlier this year sampling every dosa I could find. This one was made with ghee, and it absolutely puts the flavor over the top! The texture was perfect. Not too thin, not too thick - consistant throughout.

So it was my birthday two days ago and I spent it in the car driving cross country, with a failed attempt for a thali or lunch buffet. So when I arrived in Penna looking for some South Indian food and saw that India House served breakfasts-  well of course there was no other choice for my belated birthday meal. I chose the dosa though still tempted by the other breakfast options as well. I will come back and eventually try them all! And the thali lunch meals too- it's all so good I want to sample everything they offer. The ingredients are fresh, the taste is pure and clean and just as I remember it during the 6 weeks I spent in the South of India, though I sampled them in the North and the South.

The sambar is perfectly seasoned and not too salty and the coconut chutney fresh and light. They call it onion chutney here and I know it as tomato chutney, but since the two main ingredients are onion and tomato it matters not- the taste is perfectly balanced and just as I remember it when I ate small bowls of it as 'soup' while in Andhra Pradesh. The potato bhaji is what they serve in the masala dosa, so that saves the trouble to choose between those two on the menu - and my favorite thing is to bite into the tiny slices of its fresh green chile! I also ordered the chai and the first thing I tasted different was that it had what I believe may have been trace amounts of fennel- something many chai teas leave out, but it adds a fullness, and a rounding out of flavor. It comes unsweetened so you can add sugar as you like it and is not overly sticky sweet, (even though I secretly like and will drink it that way if it is served to me pre- sweetened).

The service is great, and overall this place should be packed right now on this Sunday morning- though late for breakfast and too early for lunch-  I am currently the only customer. 5 stars to India House!

Quick Addendum- I just found out from the owner-manager-Sunil that this place is new- only word of mouth so far, and that the Thali lunch is already a huge hit. Its offerings are different every day, and I can't wait to come on a Saturday to try the special stuffed eggplant.  

So as I was asking questions, Sunil offered that they had filter coffee... What? Of course I want to try it. I hadn't even thought about  this deep, rich drink the past six months, but as soon as he said it, I ordered one. I asked HOW did they get that deep, complex flavor out of coffee beans? Hint- it is coffee from India, AND apparently it drips for hours to brew. The chai was good, but the filter coffee is worth it to come for this rare treat alone.
