aBdFmNEYq4_ft8eCr-TwRw Never again!! 
I've come to realize that I will never find a dosa place as good as Guru Lukshmi. 
When I entered, the fact that there was only one table occupied made me doubt my choice of going in. There was only one server, whom I assume was the owner as this was a family owned restaurant. But yeah, I only saw one chef and one server in the entire restaurant.
The server was quite unpresentable in the way he spoke and dressed. This is a business that requires interaction and presentation, so I feel that they should try and look a bit more professional.
We wanted to start off with the potato bhajia and then the mysore masala dosa and the thali. After placing our order, apparently all they had from the entire menu were the dosas and a few of the south indian appetizers. But other than that everything else on the menu was not available! I honestly wanted to bolt then and there, but did'nt want to look too rude, and so ended up staying and requested for a paneer bhurji dosa instead of the thali.
What scared me the most was that our dosas arrived in less than 2 minutes (literally), which made me question the freshness of the food. Yes dosas are quick to make, but the stuffing such as the paneer bhurji should take at least 5-7 minutes MINIMUM! 

Taste:
Ok, I did find that the dosa tasted better than the ones I've had at Saravanna Bhavan and Anjapurna Chettinand, and were not too oily. But this was the thinnest dosa I have ever seen/eaten! Once done I felt like I hadn't eaten anything, therefore we had no choice but to order more food. 
After around 10 minutes of struggling to get any sort of attention from the server, we asked for the idly sambar and the dhai idli (amazing at Guru Luksmi).
Again, this was served within 2 minutes. 
My first bite of the dhai idli and I felt sick. It just tasted off to me. The dhai (yoghurt) was watery and completely bland with no salt or spices, and the idli was paper thin, crumbly, and tasteless too. 

Price:
Although the price at this place is quite affordable, the extra food we had to get resulted in the price to be equivalent to a moderately priced restaurant.

Overall:
Like I said, Never again! For dosa I think I'll stick to Udupi or Guru Luksmi. I rather even go to Saravanna Bahavan so at least I can fill myself up and get some better service.
