ad7lp1JL-gC4d4zDXXNgjg So. I wish very much that I could comment on just the food and be done with it. My opinion is that the food at Nawab Express on Avenue is.....okay. I agree with other people who posted here and elsewhere that the food is quite bland, and suitable for people who don't like spice (so, bland).  Portions were on the small side, which makes it relatively expensive for what you get. Unfortunately, customer service goes hand-in-hand with food when it comes to overall impression of a restaurant.  And customer service is where this restaurant falls short, in my view. I ordered a "Dinner for 2" off of the Foodora site. As instructed, I selected 1 meat dish and 1 veggie. I was surprised to receive a call from the restaurant, whereupon a gentleman informed me that I was not allowed to order the prawns.  He told me the prawns were a premium dish and insisted that I had to order something cheaper -  there was a "glitch" (his term), and he would not process the order. I then offered to pay to make up the cost difference, and he would not do it.  I am baffled as to why they would not honour an order (or, at the very least, accept additional payment for an upgraded order) that was made in good faith, and allowable through their partnership with Foodora. I understand that there may have been a miscommunication between the restaurant and Foodora, regarding what dishes are and are not included in the Dinner bundles. And if so, that's a shame - hopefully Nawab Express can rectify the situation going forward, as this clearly was a frustrating situation for them.  But the way it was handled in the moment was ridiculous. Grand scheme of things, this is nothing - not even cracking the Top 1,000 list of things that are annoying (I'd like to meet the person who has a bad restaurant experience live on their list - they must live a lovely life otherwise!). This "nothing", though, left me with a poor impression of the restaurant. I sent an email to the 2 contact addresses I could find on their site to explain the situation and to offer to connect if they wanted more details or had any questions, and received no response. I held off on posting this, as I wanted to give them a chance to reach out. They didn't. So, net takeaway is that this is a mediocre restaurant with poor customer service. We're spoiled for choice in Toronto when it comes to restaurants - Nawab Express on Avenue, in my opinion, is not worth seeking out.
