aDWOXQVSvRPOpqcJ1ja0_Q So before I say anything else, let it be known that I actually do recommend this place, but one must be able to look over some details in order to enjoy their meal. 

I'd been here years ago, before the "renovation" took place - though I can hardly tell what may have been actually updated/renovated in that time. We placed our order - one beef and one chicken burrito, regular size, and a diet coke - and sat down to wait for our food. 

First of all, the washroom is out of order, according to a quickly scrawled hand-written sign. In front of said washroom are two full garbage cans which probably held more garbage than a day's worth, based on the lunch-hour crowd (comprised of about three people). The only thing "New York" about this place are some faded framed and mounted NYC images - one or two of the skyline, Statue of Liberty, etc. All of them were peeling off their matting boards, or had frames which looked moments from falling apart. The whole place could also really use a fresh coat of paint. 

There's also a doorway at the back which seems to go into some sort of back-room area in which I think I saw some coolers and a folding table with a coffee machine and cups on it. Not sure what else is going on there. In addition, there are a total of three microwaves in the kitchen counter area, and though there's some sort of 90's CD player/radio set up, there was no music on at the time we were there. The sole cook behind the counter chatted away with a customer wearing an Uber toque in their native tongue. 

The food itself is fantastic. The burrito is certainly not Mexican-style and was comprised of some lettuce, sauce, ground chicken and beef, respectively, and onion all expertly wrapped up in a thin, soft roti. Decently priced and better than lots of quick-serve options in that area. I was also tempted to try out a samosa sitting in the display at the front (maybe that's what the three microwaves are for?) but was ultimately too full to do so. 

I mean, it's fantastic, go ahead and eat here, but know that it is the holiest of hole-in-the-wall places I've seen in Toronto. If that doesn't phase you, you'll have a great time.
