aPnAEP8WzjJkxyAJ59GS8Q Have you ever met someone and just thought, I don't care if they are good at what they do or not, they are just so nice and sweet.. and you just want them to succeed? If you have no idea what I am talking about, come to Indies and it will instantly become apparent. These are possible the nicest, kindest and most helpful people you will ever meet. 

I hear people say in other reviews that this is not authentic Indian, Asian, Mexican or whatever genre of food they are eating. I am pretty sure these are real Indian people and that the cuisine is pretty damn close to authentic. That being said, it is not my favorite Indian food place. I think I may not really like authentic Asian, Mexican, Indian or whatever food I am shoveling in my mouth. Perhaps my taste buds have become accustomed to Americanized abominations of these genres. I am not even sure if genres can be applied to cuisines.. But I am positive that someone will message me and inform me of my level of stupidity. 

I have been here a couple times and ordered several items. I think the two and three item combo meals are a fantastic bargain (3 item is $6.95). I wish they came with Naan, but you can order it separately for a dollar. I normally order Chicken tikka masala at other Indian food places and I found it to be rather bland and unexciting here. The rice is equally as boring. I wish they did more of a Biryani rice, but they have basic plain white or brown.. **snore** The last 3 items on the meat side of the menu are marked hot. Believe me, they are... I love hot food and I sweated out at least a gallon of water whilst eating these. Truthfully, if it weren't for the heat, there wouldn't have been much flavor at all to those dishes. I ordered the malai kofta off the veggie side and another dish with potatoes..  Both were good, but not great. 

This place wins me over because of the price and the people, not so much the quality of the food. It actually pains me not to give this place 5 stars, but that would be dishonest. I will continue to go and try new items. Hopefully there will be one that is amazing. Probably would not recommend the place in passing to a friend, but when I need to get out of the office for a walk, it is a great option.
