AsPW2a72MNVuV8LTDDNyDQ I file Maezo under Indian Fusion, as in Indian food with Canadian/Italian/Mexican/whatever international twists the chefs want.  The owners and chefs are obviously proud of their Indian heritage.  The menu contains both traditional Indian and modern fusion offerings.  

This is a long review, so I put the conclusion up front: overall, I think the traditional offerings edge out the fusion ones.  This shows that, behind the Western ambiance, the restaurant offers fine Indian food.  Bold and proud.  The Indian Fusion offerings are ambitious, but there are hits and misses.  They could use further refinement.  I am confident that the talented chefs at Maezo are up for the tasks.

Detailed review below:

We ordered a Monsoon Basket (traditional) and a Curry Poutine (fusion) as appetizers, and a Beef Vindaloo (traditional) and a Channa Masala Tacos (fusion) as mains.  We rounded up the meal with a Carrot Halwa Trifle (traditional) and a Creme Brulee (fusion) as desserts.  

The appetizers were stars of the evening.  The pakoras were among the best I have ever had.  As described in menu, they were deep fried to crispy heaven.  The skin was covered in a mix of spices that were bold yet not overwhelming.  I would gladly order the Monsoon Basket again in my next visit.  The fries, though came out from a bag, was deep fried nicely.  A hot crispy outside and a warm, not too soft inside.  The portion was hearty.  The curry was rich and creamy and was great on its own.  However, I think the amount of fries thinned out the curry flavour quite a bit.  The curry could be spicier to add a kick.  

The Beef Vindaloo had a generous amount of beef.  The curry was thick and rich and 100% traditional.  The twist of the dish was the naan.  It was prepared with LOT of butter.  We freaking loved it!  I couldn't find the garlic flavour in the naan though.  The Channa Masala Tacos didn't fare as well as the Beef Vindaloo.  A taco with chickpeas in masala curry tasted alright in the flavour department.  However, the taco had no texture and body.  It was too soft.  Also, the tortilla could use some improvement.

The creme burlee was made with jalebi.  The circular sweet and the sweetened egg yolks balanced well.  I found this fusion burlee not too different from the traditional version.  If you want something familiar, this would be it.  The Carrot Halwa Trifle, on the other hand, was something new to me.  It was sweet but not overwhelmingly so.  The carrot was so finely grated that if I wasn't told it was made with carrot, I wouldn't have guessed it. 

Last but not least, the services was outstanding.  We asked questions on various menu items.  Our waitress was knowledgeable and patient in answering them.  She also made good suggestions.
