auTNigMttjBBTj1MNxOeFQ I'd like to amend my review a little now that I've been back so many times

I've tried the lunch buffet twice in two days. I'm officially hooked!
The service is pretty attentive. Vimil (Vick) is very friendly. He makes an extra effort to remember his customers and takes pride in his job. He's remembered my name ever since I paid with a credit card. Him and other staff always keep my water glass quite full, a definite necessity in an Indian restaurant. 

We got there by about 2pm and the lunch buffet closes at 3pm. At exactly 3:06pm the server came over and informed us that they were closed and it was time for us to go. I thought this was a little abrupt, but we were mostly finished, so we left.

I really like the varied options depending on the day. The Samosa's were really good, filled with spicy potato. These were a little spicy, but very tasty. I poured a little bit of mint chutney over the top and it was perfect. I actually wished they would have had them the second day. I also really liked the Chicken Tikka Masala, because I love the red sauce that it comes in, perfect for dipping Naan. There was also a white cream based chicken dish that was really tender. 
On my first visit I didn't have room to try the Tandoori chicken on the bone. But on my 2nd visit there was Tandoori chicken pieces and they were pretty tender. I like my stuff super saucy, so I dipped my Tandoori chicken in the Raita (spiced yogurt) and it was delicious. 
Garlic naan is the way to go. I love me some garlic!! The naan has came out piping hot... super fresh on every visit. 

Also on my first trip I brought my vegan friend and she had a lot of options to choose from and was very happy with the selections. I would definitely recommend telling the server if you are vegan because one of the labels above the food was inaccurate. For my second visit I brought two Indian food experts, they both agreed that it was a pretty good buffet, especially for the price. They seemed to enjoy the food, but one of them felt that the dishes could have used a little more spices. Both of them agreed they would rather have the dishes spicier, but realize that with a buffet it's usually going to be mild to medium.  

I would definitely like to come back during dinner and try some of the menu items. Although I think I'll have a hard time staying away from this buffet. I love having tons of options and you can't beat the price... about $11 per person.
