aXnWWp6Reaep4-0iKWlYHQ For those who want a quick summary:

Service: Friendly staff, pushy waitress and SLOW service
Ambience: Welcoming and cozy, but incomplete patio
Food: VERY SALTY and not much other flavours

When I went to this place, I had Indian food cravings and I was with my dog. I didn't see a patio by its entrance on Yonge St, so I was going to pass. When the staff saw me looking in through their glass wall, I was very pleasantly surprised to receive warm greetings and was informed that they indeed had a back patio and my dog was welcome. 

On my way to the patio, I glimpsed the inside - there were a couple tables occupied, one person ordering a take-out, but definitely not busy. The patio was completely empty, which I didn't mind. Which I didn't appreciate was that the patio was just bare minimun (only tables and chairs) with unfinished paint job, surrounded by condominium construction, and only one or two construction lighting present. Trying to keep an open mind, I was waiting for the server to come by. It took her almost 10 mins to finally show. My friend ordered an Indian beer 'King Fisher' ($4 beer special) and I simply just asked for a glass of water. She was polite and friendly but she insistingly doubted my drink choice (this continued throughout the meal till the moment we paid). I assured her that's what I wanted, although I knew she was disappointed she couldn't make another drink sale. In fact, her continued sales pitch was so frustrating and annoying.  About 4 mins later, the beer came, but my very lukewarm tap water in a styrofoam disposable cup came nearly after 10 mins. 

Between the two of us, we ordered, 

1. Korean Street Style BBQ Chicken Roll (Single size - $5.99)
It was yummy with good flavour profile BUT definitely NOT KOREAN. I couldn't make any connection between the flavour and the reference to Korean food ( FYI, I am Korean).

2. Shrimp Masala Thai Style Roll (Double size - $10.99)
First, we wanted to order just a single size and this time we gave into the server's sales push. She, again, insisted on upsizing because the single size has only 4 shrimp but the bigger one has 8-10. When we got our food, the double size only had 4 shrimp. I took a bite, and I hate to use such a strong word, but 'NASTY' is the only word that came to mind to describe the taste in my mouth accurately. The astounding amount of salt overpowered any other spices that might have been in there. The only reason I continued eating this is because I was so hungry from waiting so long to get the food - I regretted this decision very much since I had to constantly drink water all night to counter the amount of salt I put in in my body.

3. Aloo Chaat (Potato Salad)
Again, the salty theme carried through. But this time, also a lot of black pepper. 

Simple: I will not return.
