aXnWWp6Reaep4-0iKWlYHQ The Kathi Roll Express as known as T.K.R.E is a fresh and much needed change on the Yonge Street food scene. It stands apart from the regular Indian street food which is normally available at any Indian Restaurant. Lot of People relate Indian street food with samosas, pakoras, chaat, tikkis etc. Kathi Roll is something which a lot of people are unfamiliar with and kudos to T.K.R.E for taking this bold step and introducing an Indian street food which is not found at any other place in Toronto yet.
I am not gonna go into detail as  about the origin and kathi roll and what is it exactly as you can read in the reviews written below by my fellow foodies or at http://www.thekathirollexpress.com/. 

Now lets come to the main topic which is how it tastes. 
Kathi ROLL Express has a wide variety of menu which will please both vegetarian and non vegetarian lovers. Be it their reshmi chicken(Silken chicken) roll,Mutton Roll Achari paneer roll or fusion rolls like Kung Pao Chicken roll. All of them stand apart and hits the right notes. the rolls are filled with egg(You can request one without an egg) Onions and green chutney. thats it, this is not a shawarma so dont expect lettuce, tomatoes etc and onions are the only toppings which goes in a kathi roll. 

The other thing which I really like about T.K.R.E is the open kitchen concept. Usually kitchens in restaurants are hidden in back alley and you cant see how the food is getting prepared. At T.K.R.E the kitchen is right in front of your eyes. You can see the full process as to how your meal is being prepared. It takes them around 5-8 min(depending on the meat) to prepare one kathi roll as the chef put the skewer on the grill once you order which means it is as fresh as it gets and that makes a huge difference when you start digging in and the soft and tender meat or paneer takes you to the streets of India with the amazing flavours and decor. The lemon soda, Mango Lassi or the Delhi style cold coffee pairs really well with the rolls and these drinks are as real as it can get.

Dropped in last week and found out that they have got their Liquor License and they have started serving alcoholic beverages.
