B5xWYgJDSN4RPPk4DlUajQ To say that my dining experience at Inchin bamboo garden was unpalatable doesn't do justice to the horrendous, atrocious, and overall appalling experience. We were a party of 6 plus a baby who decided to travel the 30 minute journey to experience the wonderful dining experience we've always had. Our waiter, Ben, came right away to greet us and take our order. He soon after served us our wonderful mango lassis which we loved so much the whole table decided to ordered one. We then ordered our appetizers, recommended by Ben, which we were more than pleased with. Finally it came time to order our entree. The heart of the meal, the reason for our 30 minute trip. When asked to substitute lo mein for the rice it became a problem. We were told by Sierra, the manager, that the portion size was too large and declined to accommodate the simple request which any other restaurant would have gladly done. After reasonable requests were denied Sierra than told us we could order from the kids menu in an oh so hush hush tone and said "don't tell anyone" as though the menu didn't speak for itself. We weren't sure if this was a jab at our intelligence but we decided to let it go. It's as if we went to eat at a restaurant where we couldn't get what we wanted. We then contemplated whether or not we should take our business to a restaurant we knew would accommodate us. However my mother had been craving Inchin bamboo garden for 6 months and we knew the food would be worth it, or so we thought. Later on our food came and immediately we noticed the plates were not hot, not to mention the lo mein noodles looked mushy. That first bite said everything. Our pallets were totally disappointed. The $30 lobster tail was dry, over cooked, and not seasoned. Lobster is intended to be succulent and juicy , this was dry, tough, and stringy like over cooked steak. It even had to be ripped apart like a piece of steak. The lamb Sezoun was very displeasing to my tastebuds. The lack of heat (fire heat) did no favor to the horribly seasoned lamb  Sezoun. Upon tasting the $12 lo mein noodles our tongues told us that our eyes had not deceived us. It was dry, over cooked, sticking together, and very unappealing to all senses. The fact that all of our food was served lukewarm was more than we were willing to overlook. We asked to speak to a manager. When Sierra came to our table we began to explain our complaints she quickly snapped, interrupting, and turned her back to us saying she would get the owner. The owner arrived defensive and unwilling to listen to our complaints. All we wanted was for him to acknowledge that we were displeased with our dining experience. He never apologized, he completely overlooked and disregarded our dining experience. As though we were not the ones tasting the food, we were not the ones paying for the food. After requesting our check, which Ben graciously brought over, we found ourselves in a dilemma as to whether or not we should leave our 3/4 filled plates or take it home. We decided and asked for to go containers. At which time we heard Sierra, the manager, question our decision as to why were taking our $200 meal. When addressed we were shouted at from the other side of the room "it's not that deep, stay over there and do you mama, what my employees say is just talk, we do our business and you do yours". Might I remind you this is the manager speaking. She than left and went into a room in the back where we heard her saying that we left and refused to pay our bill. The owner appeared from the back, phone in hand, saying he called the police since we won't pay the bill. We were highly offended at his implication of us attempting to dine and dash. 

Throughout this horrendous ordeal not one time were we apologized to. Not one time were we given an option to rectify the situation. Not one time did we get the impression that anybody cared (minus Ben). We wanted the food the way it should have been presented to us. Neither the manager nor the owner offered to reheat the food, or even replace the food. We wanted to have a good time, with good company and good food. 

Sierra, the manager, did not do her job. The managers job is to diffuse the situation and appease the customer. When a customer presents a complaint she is supposed to offer a solution. Instead Sierra further incited it by being arrogant, ignorant, rude, loud, and obnoxious. She should have dealt with the issues when they were small and it would have never escalated to our dining experience being catastrophic at Inchin Bamboo Garden in North Olmstead, OH.
Well this was definetly a memorable experience, a bad one. And one that I hope to never repeat.
