B5xWYgJDSN4RPPk4DlUajQ A friend suggested this place and I started looking for an opportunity to visit. I drove 45 minutes one direction to fulfill my curiosity. Before leaving I verified that they only and always use halal meat.

We went to lunch buffet on a Sunday. The restaurant is clean professional looking with nice ambiance. The tables are located in a distance from each other, does not have a packed look like some other Indian restaurants. They have separated sections for groups of 6-8. They have enough people for service. Our table was checked quite often for filling our waters and removing the empty plates. I am not sure if their AC was on as I felt a little warm inside during a hot August day.

The plates, forks, spoons and dishes were placed on a long service table by the wall. I could not see dinner knives, and napkins were at register desk only. The setting of the dishes was OK to see and take each dish, but I am wondering why they do not set each dish against the wall, instead of placing them two by two. If they can turn all dishes to lean against the wall or set them in a 45 degree position, I believe that will give a better look and will make it much easier for customers to take their dishes. There was a label with the name of each dish, but not more than its name. It would be nice to see some, actually all, ingredients and spice level of each dish. I do not think all of their customers are familiar with all of their dishes. I am one of them. If they do that, that should be done with printed letters, instead of handwritten letters.

They had 2 soups, 2 types of appetizers, and many dishes that I did not count. 

I preferred to pass the soups to take advantage of other main dishes. 

2 appetizers were lentil patties and fried chestnuts. Lentil patties were crunchy but their inside was dry. Did not impress me. Fried chesnuts were new to me, they will not pull me back either. 

They had fried okra that I passed. Took a piece of naan but was not impressed. I do not mean it was bad, I mean it could be better like more crunchy and more appealing with bruhed butter on it.

A guy was making rice pan cakes on a separate grill inside the restaurant. Nice appealing idea and practice. We took a piece with potatoes filling to try, but could not finish because we had more to eat. More than lunch or dinner item, I would take it for breakfast.

They had plain rice and chicken biryani. I took a little from both. The chicken pieces in biryani were very few, and the one I took was dry, but the rice was very delicious. I could eat only that rice for lunch. 

They had tandoori chicken which was good, but I had better ones at other places and for cheaper !!! I beleive they should pay more attention to make the tandoori chicken from the peaces with bigger meat pieces on bones.

I had chicken tikka masala which was spicy but I liked it. 
I had chineese chicken pop corns, which were just ok to me. Not bad, and not very impressive.
I passed the lentil dish, paneer dish and hakka noodles.
I had goat curry, and remember having the better version at other places.

They also had another table for salads and sauces but I did not need to anything from those choices. 

I visited the desert table, but I was not lucky to get some rice pudding. It was gone before I got ready for deserts and they did not offer it again. That was not good for such a professional pace. But, they brought another desert after a while. The had 3 different deserts. Mango cream, Brown balls in syrup that was offered in place of rice pudding, and halva with cardamon flavor. I had the mango cream and halva twice. I would wish the mango cream was a little thicker. Halva was just great. It would be excellent to be offered Indian Chai with the deserts and I think it should not cost much to the restaurant to offer that.

Also, they could offer some kind of ice tea as part of the buffet. That would make the buffet more complete feast.

The chicken tikka masala, chicken biryani, goat curry and 2 deserts made my day. They were my favorites for this visit.

As far as the price, I think they charge the highest among the buffet restaurants.
Offering this many choices may be considered as incresaing the cost for the restaurant, but I do not think it does. If I am person who eats two plates, and they offer only one dish, let's say a chicken dish,  I will eat 2 plates of that dish. If they offer a second dish, for example chick peas, I will take one plate chicken and one plate chick peas. So, I am eating the same amount of food. However, the restaurant thinks they should charge me more and more for offering more choice. Yes, it takes extra effort to prepare two type of dishes instead of one, but I prefer to pay for what I eat, not for everything I was offered.

The bottom line, I do not think I will need to visit this place again because, it is in a distance from me, it is pricier than other places, and there was nothing with unique taste to take me back.
