B5xWYgJDSN4RPPk4DlUajQ UPDATE:  I'm reducing the star rating for this place.  Although the food quality continues to be good (see below) their service has hit the bottom of the pits now.  Its best to just get take out from here and not bother sitting down - you will get aggravated.  I am updating this review after 3 bad consecutive bad service from their wait staff, who are inattentive, have the air that they would rather be in the kitchen or somewhere else than on the dining floor.  They get the orders wrong and  don't pay attention while taking the order.


It's an un-assuming place in a strip mall with a rickshaw stationed in the front. Once you stepped through the first standard glass door you face two dark wood carved doors & the smell of Indian curry hits you. You realize something good is behind the doors. Bamboo Garden is an Indo-Chinese fusion - Mostly Indian with a historical Chinese influence. More is explained in their menu  Don't let this fusion business fool or confuse you. In the heart of it, this place is good Indian delish food. The atmosphere is open airy & well lit. Very different from the usual crammed dimly lit Indian sit-down joints. Their food is superb - well short of the true authentic home made Indian. 

The patronage is always a mix - the wide eyed curious first timers to the well trained foodies - but it's never an overwhelming crowd. The menu contains the usual Indian fair however you will see Chinese items alongside. These items are cooked with a heavy Indian influence - spices & Indian aromatics. The service staff are courteous & accommodating. They are well spoken. Bamboo Garden shares it's kitchen with Tadka which is next door and markets itself to be fully Indian. You can ask for menu of both from one place. I have found little difference however. 

Their lunch buffet also is more extravagant than others I have seen around. The items are actually well prepared & the number of dishes are always double the number than other Indian buffet.  They even have a party center for rent which is always hosting a function on weekends of course catered by Bamboo Garden.

Insider tips #1: order a green coconut for your drink. Once finished, ask them to split it apart and try the soft semi-white semi-sweet jelly-like inside. 

Insider tip #2: ask for both menus if you want even more variety. 

Insider tip #3: mind the spicy factor. When they say very spicy they Do meany very very very spicy. If you are used to the usual very spicy then order mild here.

Insider tip #4: ask for less sweet if you order their sweet mango lassi.
