B5xWYgJDSN4RPPk4DlUajQ After a long and good time spent at the Cayuhoga National Park with trekking, walking and what not, it was definitely time for some lunch. The desire to be back home soon meant finding a place nearer to West Lake.

Eating out is not as easy as what it seems, specially when the choice of cuisine is concerned. I don't recall how we settled down to an Indo-Chinese one. But Inchin's Bamboo Garden it was - the place to be for our lunch. Where a sumptuous buffet awaited all of its guests for the afternoon.

When entering in, the really huge and spacious setup was truly mind blowing - with some bamboo decor being present to be true to its name.  

The lunch buffet was placed in a strategic fashion in a corner of the building but yet providing for ample space for everyone to walk in and walk out with their food without elbowing out anyone else in the process. 

The buffet itself consisted of a wide variety of vegetarian and non vegetarian dishes. Their very notable take on the buffet menu was their dosa. There were only two varieties served. I happened to understand there used to be several more earlier but resignation of a chef has forced them to pare down on the number of dosa offerings. Not that it was any material for me to begin with - since I was there for the first time any case!! 

The dosas were freshly made in a separate counter. There was no oil / ghee available for the podis Peanut / Cocunut chutneys were not excellent but the dosa quality didn't require it either. You could munch one down as is when it was hot.

There were a couple of chaat items laid out in another table diagnoally opposite the dosa counter. I didn't give that a try and therefore, cannot write much about it except to say they had a lot of varieties.

There was an offer of a mango lassi or sugarcane juice that was freshly squeezed - and the sugarcane juice was a BIG win. It tasted awesome.

The buffet had two soup startes, a lot of appetizers like cutlets, chilli corn etc. They were all baked to the perfection. The cutlet specially didn't feel as if it was just potato stuffing.

The main course consisted of plain cumin rice, sambhar, rasam, vegetable biriyani, naan, goat biriyani and chicken biryani as well. 

The dessert menu consisted of the fruit custard, gulab jamun and carrot halwa. My favorite was the custard.

This place is definitely fit for families, single folks, couples - just about anyone who wants to have something. They have definitely tried to carve out something for everybody in their buffet menu even while trying to keep it as optimal as possible.
