bfR-vJvrjdOJaWsXGJgzPA Wow have things changed! Looks like they are cutting corners like crazy now. Every single dish seems to have changed recipes and the food went from tasting fresh to tasting like every other fast dash Indian place. The quality decline does not warrant the current prices. At all. Don't get me wrong, if you know you're going in for meh Indian food, then this is fairly okay, as long as you are prepared. We weren't. It had been a while since we ordered from here and were excited to do so tonight. Sadly, this has definitely been our last time ordering Veda. I will also stop recommending them. I don't know how long they have had their new recipes in place but I hate to think of how many people I have sent there only to have them eat warmed up frozen, rubbery chicken in a canned sauce.

First of all, the delivery guy behaved as if we were some dirt beneath his shoe. I have never seen such a scowl and he had the body language of somebody who did not like us for whatever reason and did not want to be there at all. We couldn't understand his attitude because were were smiley and polite but no matter how polite we were he just acted as if we were scum. We tipped him anyway. Kind of regret that the more I think of how scowled he was. 

We shrugged and moved on because we were excited to dig into our food. Right away it seemed different. I took a bite of the veg samosa and the mush inside of it was fairly okay but bland and the texture was a little off-putting. The pastry was good, though. The chickpeas were pretty good but you could tell that they were canned and that the sauce tasted like it was from a jar. The butter chicken was the worst. It was rubbery, the texture was very processed and the sauce was definitely from a can or a jar. This depressed me the most because the butter chicken used to be sooo good. As little as last year, their butter chicken tasted so much fresher and the sauce tasted much more home made. It also had much more spice as well as taste. That is all gone now. 

The chutney was definitely from a jar. That is just a fact. It was too sweet, had hardly any spice to it and very liquidy. Their mango chutney used to be really chunky, spicy and tangy. It definitely tasted much fresher before. Now it is a jarred sauce that is slightly inferior to Pataks. 

The brown rice was good and the naan was good. They have a great curried slaw that they have added and it is pretty tasty but overall they have lost everything that made them great and worth the slightly higher price. Gone are the days of fresh and healthy tasting food from this place. It used to settle in the stomach lightly but this new stuff has settled very heavy in my stomach and I am still feeling uncomfortable from it hours later. They are now just another fast food Indian place that uses processed, easy to heat up food to cut corners. They are just not worth it anymore. And that makes us sad.
