bg3YcuqVyQofTz5d4kKgug I went to Fredricks with the girlfriend on a Friday night right before we went to see a movie. 

I've heard good things about this place from many friends and have wanted to try it out for quite some time but just haven't had the time to visit this part of the city.

At first appearance, there is nothing impressive from the outside. It is located in a desolate plaza but what is apparent is that those who visit the plaza often are in Fredricks themselves.

When walking in to Fredricks, I noticed that they have an individual area for takeout that is before the actual sitdown area itself. The lunch menu looks about the same as other Hakka places around the city but for $5.75 it sure beats the generic burger from McDonalds. 

Upon entering, the first impression is that the restaurant is quite small. Probably seats about 25-30 at the most. We got a table right away and our table was clean and well setup. The napkin in the glass was a nice touch. 

My one complaint is when restaurants leave the utensils on the table themselves. Not very sanitary but pretty standard in restaurants.

I ordered the Chilli Chicken & Chicken Pakoras and the GF ordered the General Tso chicken. All the dishes were excellent and were large portions. The one complaint here is that the restaurant is super stingy with the rice. You'd think given the portion sizes they would be a little more relaxed about giving away some rice. 

The dishes were prepared quickly and tasted great. 5/5 here. 

Now I'll get to why I didn't rate this place didn't get a higher rating from me. Firstly, the rice issue was a bit of a downer given that we ordered several dishes. To get one bowl of rice is not cool. 

Secondly, the kitchen staff come out from time to time and sit down in the restaurant area and stare at the patrons eating the food. Not a glance, but full on staring. I caught 3 or 4 of the chefs watching me eat my food. Even with me making eye contact with them for several seconds they continued to stare. A bit uncomfortable but didn't stop me from eating my meal. 

Overall, this is a great Hakka restaurant to try out, but I've definitely had better. The service was great, the food was great and the portions were plentiful.

I recommend you try it out sometime.
