bg3YcuqVyQofTz5d4kKgug Federick is an ideal example of a poor choice that keeps repeating itself. Believe me, I am still perplexed as to why I keep dining here even though I've never really received anything outstanding. All I can really say is that it's popular in Scarborough, particularly among UTSC students (note: I'm a grad).

When I arrived last week, the restaurant was booked up for a birthday party.  Therefore, the workers gave out numbers and began a lineup for walk-ins.  Strangely enough, this numbering system was poorly managed, which infuriated the family ahead of me. Customer service has never been Federick's strong point, so I wasn't fazed by this occurence. All I can safely say is that if the restaurant has been booked up for a party, it's best to look elsewhere for grub.

Furthermore, I wouldn't recommend you to bring any company that is stringent about hygienic standards. It is commonplace to receive cutlery and dishes that haven't been fully washed.  During times like these, I wouldn't bother asking for replacements, as we've received dishes of the same unsanitary quality. Just order a canned beverage instead of drinking from your glass and try to ignore the smudges on your plate. 

Now, going back to the service, the servers can either be nonchalant or borderline rude. I have had servers who have clucked their tongues at me when I've been a bit slow at grabbing my wallet from my bag; I've had ones who would never check up on our table; and I've had the types who would just hastingly push food onto the table. If good service is key for you or if you're the type to easily get irritated at rude or careless actions, then stay away from this restaurant. 

The food is also not a saving grace. The portions are reasonable to excellent and the flavours are decent to great, as I find the seasonings and spice combinations to be enjoyable.  However, any quality other than taste can sometimes be lack-luster. For example, the breading on the pakoras can be too thick at times, making them slightly soft by the end of the meal, and the wanton soups can...lack a decent number of wontons!  By no means were all the dishes terrible. Some were flavourful, but I have never been ''hooked'' onto any dish I've tried here. 

Overall, I wouldn't recommend Federick if you're craving quality Hakka food. If you're on a budget and aren't too picky with sanitation and service, then you may want to try the combos at the back of the menu (see my photo).
