bO_JX-lDo5D5JGZhK5Ly3A Being Indian and having eaten at many of the best Indian restaurants in the valley, I'm not your usual casual diner who knows nothing about Indian food. I usually eat dosa and South Indian fare at Woodlands (Ray and Rural). I tried Cafe Krishna for a change. I was disappointed. The service was lousy. The waitstaff was not rude and in fact they were very friendly but the wait was too long. We ordered an appetizer and two dosas. They took a 30 minutes to bring us our appetizer and another 30 minutes (1 hour) before we got our dosa. It was not busy when we ordered. There were only 3 couples in the restaurant at the time and they had 3 waiters. They never checked on us and we had to flag them down to get our bill. One of the waiters is an Eastern European woman who spoke no English and had never waited tables before. She brought our chaat to our table and didn't even bring plates with it.

The food itself was good but not noteworthy. Their chutneys were not tasty or flavorful. The coconut chutney at Woodlands is a lot better. The dosa had very little sabji (potato) filling and was nearly entirely just one large crepe. The dosa at Woodlands includes much more sabji. I did like the sabji and thought it was better than Woodlands because it was slightly less greasy. The samosa chaat was not good. It had very little samosa (maybe two small pieces of one samosa)  and the rest of it included vegetables. It wasn't bad but neither was it tasty.

The only positive aspect to the place was it's ambience. Despite its "cafe" name, the place is a sit-down restaurant. It's nicer than many full fledged Indian restaurants in the valley. It was clean, spacious with many booths. and decorated well. You are seated, given a menu and a waiter takes your order. It's not like Woodlands in which you order at the register. It has a full menu but it's vegetarian. It's also a South Indian place so I wouldn't recommend ordering saag paneer and North Indian dishes because South Indians don't know how to cook North Indian food. 

I will not come back because the service was too slow. Even when we flagged our waiter for our bill, there was another couple who had sat for 15 minutes and had not even had their drink orders taken. Honestly, why would I wait an hour to eat Dosa when I can go up the street and eat at Woodlands and get the same quality dosa in 10 minutes. I'm pretty forgiving of slow service if the restaurant is super busy or if there is only one server but this was different. You could tell the waiters had no previous experience waiting tables and had no sense of urgency. They didn't know how to refill drinks, check up on you, bring your bill to you on time. It seemed like they were related to the owner or were part owners and tried to be servers. If the restaurant improved their speed and service, I would recommend this place. Hopefully that will improve
