BSchC5THOB0MFmzJTEqAnQ I had a groupon for $50 worth of takeout à la carte. I pre-ordered butter chicken, baigan bharta (eggplant), chana masala (chick peas), peas pulau (basmati rice), chicken momos (Nepali dumplings), and some plain naan. The food was ready right on time, piping hot and packaged in leakproof plastic containers, a big plus.

The momos were the only Nepali dish I ordered. I have had them before elsewhere, and these were similarly pleasant - fresh, light, well-seasoned - and came with a very nice dipping sauce. Personally I prefer typical dim sum dumplings, but these momos make a nice sharable appetizer.

The guy who took my order asked me to specify spice level for each dish; so I chose a range. I kept the butter chicken mild; it had a nice tomato, creamy sauce with just a hint of sweetness (currants or raisins?). It was a good dish, but I have had better. The chana masala came with medium heat - another tasty tomato-based sauce with al dente chick peas. The eggplant - which I ordered spicy hot - was the best version of this dish I have ever tasted; a thick puree of roasted eggplant served with yet another tomato-based sauce. In retrospect, maybe I should have chosen a greater range of sauces. The pulau and naan were both fine, simple accompaniments.

All the dishes were served in generous portions, piping hot. The spice level was varied adeptly; spicy hot is noticeably hot, but nowhere near the point where you are desperate for a glass of water. I wish they would garnish with more than just a few leaves of cilantro; all the heavy sauces could use additional freshness that herbs impart. I would also suggest adding a raita or other side dishes.

When I arrived to pick up my order, a large table was finishing their meal, and they had nothing but raves and "We'll be back". Service, limited as it was in this takeout capacity, was fast and friendly. They even encouraged me to buy additional groupons, which is a welcome change. 

I will definitely be back. This is a homey, student-y kind of place with good deals on pre-set meals. It is not fancy dining, but it fits in well with the Leaside area.
