bU6mVZSuO5EpvfUay87e8g What's this? Yet another review of something within spitting distance of your house Chris?! Quelle surprise!

Get over it. It's happening.

Sure enough, Kebabish is situated not two minutes from my house on Dalry Road, and if I wasn't spoiled enough already with the likes of Chop Chop and Sushiya a mere stone's throw away (amongst many other fine places), there's now another place to add to the list. That's right, Kebabish was surprisingly top notch.

We were met, seated and made our order with no fuss or bother and the food arrived pretty quickly too. Fun times!

So the food itself... my bud had the chicken wings for starters. They were amongst the finest chicken wings  I've ever had in a restaurant. Fact. I went for the quail (more for the novelty than anything) and for those who've not had quail... meh, it's alright I guess. This is purely down to a consequence of the meat itself and not the cooking or presentation of it - it was cooked well and has quite a satisfying meaty taste, there's just not much of it. I would have much rather had the wings...

For mains we both went for Karahis, I got the chicken and he got the lamb. Mine was better. For the uninitiated, a Karahi is a cooking pot which is used in the preparation of the dish - just so you know... (EDUCATIONAL REVIEWS!) The dishes themselves were mightily tasty with a nice mix of spice and flavour  - not bland and hot like many other curries, really quite delicate whilst potent. Oh hello ginger, thanks for that flavour explosion in my mouth! (I love ginger) - accompaniments in the form of rice and naan were satisfying but somewhat short of being noteworthy.

And hey, how could we not at least give mention to BYOB with no corkage. Simply brilliant.

The fly in the ointment and the reason for four stars in place of five? Well firstly the lamb in the Karahi was a little tough and (although still quite tasty) hadn't been cooked anywhere long enough to let it come close to being as good as the chicken. Secondly... £4.90 for two popadoms and dips?!  I even went and checked online to make sure we hadn't been jipped and true enough there it is plain as day... As someone who has frequented curry houses since youth I have never in my days seen that kind of disproportionate pricing. 

But hey, don't buy the pops and you're in for a treat.
