BuC5gidaUkXs0YPZmvQexA This morning I was in Brampton for some medical tests that needed to be done.  As I had also been fasting for 12 straight hours, I was starving and in the mood for some heavy breakfast.  I was looking up nearby breakfast places when I remembered that yelp had just sent out a link for a number of Pie places around the GTA.

The Pie Guyz had some good reviews,  So I decided to have pie.  I showed up at 09:30 and they were still setting up the Pie case
I was greeted by this very polite gentleman named Sujeet (owner), after the initial chit chat it was time for me to order some Good Ol' Pie, they have a huge selection of pies, these are single serving 5' pies, and fortunately for me, Sujeet had just brought out a Kitchen bakery rack full of fresh oven baked Pies, Yeeeaaah! I decided to go with the peppered steak Pie, and I've got one word for you, WOW! 

It was warm, flavorful and flaky and just perfect! So I had to get 4 more for later.  Then, the owner informed me that they have a "buy 5 and the 6th one free" special and I, of course, jumped on it. 

These are the pies I got and their individual reviews:

Peppered steak Pie-Taste 5/5 and spicy level 0/5 
Steak and Mushroom Pie-Taste 5/5 and spicy level 0/5
Butter Chicken Pie-Taste 4/5 and spicy level 3/5
Chicken Peri Peri -Taste 3.5/5 and spicy level 2.5/5
Curry Lamb Pie-Taste 5/5 and spicy level 4/5
Chicken Vindaloo Pie, I did not taste this one, but the feed back i got was" very good"

Overall:
it is a unique and simple ol' fashioned Pie Shop.
It is certified HALAL, for all my Muslim folks
There is a good amount of seating available inside the restaurant
The kitchen is visible, and it was very clean
Fantastic Customer Service and Quality Food


TIP: When you take a Pie home, Puff pastries, anything made with Phyllo dough, or it has a crust, Please, Please, and Please use a Toaster Oven or an actual Oven to heat it up. A microwave destroys pastries, it makes them clammy and soggy.

So go out there, enjoy some pies, also feel free to send me a feed back, and above all, write your own review :)
