BXeXS9EaNN03AptFwElvjA If 10-to-10 in Delhi were a white-walled, standard café it wouldn't be getting as high a rating. 

But it's not. It is a gorgeous, small yet overwhelming little cave of a café covered in floor to ceiling with throws, occasinoal wafts of incense floating across the smell of curry and cutting through the Bollywood tunes. Whilst my date was excited at the thought of actually sitting on the floor to eat (apparently partial to it) we weren't quite there, but the seats are low and cushy and comfy so it definitely lends itself to relaxed café culture than restaurant.

But then you order a huge plate of curry for lunch and wonder how you could justify this on a weekly basis. I mean, you can't say you couldn't afford it considering it only costs £4 for a plate of steaming, fresh curry (£2 for their student deals. Seriously). And if you don't want curry there are cakes and amazing sounding coffees. Mango cheesecake with an amaretto coffee? Yes please.

It is just..magical. Which kind of overshadowed the fact my curry was only so-so. I ordered the daily special of lamb curry. Presentation definitely lacking (see photo), but hey curry isn't exactly going for those brownie points anyway. A bit sloppy, a lot of sauce, the 'steamed' turret of rice that goes a bit chewy quite quickly, very very small side salad. The lamb was nice and tender, but there wasn't much of it. And the curry was strangely not spicy...at all. My date agreed her veggie curry was also not spicy. Not even mild, just no spice. It's hard to say what the taste was as usually there is some form of obvious spice, even mustard, cutting through mild curries.

So for the food itself, I would not rush back. The cheesecake maybe. But if you are short of pennies and want a very filling meal, in quite magical surroundings you won't find anywhere else in Edinburgh, then 10-to-10 in Delhi in the place.

I think it might be a case of they do some things really well (their chai lattes and cheesecakes) and it's good value and it's really kitschy and put together. But for a foodie like me, I know I could get something far more flavoursome for only a few pound more.

Still, it was perfect for a lunchtime date.
