C_chktl5jFeRqu1C0rmScA Lunch Buffet review!!!

Went here for the lunch buffet for $10.99 per person.  The sign boasts over twenty five items served, which includes the pickle sauce, yoghurt, fried chilli, salad dressing and mixed greens as sides. For main dishes, they had brown rice, lemon rice and mutton biryani.  The biryani was amazing! They also had king fish curry, chicken curry, lentils with curry, green curry with some non meat ingredient, potato curry and mango curry. They had some spicy dish with okra, onion pakora and three types of soup, including vegetable soup, cabbage soup and crab soup.  They had butter naan and a crunchy thin round paratha looking bread.  They had two desserts, one which was made with coconut milk, I believe, with some salty ingredient mixed In and a fruit salad. They have great quality dishes for a buffet. They don't skimp on the ingredients.  I read the menu before coming here and I don't think they had, if any, the Kerala dishes which was marked by an asterisk on their menu present at the buffet.  I'd like to have tried the dishes mixed with coconut or those with banana leaf which is indicated as a Kerala dish on their online menu.  Perhaps the dish varieties at the buffet changes. Overall, the quality and taste of the food was great.  Each dish had its own distinct flavour and spices.  Note that the crab soup was very spicy, but the chicken curry was not spicy at all.  The butter naan was warm, soft and fresh. It was great pairing it with the different sauces and curry dishes. They give you a water jug which is great, and serve their coca cola in an old school bottle with a straw. They were not quick with refilling the food items or the plates, nor were they quick in clearing up plates.  I just decided to re-use the first plate I had or my second round.  The biryani was empty for my second round until I left the place, which is at least fifteen minutes. Since I only took two spoonfuls the first time around (I wanted to try everything in small bite sized portions).  I wish they had re-filled because I liked it.

Note that I found his place on yelp and decided to try it, partly because there  was a check in option of 5% off your order. I asked if this promotion includes the buffet or just take out orders. The waiter did not know anything about this promotion, showed him the app, so I asked for a manager. He came back with no response so I showed the yelp app and asked again. He talked to my companion and said something about talking to the owner who was siting there. Owner did not approach us. We were then given a bill and they did not give loose change so you had to at least tip the 5 dollar bill change. I don't appreciate being basically forced to tip more than fifteen percent.

The whole place was pretty quiet which is a nice way to dine.  Was not impressed with the handling of my question related to the yelp deal and the change provided. I thought the owner might have at least informed the waiter whether this deal was for takeout, dine-in or buffet.  He could have come answered the question himself which I thought he would do, when I saw him stand up and look our way. But I just got the feeling he was looking over in disdain and then promptly served us the bill so we could leave.

Food was good, but the experience was soured, so I give it three stars.
