c_ZDTkfDlfzLm0a3osk1ow First, I'm going to call out several of these fake reviews and welcome any newbie yelpers to be my 'friend', but i know it won't happen.

Secondly, within a two mile radius two indian food restaurants closed within a year, one just a month ago, and three new indian restaurants have opened. You have to either question the intelligence or admire the huevos of any business owner opening a restaurant amidst so much competition. Unfortunately, in this case, it won't turn out to be such a bold, impressive move. I can't see these restaurants all surviving in the area at the same time, and the best will find it's way to the top. 
It won't be Indian Paradise 2. 

After a couple of tries, this place is just not that good. 
They offer a somewhat larger appearing selection than some of the other indian buffets. The first visit, when they had a busy rush due to their grand opening, this larger selection seemed like a good thing. However, on the second visit, when it was slower,  the food was sitting out aging for too long compared to their customer count, so it did not stay fresh. 

The dishes are decidedly unimpressive, and ethnically confusing.  Imagine a dish that is basically a chinese lo mein noodle, with a flavor profile similar to mexican spanish rice, and there's also a chinese chicken dish with indian spices.  There was a decent curry, but the masala tasted like salsa. (Perhaps the written recipe had a typo, who knows?)  The "mango" chutney and custard have mango-flavored pears and other mixed canned fruit bits.  

The bread that came as I finished my lunch was hot and fresh, and very full of fresh garlic bits, but also had some weird anise seed baked into the dough, imparting an odd licoricey flavor that I didn't enjoy.

Sitting down to a Stella Artois water glass was just stupid, and the multiple pieces of FLY PAPER strips hanging from the ceiling, one over a food prep/bar area, the other over a customer dining table, just really ensured that I won't be back, not even to fall for another $2 off coupon.

I am not sure which dish it was that my body chemistry altered as it attempted to digest, and it made me all burpy the entire afternoon - and the burps tasted like the non-marshmallow, oatey, catfood bits of Lucky Charms.
