-R2kwt0qMnzwEdAfXPvkXg This is one of those "don't judge a book by its cover" restaurants. Our friends suggested meeting here for dinner, and since we love Indian food, we were game for trying it. But when we first pulled up to the nondescript building located on a dark street in Monroeville, we thought maybe our friends hadn't actually invited us there for dinner, but instead to murder us and dump our bodies.

The inside of this place doesn't look much better than the outside. It is reminiscent of an 80's cafeteria and we were hit with a strong smell of cleaning chemicals when we first walked in. So needless to say, this did not appear like it would be a tasty eatery upon first impression.

But -- surprise -- it IS in fact a delicious restaurant! It's Southern Indian and all vegetarian. We ordered several dishes and ate family style. 

We started with the appetizer sampler -- a huge platter of goodies, including a samosa, several kinds of pakodas (fried veggies -- onion, chili pepper), an onion-y donut-like thing (I forget what it was called), steamed lentil cakes, and several kinds of chutneys (coconut, cilantro and tamarind). I LOVED the samosa -- it probably was the best I've ever had. It was packed with tons of flavorful veggies, a crispy shell, and not too greasy. The pakodas were delectable, though to be fair, it's pretty easy to win me over with anything fried. I wasn't a huge fan of the lentil cakes -- they were a bit bland. The tastiness factor of the goodies was enhanced by the chutneys. I was partial to the cilantro chutney (it had a bit of a kick to it, which I love) and the coconut chutney (I could drink that stuff by the cupful!)

For our meals, we ordered two dosas (paper dosa and spring dosa) and two curries (aloo matar and another whose name is escaping me, but it had potatoes and little veggie balls). It was notable that they did not ask for a spice level for any of the dishes -- other Indian restaurants that I frequent let you choose how hot you'd like it. Because of this, the food in general was not as spicy as I would have preferred -- the dishes we ordered were definitely geared towards a tamer spice palette.

Lack of spiciness notwithstanding, everything we ordered was really delicious! My favorite was definitely the paper dosa. This was a burrito-type monstrosity with wrapping that is thin and crispy, kind of like a crepe. It was stuffed with a creamy potato and onion mixture, served with coconut chutney and sambar soup. The spring dosa was also yummy, consisting of a soft tortilla-like bread that housed a flavorful mixture of onions and other veggies. Our entree curries were outstanding as well. The aloo matar was a mix of potatoes and peas in a tomato-y curry sauce. It was slightly sweet, slightly acidic and very flavorful -- I was not shy about dousing the rice with tons of the curry sauce! The other entree was also quite delicious, with veggie balls and potatoes swimming in curry sauce with a flavor quite similar to that of the aloo matar. 

The value here was stellar too -- we had more than enough food for the four of us (two dosas, two entrees, a huge appetizer platter, and two mango lassies to drink) and it only cost about $50 total. Overall, we loved our meal and will definitely be back, despite its dank location on murder lane.
