c1_adyjYG6JEa1PZAXMOBg It has been a while since I dined at an Indian restaurant so I was looking forward to this one after a friend had recommended it.  Service was friendly and courteous.  So that alone would make me want to go back.  Since there was a group of us, we were able to taste a number of dishes.  

Because Indian food is not exactly cheap nor are the portions big, I'll base my individual ratings mainly on the quality of the food and their prices/portions. This may be helpful to those who are new to South Asian dining. 

[Appetizers]
Chili Gobi Dry - Sort of like their version of vegetable tempura.  Was very nicely seasoned so it was very flavourful.  Because it's deep fried, it was of course a little on the greasy side.  4/5. 

Devil Chicken - If you like spicy, then you'd like this dish.  I didn't find it overly spicy that you would lose its flavour so I thoroughly enjoyed this.  Good sized platter and with the flavour of the chicken, I give it 5/5.

[Side Dishes]
Chili Chicken - Very very nice.  You get a good amount of garnishing along with the good amount of chicken.  Definitely worth the cost. 5/5.

Butter Chicken - Didn't exactly try the chicken but I definitely tried the sauce. I've never had such creamy sauce.  Was so creamy that it was even a little bit on the sweet side.  I usually have Butter Chicken with Basmati Rice but due to dietary restrictions (I know, dietary restrictions but going to an Indian restaurant.. lame), I instead enjoyed it with some of their Garlic Naan and a piece of Parotta (I'll get to those shortly).  Some people drink the Swiss Chalet sauce and if I weren't watching my diet right now, I'd be drinking this sauce, too.  5/5.

Boiled Egg - I know it's boiled egg but some people don't know how to boil a damn egg. I'm a (self acclaimed) egg connoisseur and I must say that these babies were boiled perfectly. If this were a scene from A Hundred Foot Journey (which every foodie should watch, by the way), I'd hire the person who was in charge of boiling eggs to be my Head Chef. Or maybe just my main boiler. 5/5.

[Indian Breads]
Parotta - Delicious.  Definitely a must have along with that delicious Butter Chicken especially if you're a lame-o like me trying to avoid as much rice as possible. 5/5.

Garlic Naan - As delicious as it was, I felt a little cheated.  Seemed like they just took some plain Naan and brushed it with some butter and garlic.  Again, don't get me wrong, it was delicious, but I've had better.  Specifically at Samosa King where I literally wait 10-minutes for the fresh Garlic Naan.  The difference? The one at Samosa King seems to be kneaded directly with the minced garlic and then brushed with butter.  Because of the amount they give you, though, I'd give it 5/5.  

[Biryani]
Chicken Biryani - You're given a choice of boneless or bone-in chicken.  The difference is basically white meat/breast or drumsticks, respectively. That's what I'm assuming anyway because that's what I got and let's face it, drumsticks are cheaper to serve.  You also won't really know until you receive it and after digging underneath the rice (yes, I caved in and ordered rice). Boneless I'm assuming is white meat since there's a difference in price.  $2 to be exact.  With each order, you'll also receive a boiled egg.  Going back to Samosa King, I've had their Chicken Biryani but I prefer this one better.  Found the flavour of this one a little simpler yet very satisfying. But focusing on the price vs quality/quantity, I'd give it 4/5.  

Overall it was a pleasant experience and I would definitely go back.  Because of its richness, though, I'd wait a little while to go back.  As active as I am, I'm probably still burning the calories earned from this lunch.
