c1_adyjYG6JEa1PZAXMOBg The food her gets 4 stars, however the service was definitely a 1 star as the waiter almost contributed to the death of one of my friends. 

I came here with a group of friends this past Sunday prior to catching a movie. One of my friends and I decided to share an appetizer and a couple of mains. For appetizer we settled on the ghee dosa which is basically a crepe cooked in ghee (clarified butter) and served with 3 condiments for dipping. OMFG the dosa was sublime! It was extremely crispy and flaky. The dough had a great buttery taste from the ghee; I do not even want to know how many calories were in this thing. The accompanying condiments were all good (I was not a huge fan of the coconut sambal) but otherwise these were great to dip our crispy dosa in. The presentation of the dosa was awesome too, served in the shape of a mountain this resulted in a couple of cool photo ops.

For mains my friend and I decided to get mutton biryani and butter chicken with garlic naan. The biryani was very good, it had a nice kick and the mutton in it was very tender. If you do get the biryani eat with caution as there were small bones in the mutton and whole spices and seeds for flavouring so be sure to pick these out or risk getting a mouthful of anise seed, as I did. The biryani was also served with 2 condiments; I enjoyed the yogurt with onions as it really balanced out the spiciness of the biryani.  The butter chicken was a pleasant surprise too considering that it is not a south Indian dish. The chicken was served in boneless chunks which were quite large, the gravy was very creamy and not very spicy, this dish was very enjoyable. 

This was my first experience with south Indian food and all in all the food was very good, our entire table enjoyed their dishes. The service on the other hand was pretty dismal. Our young waiter seemed intimidated by our group of 7 people; it was clear that most of our table was not familiar with the menu items but he did not offer any explanations or provide us with any suggestions. My other friend wanted to order the biryani also but asked the waiter if it contained nuts (he has a severe allergy) the waiter came back and said the biryani contained cashews. My friend and his girlfriend proceeded to say that they would just share a masala dosa and a side of kotthu roti. The waiter brought them their food but failed to mention that the kotthu roti also contained cashews. My friend luckily caught this within a couple of bites but it was too late, he already had a reaction and had to leave to go get medication. The waiter looked stunned when we told him what happened and said it was a miscommunication, we spoke to the manager and he gave my friend and his girlfriend their dinner for free. I hope they learn from this mistake and start to take food allergies more seriously because if it was a child or something the situation could have been a lot worse. 

The restaurant itself was pretty average in terms of décor and it definitely has an authentic Indian feel (most of the patrons were Indian/Sri Lankan). The prices were fair and most dishes were in the $8-13 dollar range. Bonus for having 2 Indian beers in stock! I will likely return and give them a second chance but they need to step up their game in the service department!
