C3PVq7UpeHd6nz1_e-AtkA Kalendar is a beautiful cozy restaurant located in Little Italy, west of College and Bathurst (just past Palmerston Street on the north side) that offers a Parisian vibe, owned and operated by childhood sweethearts known simply as Ellis and Cher-Ann.

Kalendar has come a long way. The building has been at its current location since 1912, and has always been a meeting place in the community. From its origins as a barber shop to its final transformation as a restaurant in 1994, the owners take pride in the fact that Kalendar has been named the best spot for a first date.

The atmosphere is beautifully romantic, with dark wood panelling and seating, dim lighting, and décor that sets off an intimate tone that almost makes you feel as if you have been transported to a European cafe. Our favourite spot is the 4 seater wooden booth in the far back corner underneath the almost unseen DJ booth, which we've somehow managed to snag a spot at every time we've gone (here's for travelling in large groups!)

The menu is varies from Italian and Indian-inspired cuisine, and they have a nice variety of wines and cocktails at a reasonable price. The dishes they are most known for is perhaps their "scrolls", which are rotis that are a mix of North American and Indian ingredients.

Taylor and I both ordered pizza at Kalendar, our favourite. The crust is always thin and the combinations of toppings put a creative and delicious twist on an otherwise ordinary, run-of-the-mill dish. I got a Mediterrean-style pizza--Pizza 1--a thin dahl-puri crust with olives, mushrooms, sundried tomatoes, onions and feta cheese; Taylor got Pizza 4, a thin crust with a pesto base, a brie-style cheese, roasted chicken, roasted red peppers, yellow zucchini and red onion.

unnamed3The good: The food is well priced for the portions, and comes fairly quickly. They have a good size patio, perfect for watching College Street on those warm summer nights. The atmosphere is delightful and one of our favourites along this strip.

The bad: They don't take reservations so it's first come, first serve. Street parking during the day is usually available but come night time, it's almost always packed. The best option would be to look for parking lots or take the College streetcar.

Overall: Kalendar is a reasonably priced and warm little restaurant. It's usually always fairly crowded without being overwhelming packed, and it's the perfect spot for a first date or catch-up dinner with good friends.
