-8QlV3b_9H4BAh6LgMIr1g I work a lot and travelled around the world to Paris and London to name a few.. I decided to treat myself to dinner on this Sunday evening and had a craving for some authentic and traditional Indian Cuisine...the last time I went to one was in London. First walking in the restaurant, I noticed it had a nice layout with their statues including camels and beautiful pictures of Indian traditional dance & clothing then traditional cultural music in background. I've been a restaurant critic for years and I'm very picky. The menu had a nice selection , the prices seem a bit high but I have class and figured there was a reason behind it so I ordered Lamb Saag with choice of spicy(creamed spinach dish) with Garlic Naan bread and Indian Chai Tea. The Lamb was cooked perfectly, nice and soft and the spices was delicious with the spinach being perfect in creaminess. The garlic Naan bread was moist enough and not dry with perfect amount of garlic used to blend in with the bread. The chai tea was good. I spent about $28 before tip yet the portions were quite large, good enough for two people.. Luckily I only ate small breakfast earlier today so I was able to finish most of my food..everything was delicious and perfect ..texture, spice, and even the rice was perfect..Oh.. Fyi this is the first restaurant I been to where I didn't complain about the water..the water was fresh, filtered,clean, and cold. This restaurant's dishes was worth every penny and more, so I'm giving it 5 stars..it was just as nice if not better than the one in upscale London..and definitely better than the ones here in AZ I went to so far.  The service was good too. My only recommendations if they were ever to ask is it would be a bonus for traditional outfits to be worn for the waiter/waitresses serving us and to be able to purchase wine and beer imported from India..wanted to get Indian bottle of wine for my visiting partner (who is a big fan of Indian Cuisine) when he visits here from London during the holidays..We're definitely going here together soon.
