-s_U95xEEmJu5GK-srqpUA My wife and I came here on Sunday  (4-10-2016). This place was pretty nice walking in. Without getting into details of the surroundings, let me get right into the food. I ordered a plate with lamb. I wish I could remember the name of the plate, but it was $18.00 and it was lamb, My wife had a spicy curry chicken (again, I don't remember the exact name). The lamb was a bit over cooked. It was a very "well done" (like leather) cut of meat. I've always cooked or ordered my lamb medium to medium rare, but I wasn't asked how I would like it cooked when my oder was taken. It came out on a hot iron skillet with veggies surrounding the lamb drying to a crisp. I was also given a Bowl of white rice to complete my plate. 
On a scale of 1-10 for my order, I would give it a 4. The meat was to dry, veggies were dried as well. On the other hand, I like what they were doing with the flavor. Had the meat been rescued from the oven maybe 10 minutes earlier with about 5 minutes to rest, the plate would have been phenomenal! 
Let me backup to drinks.
They brought to our table a pitcher of water that had citrus slices and possibly mint marinating at the bottom. This water, although looking refreshing, was far from it. It was room temperature, if not warmer and served in room temperature glasses, not one cube of ice was even offered. So far this was the only type of drink we were offered. My wife finally asked a table runner if we could order drinks, he quickly got the attention of a waiter (not ours). I ordered an iced tea, my wife ordered a really good orange looking drink (mango lassi). Iced tea is supposed to have ice in it. I literally counted 3 cubes of ice. I didn't want to be rude and ask for ice so my wife "manned up" and got ice.........for herself! "im still running warm here guys"! End of the drink story.
At the end of our dinner, our waiter gave us free desert cubes (those were amazing). I agreed to give my honest review of this restaurant just as I promised our waiter and here it is. 
In all, the service was slow (took close to 35 minutes), my food was over-cooked, the drinks were warm (No ice) and we had to ask for our drinks. So will I go back? Absolutely! This is a review that I know they will read. I'll order the same thing, hopefully be given the option on how I would like my lamb cooked, hopefully be given iced water, hopefully they will ask for my drink order and hopefully those drinks will be nice and cold with lots of ice. 
One thing I forgot to mention. The workers there were so extremely nice, very welcoming! That alone would get me to go back as well. Smiling faces are always a huge plus and there was no lack of smiling faces there. Kudos to you guys!
