cFpbP3-trTR9q34lOqiIUA This place just does not do it for me. The tacky decor and the prices make me sick. To me it feels as if its a try-hard's restaurant. Trying to be trending, cool, interesting, and delicious. Just doesn't cut it. 

The menu looks decent and a few items sound like an interesting fusion but as interesting as they sound they fail to deliver on taste. I am also unsure of what type of restaurant this is supposed to be. Is it a steakhouse, indian place, or Mexican? I like how there's variety but with a menu and approach so pretentious it would be to their advantage to stick to something and be good at it instead of being mediocre at all of it. 

Food tasted fine but I debate the freshness of the produce and capabilities of a chef that fail to cook and properly present a dish. My potatoes tasted stale and the sauce that was to accompany my lamb was cold, as if it came from a fridge. Portions were also a little on the skimpy side. 

Decor is absolutely dreadful. I've been to dive bars and crappy restaurants and I can appreciate something that looks a little less than presentable. Problem with this place is it tries to give off a high class notion and the decor seems as if they went to Ikea's ugly little sister to try and achieve it. Weird paint scheme as the colors don't match nor give dramatic effect, the 'curtains' hanging seem like red bedsheets used to cover some of the windows and also as dividers, white table cloths are nice but they are plain white so it's hard to go wrong, cutlery and dinner wear seem cheap like oddly shaped or something, the mismatch house plants, and the dreadful floor matching chairs. For a restaurant trying to be on the cutting edge it needs to get out of the '90s. I'm surprised they aren't using baby vegetables it's so '90s.

Service was good, I'll give them that. Our server was attentive, knowledgeable, and very nice. Noticing small cues and always on the ball for refills, requests, etc. Service was the best thing at the restaurant.

Overall, it's not worth the money at all to come here. Pretentious people that can't afford the pretentious life go to this place so it makes for a grreeeeaat scene. Food falls flat and decor is horrendous. Go elsewhere to spend your money.
