cFpbP3-trTR9q34lOqiIUA I was excited to come back here for dinner, but my excitement turned to a huge disappointment. The restaurant is under new management and they have a different cook and a lot has changed for the worst.

There is a rather random butter sculpture of Venus in the window done by one of their chefs. It's funny to see people stop on the sidewalk and look at this sculpture.
Gone are all of the irrelevant photos and paintings of Paris and it now has Indian artwork.
The place was very cold and a space heater sits in the middle of the floor. An odd mix of 90's alternative and pop music with the occasional Indian music plays from a cheap set of speakers which sounds awful to point of being irritating.

The server was very friendly and courteous. I ordered a glass of Sauvignon Blanc which I was mistakenly served a Cabernet Sauvignon. The waiter apologized and was caught off guard as it took him a little while to figure out the mistake -- it was fine but I thought mixing up a white with a red wine is unheard of. The wine selection is limited and rather lame -- Woodbridge and Yellowtail to name a few. 

The menu has changed a little, however the cooking is very different.
We first started with an appetizer the waiter recommended which was a the Chicken kabab which was served on a sizzling platter. It was not particularly interesting, it was just an okay chicken tandoori and could have used more veggies or something to serve it with.
There wasn't a good choice of appetizers it was either salads or just meat and nothing in between. I miss the complementary pappadam which they now charge extra.

I ordered the lamb vindaloo which tasted much different and served differently too. With the previous staff the dishes was nicely presented and had a more modern take with great flavours, but all of that was gone. The curries were served in a smallish stainless steel bowl and was very mediocre. I miss the cool looking ceramic bowls that look like plates. My lamb was a bit on the tough side. The quality is no different than what you find in a typical Indian buffet restaurant. For $14 seems steep for a small portion of mediocre curry with no side of naan or rice, that is extra, and missing from their menu was their tasty cheese naan.

I had a gift card which the new management no longer honoured which was one of the reasons why I returned, so I was disappointed. The waiter greatly apologized and offered us a Gulab dessert on the house instead. The gift card was only $15 so it was no big loss.

So to sum it up this was not the same 5th Elementt restaurant I used to love and there was nothing special about this place which will make me want to return.
