cFpbP3-trTR9q34lOqiIUA Service: 4 stars
Our server was really nice, friendly, and funny. He also explained the menu well.

Ambiance: 1 star
This may just have ruined the entire experience. While the restaurant itself was ok, the establishment beside it was playing its music so loud, you can hear/feel it through the walls. While this may not necessarily be the fault of 5th Elementt, this certainly affected our dinner experience.

Food: 3 stars
Appetizer:
Lamb sheek kabab - served on a hot sizzling plate on top of some veggies (cabbage, green and red peppers); about 6 pieces of lamb. The lamb wasn't as what we expected. It was ok.

Singaporean Chicken Tikka - also served on a hot sizzling plate on top of some veggies. Decent appetizer serving size. This dish was a little more on the spicy side. Overall though, it was ok.

Main Dish:
Lamb Korma - we initially ordered Beef Korma, but was later on informed that they were out of beef. So we had the lamb instead. (The server however recommended this over our original order, but we wanted to try beef for a variety. Unfortunately they didn't have it). The lamb was the same as the lamb in our appetizer, just now in a sauce.

Coastal Shrimp Curry - I preferred this dish over the korma. It came with 6 pieces of medium sized shrimps. The sauce was good especially with the garlic naan.

Bread and Rice:
Plain naan
Garlic naan
Basmati Rice

Side dish:
Raitha - it was just ok. While it went well with the dishes, the raitha itself could have been better. 

Dessert:
Gulab Jamun - we were quite reluctant at first, but we just had to order this. 5th Elementt's gulab jamun is actually quite edible - i.e. just the right sweetness level. Only came with one piece though.
Vanilla rice pudding - it was ok. Served in a tiny glass. 

The food was ok, overall. There's a bit of a wait for the food. Portion sizes varied - appetizer size was pretty decent but the mains, sides, and desserts were kind of small. For Indian food, this place is quite pricey.
