CkncJJ9tKgsGULXTTKmfdw Horrible service ever! But good food. Great opening hours.

Indian fine-dine located in core downtown is open until midnight and serves delicious and spicy Indian food. Over the period their service kept shaming themselves. They had 3 chances rebuild their reputation. But, here I am writing this review...

Once they made it mandatory for us to order 3 mains and 3 breads for 3 people, said it's their policy. where as on their menu it was clearly mentioned as 20$ per person minimum order, so that makes it 60$, while trying to order we already had our drinks on the table which were like 45$ in total.. and we were to order 2 mains and 2 breads and 1 rice, but then we just left. "Well That's okay it happens, must be a new server, a bit confused." 
Next time we went, we ordered generously for the party of 4. food was good again, now we asked the leftovers to be packed, we as they mentioned earlier 4 of us we ordered our own mains and sides and 2 starters we shared along with drinks. Now first we were told that they are fine-dine and they don't pack, lol I have to many fine-dines, which encourage you to take left overs instead of wasting food. Anyways when we asked, "what would you do with the leftovers?" They simply took the food and came back with to a bag. We were just confused that how come 2 different dishes and bread and rice are packed in this one bag. When at home we opened the bag, there was just one box, and when we opened the box, all we could see was a mess of food, bread, rice, chicken curry and veggie curry all together as if they just dumped it. We ended up throwing it.  I don't understand when they expect you to order individually, then how come they packed everything in one box, moreover I am vegetarian and my hubby is a meat eater, and he packed everything in one. God !

Well the final round, we went again in a group of four when one of our friends insisted, as he heard some good reviews and he never visited then earlier; poor guy little did he knew :P ordered some starters, mains and drinks. Well, drinks come, then came the starters and then the bread.. wait a min, bread but what about curries? after 20 mins of breads sitting on the table came the curries.

well we ordered:
1. daal makhani
2. goat curry
3. chicken curry
4. chickpea

we got, 1. dal yellow, 2. fish, 3. chicken and 4. chickpea :P
so we had not cold breads and half of our mains and something we did not order. :)
It's okay, it happens, and it was already 1:30 hours after we went in. Now we called the waiter to clarify.. and he now took the wrong order and 3 mins later he comes again with fish :P and not sure about the daal :P We just ate and left.. and never returned :)
