CNx_ie_OvjJHZLZ6yEO8UA I ended up stumbling on this place the other day during lunch. We went to go to the Thai place that was there, but apparently they moved across the street. At the time I didn't know that. We did see this place, and decided to go into avoid wandering around looking for a place for lunch. 

The only complaint I have, is that when we walked in it was very dark, and no customers were in there, and the gentleman working was not very inviting. To clarify: He wasn't mean or anything, we just couldn't even tell if the place was open or not, and being actively warm, friendly, and inviting would be recommended, as it was confusing to determine whether this empty restaurant was under construction or what was going on in there. I am not a very friendly guy, so I don't like doing the duty of breaking the ice, however I had to do it in this case.

After we figured out the place was open for business, we sat down to eat. We looked at the menu, and the it seemed like you got a lot for the lunch specials for the price. I ordered the butter chicken hot, and my coworker ordered the lamb vindaloo. The gentleman working there made it seem like going hot would be a dangerous choice, but I said OK I'll live with it.

The lunch specials were $10, and after we picked and ordered, it didn't seem like it took that long to come out. Well maybe now that I'm thinking about it, it did considering there was no one in the restaurant other than us. So the food came out and I was very happy with the portions and the assortment that was on the plate.

There was what I believe to be a samosa, one of those little cheese dessert balls soaked in syrup, a generous portion of butter chicken, jasmine rice, I believe there was a Tamrind sauce, and a mint chutney I think.

The butter chicken was delicious, however, if you're with company that wants a really hot spicy food, the hot they gave me was not that hot at all. That being said I'm glad because it tasted good, but I could see somebody being disappointed that really enjoys hot food.

another great thing about this place is they gave us a very generous helping of garlic naan. I loved it and unlike another review, there was no sand or whatever in mine. It was top notch Naan.

There was not too much service to be had, but there was not too much service that was needed. The food was good, the pricing seemed reasonable, and I was happy. I would recommend this place.

The ambience (empty, dim, old furniture and decoration style) leaves a little bit to be desired, but maybe they'll become busier and it will seem nicer with people there. The only way I would take a chick on a dinner date here is if I wanted to find out if she was high maintenance or not. If your chick is chill, or you just want to do casual lunch or are you going to do take out this is definitely a great place to go.
