CobgKbm4uQrz5TINSFXQbQ Disclaimer - We have been here at least over a 100 times and keep coming back. I'll do my best to review objectively.

Food - 4 star
Service - 5 star
Ambience - 2 star
Value - 4 star
Location - 3 star

Food - As this is a south Indian restaurant, they do south Indian dishes really well. Their Dosa, Vada, Idli, Podi Idli, Sambar are all very good and the taste is very consistent. Their Mushroom Biryani is very flavourful. 
I wouldn't order gravy/curry with Naan at this restaurant. I have tried them in the past and was unimpressed.
Their special madras coffee is pretty good and it's very different than cappuccino/drip coffee, so it's an acquired taste. So is masala chai.
Sweets are good but nothing to rave about. 

We like both their buffet as well as à la carte. 
If you are alone or are new to this cuisine, visit them for lunch as they have buffet and you'll be able to try different things and decide what you like and what you don't. Plus it provides exceptional value.
If you're a group, you may as well come at dinner time order many dishes and share them. They are very busy at the lunch time.

Service - Service here is always warm and friendly. The wait times can be long as they are always busy (more so on evenings/weekends), so plan accordingly.

Ambience - There is nothing special about the ambience. It's very forgettable. Plus the sink is right next to the dining area and some patrons start gargling there for some incomprehensible reason, which can lead to a very unsavory experience.

Value - The food is a very good value for money.

Location - There is no reason for you go there unless you live in the area or you wish to catch an Indian movie before/after at woodside cinemas next door or you love them enough to drive over just for the food (like us).

Tip - If you have never tried podi idli there, order it next time. You can thank me later.
Also, order mushroom biryani. If you are not from South Asia(or you're not used to spices), ask them to make it less spicy than usual.
In summers, try their kulfi (it's an Indian ice cream). You'll love it.
