CRgCV0KUx40uW_j_b0p-MQ Since my last review, I am happy to report that Bukhara Grill hasn't failed me!  In fact, it was better this time than the last time I was there which was a few months ago.

(Even though I have been here before, I do get a bit weary when I haven't been somewhere in a while.  I almost expect things to go downhill.  And last time, although the flavours were good, my dishes were quite heavy on the salt.  Very common when dining Indian.)

Meal started off with pappadums with 2 sauces (1 tamarind, 1 coriander chutney - spicy) and we ordered a Mulligatawny Soup, Chicken Mirch Tikka (came with naan), Kadai Paneer (came with rice).  

After ordering, the waiter came back to our table and said that the soup wasn't available.  However, the chief (/owner?) returned shortly, apologised, and said that he DID have the soup.  I only tasted it, but it was a nice, rich, lentil soup with coconut milk.  

What was impressive was the chief doing the rounds, greeting people as they entered, even seating patrons, and giving them menus.  I like this 'cause it showed that he was humble, didn't think he was "too good" to do tasks a waiter would do!

Chicken Mirch Tikka were 6 large kebab chunks of marinated goodness...straight out of the tandoor oven!  The base was a coriander and yes, it was spicy.  :)  The chicken was not only nicely presented, it was moist and not dried out.

Kadai Paneer - was a sweeter dish, good flavours, and came with lotsa chunks of paneer, not 2-3 pieces swimming in gravy like a lot of places.

A coupla groups of people did come in, asked if there was a dinner buffet, and left after they heard it was only a la carte for dinner.  (They do a nice lunch buffet for like ~$10!)  I thought this was a shame 'cause I'd rather eat a nice a la carte, than pay more $$$ to stuff myself silly with mediocre food!

If you're craving Indian in Mississauga, don't want anything too heavy or greasy, and enjoy fine dining without paying the price, Bukhara Grill is definitely a safe bet!
