cVdBHFoDjJZX9JOh-1GWHw Craving some good indian food I was soo excited to finally try this place out! We arrived just before 6pm on a Saturday night and the restaurant was pretty full. Mind you there is probably less than 30 seats so reservations are a must.
Luckily the hostess offered to seat us in the connecting party room since they weren't having any private functions tonight. We ended up being the only people eating in this room however I didn't mind it all.

After perusing the menu we knew exactly what we wanted. The waitress was very good in explaining dishes and answering our questions about varying dishes. After placing our order we were brought over some freshly deep fried crispy papadums to nibble on as we awaited our feast.

Onto to the food:

Channa - Chickpeas slowly simmered with tart pomegranate seeds, chopped shallots, tomatoes, and spices
I loved the creamy curry the tender chickpeas were in, really amazing balance of spicy sweet and tart!

Aloo Gobi Mutter - Cauliflower simmered in a delicious masala of poppy, cloves, and fennel with fresh peas and potatoes
My all time favourite indian dish! They definitely knocked it out of the park! Perfectly cooked cauliflower still with a little bit of bite and wonderfully spiced.

Pulao Rice - Long grain basmati rice cooked with pure saffron and a touch of spice 
Some of the best pulao I've had so fragrant and aromatic

Garlic Naan - OMG soo good and addictive, nicely charred and crisp exterior enclosing a soft tender chewy bread coated in fresh garlic butter soo perfect for mopping up all the curry

I have to admit Zeera definitely serves up some of the best Indian food i've ever had! Service was really good, despite being in a different room away from all the other patrons we were never neglected. Water was refilled continuously through the meal and the waiter came by to check on us and make sure everything was ok. Food was served in good portions - the two of us were super stuffed after the meal! Food was not only delicious, full of flavour and great spiced but also plating was beautifully done silver and gold bowls. I will definitely be returning to Zeera to try out some more amazing dishes!
