cVdBHFoDjJZX9JOh-1GWHw Fourth time ordering food here. First three times were excellent - usually order a variation of butter chicken, chicken vindaloo, chicken tikka masala, briyani, naans. I love spicy food, hotter the better, and I have a higher tolerance than most. 

And each time I ordered, the server never asked how mild/medium/spicy I wanted any of the dishes. It just came out, and they all were some variation of hot & spicy, probably medium while vindaloo was a bit hotter than other dishes. Overall, they all had a nice zing.

This time, I went on Saturday for lunch. And was very disappointed. 

Butter chicken was way too sweet, same with tikka masala and briyani was lacklustre. Don't get me wrong, they were tasty if you like bland Indian food, but I was looking for an explosion of flavour like my first 3 experiences. The basket of breads was very puny, and the portion sizes small. Does it matter if it's takeout or dine in?? Seems takeout portion sizes are much more generous. 

When I spoke to the server, she had difficulty understanding my disappointmwnt and blamed ME for not asking for the right spicy level!! When I explained that no one asked in my previous 3 visits how I spicy I wanted the food (and they all came out wonderfully spicy), she kept on repeating to me that is MY responsibility to ask for how spicy each dish should be!! Really? So if one orders steak from any restaurant, a good server usually asks rare/medium/well done, don't they??

I asked if she was the owner, and obviously she wasn't. The server was poorly trained in customer experience and how to properly promote each dish experience. Then she said something like, well "white folks can't handle spicy food!!". Excuse me??? I can probably handle more spicy food than SHE can. Very presumptuous and insulting. 

Is the food good? Yes it usually is.  But be warned. It seems if you go during busy evening hours, the quality of food and service is much better. But if you go during off-peak hours (like Saturday early afternoon) then the server and consistency and quality of food is not always assured. 

This visit was very very disappointing, especially since I had a guest whom I've raved to about how great the food at Zeera was for weeks, and the guest made a special trip just to experience the food.
