cvELVLQ4jbS5Qqbm79IxVA WORST Indian Food Ever! It's a bit harsh but there it is. I said it.

We (my sister and my better half) were craving Indian food and came here yesterday with high hopes after reading all the 5 star reviews and also since most of the Indian restaurants near by were closed on Mondays. The restaurant interior and furniture looks old and somewhat dirty and you can tell that the owner/management has done nothing to improve the look or feel of the restaurant.

When we got there, the restaurant was pretty much empty besides 1 table. We were asked to seat our self anywhere - so we chose the corner far end of the restaurant close to the kitchen door and next to the windows. The chef him self came to greet us and warned us that the AC until on that section wasn't working properly so if needed we can sit elsewhere which was nice. However, we chose to stay there since it didn't really bother us much.

Our server although friendly seemed new to this job. She seemed a bit nervous and was struggling trying to get us set up with plates, cups, water etc. She didn't seem to know much about the dishes which I can understand. We've all been there at some point.

We ordered masala tea, pakora and samosa (vegetable) for appetizers and butter chicken, chicken biryani and paneer tika masala for our main course. The main dish came with a choice of either rice or naan. So, we chose to go with one of each. Since she was struggling with the names as we placed the order - we made sure to repeat everything we ordered.

After few minutes, the chef came out to double check on our drink order. Apparently, the server wrote down Mango Lassi instead of Masala Tea but my guess is the chef had already heard that we had asked for Masala Tea. The Masala Tea couldn't be any tasteless topped with tea stains all over the cup as you can see from the picture. That's exactly how it was served with no attempt to wipe those stains. The Vegetable Pakora was partially uncooked - The outside was nice and crispy but the inside flour and spice mix wasn't fully cooked. As for the samosa, we got the meat samosa instead of the vegetable. I was okay to let go but wanted to check to see what kind of meat was in the filling since one of us did not eat beef. So, when asked she called the chef instead. We told the chef that we had ordered the vegetable samosa but that we were okay with the meat samosa as long as the filling wasn't beef (It was lamb). Turns out they didn't have Vegetable Samosa to begin with and that the chef had instructed the server to say so which she forgot to mention. However, we overheard the chef and the server get in to small discussion in the kitchen about the mixed order and the server saying that she had mentioned about not having vegetable samosas and that we were basically lying. Regardless, the meat samosa was pretty good.

At this point, we were very impatient and disappointed but still somewhat optimistic about our main dish. First came the Chicken Biryani - which looked and tasted nothing like a biryani. It's basically a low grade cooked rice mixed with some curry flavored spice and some chicken. The Paneer Tika Masala and the Butter Chicken look very much identical with the exception of one being chicken and the other a paneer. But then again, looks can be deceiving right? No! Not here. They tasted pretty much the same as they looked - like a can of microwaved heated tomato soup. The gravy was thin and runny with no spice or flavor to either of the dishes. The Naan that came with the meal was thin and small and tasted like one of those pre-cooked packaged naan. As you can see from the attached picture - we decided not to the eat much but instead pack it and perhaps re cook and flavor it at home and eat. So, when we asked for a box - the chef came and asked if we didn't liked the food. As much as my sister and fiancee wanted to complain about the food, service, the lying - I made a gesture to them to not say anything.

When the check came in - we were charged extra for the Naan (which was supposed to come with the meal). She quickly apologized and corrected the amount. And this is when it gets very weird. The server stood right next to us the entire time as I was signing the check and ready to leave a tip. 

Needless to say, I would not recommend anyone to this place for Indian Food. If you have the slightest idea of what Indian Cuisine tastes like - you will be very much disappointed with Taal.
