D8or2Ls5m3cntRK8hyfmwg If I looked at yelp reviews before deciding to eat at this restaurant, I probably would have decided not to go in. Luckily I didn't because I was pleasantly surprised. We ordered from the classic menu for 2, which came with enough food including starters, main meal, and dessert.

We started our meal with a choice of soup or salad. The salad was very basic with a delicious dressing, and the soup was lentil in chicken broth. I ordered the soup, but unfortunately it was not my favourite dish. Our meal came with 2 simosas, and 2 onion baji, which we split. The first simosa was chicken and the second was the traditional vegetable simosa. The simosa's were light and the dough was absolutely delicious. By far the best simosa dough I have ever eaten (I have been eating indian food at least twice per month for the last 2 years). The onion baji were also delicious, however they could have used a little more salt. 

Our main meals consisted of butter chicken, lamb bhuna and and a vegetable curry. The butter chicken was absolutely delicious and not at all "too sweet" as one other comment suggests. Being from Montreal, I have had butter chicken that tasted like it had lots of sugar in it and this one did not taste as sweet. The flavour and texture of the butter chicken was delicious, and the chicken was very tender and not at all dry. The lamb bhuna was also delicious. My only con for the two meat dishes would be the fact that I would have enjoyed a couple of more meat pieces in each. However, I must reiterate that by the end of the meal we definitely had enough food for 2 people. 

For desert, they brought us a delicious pudding with a passion fruit coulis. The desert was such a change from the typical gulab jamun or disgusting pressed coconut we seem to get at every other indian restaurant in Montreal. Above all else I couldn't help but notice how clean the restaurant was. It is by far the cleanest indian/asian restaurant I have ever been to. And the service was to die for. The wait staff was genuinely interested in how you enjoyed your meal, and is very thankful when you like it. In my case, the only thing I did not like was the soup. When the waiter noticed, he asked why I wasn't eating it. I told him it wasn't my favourite and he apologized profusely. 

The meal in total was under $50 before taxes for the both of us. I am surprised that this place isn't filled with people on a Saturday night, what a shame. Would definitely go there again. However, I do recommend that they reprint their menus (or at least replace the plastic cases they come in).
