daI7_EpE3ZrkEZEt2qdTBQ A couple of co-workers and I visited this restaurant for lunch the other day. We ordered Chicken Biryani and a variety of smaller Chaat and appetizer dishes to share and eat family-style at our table.

During the checkout process, the Point of Sale system asked for a tip/gratuity, so we each left a decent tip on our share of the bill (our bill was around $40, and we gave a 15% tip of $6).

We went to our table and waited for the food to be brought to us. As it turned out, the food was quite tasty and we enjoyed our meal. At this point in time, I would definitely have returned to the restaurant. That all changed, however...

After the meal was over and we were walking out the door, the man at the register rudely yelled at us, demanding that we clean up our table.

This shocked all of us. Why were we asked for a tip, if there was going to be zero service, and patrons are expected to bus their own tables as if it was a fast food restaurant?

I'm used to cleaning up after myself at fast food restaurants, but any restaurant that expects a tip (and blatantly asks for one up front) should be expected to provide at least some level of service!

Additionally, I have never in my entire life been yelled at by a restaurant staff member (fast food or otherwise) for not cleaning up the table when I left!

Whoever owns this restaurant apparently completely lacks an understanding of how tips are supposed to work in America. If you ask for a tip and happily pocket the money, then you are expected to provide service in exchange, or else you are essentially just stealing from people! It's straight up dishonest and misleading business practice.

Edit: The owner of the restaurant messaged me directly on yelp to apologize for the bad experience (which I appreciated), and he has assured me that he will take action to ensure this sort of thing doesn't happen again. As such, I have updated my review to 3 stars, and will give the restaurant another try here in the future! The food really was quite tasty!
