dAQySRBaGOo8GNYsGaQy8Q I have eaten here a few times over the last couple of years. Most of the time the food has been good.. sometimes not always hot.. there is not a huge selection but there are only a few dishes I like.

So everything I am about to write is absolutely true! Nothing has been exaggerated!! It took me over a week to really process this before writing this review.

I purchased a voucher from Deal Find.. $40 worth of food for $20.. I took my friend who happens to be Indian as well.. she was craving some Indian food and I told her I had purchased the voucher. 

The food was not very hot on our visit at 8pm at night with a few other patrons in the restaurant. My friend commented how they didn't have much of a selection and the food was not overly tasty. 

Our bill came and my friend noticed an automatic gratuity of $7.89 on our bill. So we called over the server and he said that is what his manager told him to do. So we asked for the manager to come over. She came over and started complaining to us on how she was losing money from these vouchers. The previous week how many people did not pay the difference in their bills if it was over $40 and they didn't pay tax or tip! 

Then her daughter came over and injected herself into our conversation but with a lot of attitude and disrespect. The daughter stated this is their business and they can run as they see fit. They can charge whatever tax and tip they want to. I was shocked!! I stated if that's how they want to run their business then they need to disclose that as soon as someone walks in the door not when they are paying. 

Needless to say this conversation went downhill. Anything my friend and I would say, the daughter would twist our words and try to throw it back in our faces. I finally said, this is not my first time here and I hope it's not my last time here but this situation is getting out of hand, let's calm down. And I asked the mother to let me finish speaking as she was constantly talking over us and/or interrupting us. 

Well then the two of them went off on us, calling us the rude and disrespectful ones. that they didn't want us as customers, they didn't need our money and they wanted us to leave and told us not to come back.

So my friend and I left and as we were walking up Church St. my friend got grabbed from behind by the mother/manager/owner. She was trying to grab my friends purse. She starts yelling out to anyone on the street saying to call the cops on us because we didn't pay our bill!! I'm said to her, that's not what you said in the restaurant, get your hands off of us. 

She then tried to get my bag strap over my head and was choking me in the process. I started to yell, THIS IS ASSAULT!! I said go ahead and call the police because I will have you charged with assault. It still took a few more minutes to get her off of me, then she went back at attacking my friend. Then me, then my friend again. Then some man from the restaurant said something to her in Hindi and she finally backed off. 

My friend later told me she was telling her daughter to get our bags in Hindi. My friend lost an earring and I was covered in black ink all over my hands and my jacket from the assault, like defensive wounds on an assault victim.

I called Deal Find the next day and told them I had no reason to make up any of the following.. who could really??!! This is a crazy story to tell. I suggested they cancel all the other vouchers to save anyone else going through a similar experience. She called me back and said the owner said it was just a misunderstanding over the gratuity, nothing else happened.
