DBxS04vNEd42NquQcAIMXA The king is dead, long live the king.

By king of course, I mean the Woodlands, just down Albemarle Road - maybe a mile away from this location. That long-time locale, generally regarded as having some of the best Indian in Charlotte is not, of course dead, but it may be in a run for their money if the new kid (er, king) on the block gets up and running.

We stopped in for a bite, and overall came away impressed.

To start with, they are in the old Rumba building in the middle of the lot near Chuck-E-Cheese's. This place has been empty for a while, so it's good to see it occupied again. Unfortunately, it has a bit of a musty smell. Hopefully it's because it hasn't been open for a while, and once it is in regular use, they can take care of the issue.

One noticeable task they have in front of them is that the building is gigantic (unlike Woodlands, which is rather, shall we say, intimate). Part of it is filled with pool tables, that were in use by what seemed like family members or friends - making it a challenge to have an enjoyable, quiet evening. Not bad, just not quiet. Part of the place has what could double as a dance floor, with two or three tables scattered about. There is also a bar.

Perhaps the best part of the place is that the service is top-notch. Everyone is happy to help, and eager to please. This is good, because the food service is very slow. Not quite Situl slow, but still slow. Dishes come out one at a time, and on an erratic schedule. Even on a Friday night, when were were virtually the only table there, you'd think they could have done better. Perhaps they are still warming up the boiler. We'll see what happens.

Once the food did start coming out, the quality was amazing. The cauliflower in the Gobi 65 appetizer was tasty, and they even split the large appetizer portion into two sections, one with more spice and one with less, for two different palates. The dosa paper was flaky and buttery, which could be eaten all by itself - plus, the filling was brought out in it's own bowl, so as not to soak the inside.

Naans were also flaky, and though they have a special King of Spicy Bullet Naan, the garlic variety had the best flavor. The Bhatura chickpeas and puffy bread were amazing, as with just about everything, definitely garnering a trip back - once we finish all the leftovers. I hope they make it through the kinks to keep churning out the food in the meantime. Definitely a tasty option to Woodlands.
