DeI4KqEeWy0cTdh7Wy5_RA Best Indian food anywhere!  What can i say..This is not only my favorite Indian restaurant in Vegas, this is my favorite restaurant anywhere. 

It is located on Sahara avenue, very close to a lot of car dealerships, banks, insurance agencies,etc. so at lunch time you will find many people on their lunch breaks who work in the area.

No buffet here, all food is made to order, fresh, and the way you want it, spicy. medium, mild,cream, no cream,etc so it is great for customizing.

They have a page with about 20 vegan options, which is a rarity in itself for me , since I happen to be vegan

They of course also have many vegetarian, and non vegetarian dishes you wont find on your typical menu along with all your favorites.

Oddly enough the owner is a quiet, white guy(not from India) yet he has mastered Indian cooking more than anyone-go figure. The food is the main thing and once you go there, there is no turning back to your typical buffet. There is a lunch menu, with about 5 or 6 choices, but you can also order off the regular part of the menu if you want  to get a lot more options - and the portions will be larger but cost more.

The "Paneer Makhani" dish is just heavenly and is basically an orangey-red colored thicker gravy like texture sauce with cheese cubes in it, since i am now vegan i do not order it but if you are vegetarian or even a meat eater, you have to try this as one of your dishes, it is great for pouring over your rice or sopping up your plate with the naan or roti bread.

Everything is made right there, even the samosas(no frozen boxed samosas here), pakoras, and chutneys(not jarred like most places serve) are all made fresh here and delicious.

The quality and pride that goes into each and every dish is such a delight, one wonders why many other Indian restaurants don't take note and try to step it up too, instead of serving so many oily, and in many cases, flavorless uninspired creations.

If you think you are an Indian food connoisseur, but you haven't yet tried Samosa Factory , I strongly urge you to try it,  and once you do, there is a good chance you wont want to go anywhere else, and may find yourself becoming an instant regular. I swear he uses secret addictive ingredients in his dishes to keep customer craving and thinking of them all the time!
