DeI4KqEeWy0cTdh7Wy5_RA I glanced a recent LV Weekly about their great write up of this establishment, praising the food, particularly the delicious and well-done vegetarian options as well and was reminded that I ate here about a year ago and wanted to update with my review.

For food, yes, this place was very good.

However, "JEZ!  Why on earth did you give this place such a low review?!"

BECAUSE the service was terrible and gave me no good reason to come back, especially with two great Indian restaurants by me!  Check it out:

My party of three and myself went out, on their suggestion, to Samosa Factory.  They're fans of the restaurant and are frequent diners there, so I pretty much left all of the ordering up to them.  The samosas were great, the side dishes were appropriately spicey to our requests so, as I said, the food was just fine.

The server, however....

A) When I informed that we were going to be paying with two credit cards as we were going to split the bill, I was told this was no bueno and that I had to go outside IN THE RAIN in the middle of the meal to go next door to the grocery story to get money.  So I went off and OH HEY after hours the grocery story blocked access to the ATM with rows of carts and closed the entrance that permits access to the ATM.  So I had to purchase something from the grocery with money back on an ATM card to get money to pay for said meal.  I was NOT happy.   

B) Server started off okay and progressively became slower and slower until it ended in a trickle at the end of the night.  Read the next two to see our indicators.  

C) I ordered a Thai tea in the middle of the meal and it just never came.

D) I requested a refill on my water three times before we finally just signed the check and I picked up a bottle of water next door.  I even requested it with the check, "Hey, can I get a refill of water and the check?"


Samosa Factory just did not do it for me, which is a shame because the food is great.  But I don't care how delicious/cheap/glorious the food is, because if the service leaves me feeling like the staff doesn't want my money, I'll go elsewhere.
