DeI4KqEeWy0cTdh7Wy5_RA The bad news: I was in Las Vegas. The good news: I wasn't on the strip. The bad news: The temperature at our hotel near the strip was averaging 106 degrees. The good news: It was somewhat cooler at Red Rock Canyon. The bad news: We were hungry and had about a thousand miles of suburbs between us and that Indian restaurant I was meaning to try I'd seen advertised at every bus stop in town. The good news: We never made it to that place...

Okay. Enough news.

About halfway (or more) back to the strip from Red Rock Canyon my stomach stopped grumbling and started screaming at me to eat. "Now!" Whenever my stomach gets louder than the voices in my head I start to get worried. I was scanning the restaurantscape through Las Vegas' suburbs for anything that wouldn't have gluten in it. (Hi there. In case we haven't been introduced, I'm Silly Ack. I don't eat gluten.) Continuing down Charleston I considered my options. KFC...nope. IHOP...nope. VI...nope. DD...nope. DQ...um, maybe after dinner. Nobody in the suburbs has time for restaurants with actual names anymore. We only get initials now.

I dodged (or in my case, Toyotaed) South to Sahara and continued East figuring Mr. Stomach would just have to wait till we got to that Indian place across town. Note to celiacs, Indian places are notorious for not having gluten in most of their entrees. Not to mention Indian food in general's pretty damn yummy anyway. Just ask your waiter for gluten-free options. If the restaurant 'gets it', they'll be very helpful. If you get a dumb look instead of helpfulness, back away slowly. The restaurants actually cooking their food fresh and not getting spice mixes and prepackaged ingredients will point out all the entrees without gluten and point you away from things like breads and samosas...

"Did I just see the word Samosa? That sounds Indian!" I skidded my rental car around a full one eighty and hammered it back to Samosa Factory. Thanks, Hertz! ...like it's on rails. "Forget about that other Indian place, this looks like an Indian restaurant and it's right here in front of us which makes it the best Indian place in town!"

There was no buffet, an immediate brownie point for the Factory. I respect a place that makes me order from a menu so they can cook it up fresh. I was already ignoring the menu's samosas even before our helpful waiter told me to avoid the samosas along with the other gluten ruined food. It's a bummer not being able to try their namsake, kind of like being a vegeterian in a steak house, but I probably wouldn't have gotten samosas anyway. So there. Instead we got Chicken Tikka Masala, Aloo Gobi, and Okra. I think some places call the okra dish Bhindi Masala which sounds like it's got a lot more to it than just okra. SF's (Samosa Factory, not San Francisco) Okra's got a lot more to it than just okra, so to avoid confusion I'll call it Okra (Bhindi Masala), or, since we're in the suburbs, SF's (SF n SF) O (BM).

Our entrees were mind blowingly tasty. Spiced about as medium as we'd hedged on when ordering them. Whether you want no spice or burn your face off hot, they'll oblige. Just be specific when you order. The only problem was that there was not enough rice so the end of each entree ended up flying solo on our plates. A rather soupy, saucy solo. As an encore we had Kheer, which is rice pudding. I guess we still had rice on our minds after not getting enough rice with dinner. It was good, but I have to admit after having Kheer at Punjab (a SF (not SF but SF) restaurant where they load their kheer up with huge amounts of cardamom, pistachio and almonds) I found it a little bland, like rice pudding. Admittedly Samosa Factory's kheer is probably how proper kheer should taste so I'll shut up. (psst, hey chef at SF (not SF)...try the kheer at Punjab next time you're in SF (not SF).) The good thing is after all that great Indian food for dinner and dessert there was no more stomach screaming, and it was in no way necessary for us to turn back West toward DQ.

We did, however venture back out to Samosa Factory the next afternoon just to make sure it was really as good as we thought it was. It was.

I have been to vegeterian Indian restaurants (reader, meet my review of Masalaa, My review of Masalaa, this is my new friend, reader) and have been to many omnivore Indian restaurants, all of which had vegeterian sections on their menus (because there's a lot of vegetables in India, silly), but I've never been to an Indian restaurant that seperated their vegeterian section into "Vegeterian" and "Vegan" sections. Pretty smart and cutting edge. I think these guys are on the technological forefront of U.S. style (not U.S. but ...oh, never mind!) Indian dining. Be on the lookout for them to launch a fast-casual version of this restaurant in hundreds of cities by the end of Q4 (that's the fourth quarter for those of you not familiar with betting on football at the office).

If not, you didn't hear it here first.

-Silly Ack
