DJuQgsoj-qmU0i5iTAa4aA I was most pleased with my lunch today. Many hours later, and I am still feeling full which is great for me. I went to the Lunch Buffet today at Tadka, by Great Northern Mall in the strip that is adjacent to the mall. The restaurant was booming and I was the only Caucasian there and I really could not care. There are a lot of options for sure and since it was the weekend, it was Dosa day, I was not taken by these crepe like concoctions but there was many being made so it must be a regional thing. The lunch buffet; it had the usual suspects; butter chicken, Tandoori Chicken (Many small bones so be wary with the youthful diners you may drag with you), rice, and naan. No samosa but that is okay. They had some different options from what is normally seen with the indian offering such as Chicken 65 which is one of my all-time favorites, into-chinese gingery chicken which when accompanied by the cilantro egg rice; most special, they also had a takka fish item that was great. They also had a biryani that had a fruitful favor which is something that I am not used to; I typically have a heavy seasoned hydrabadi, but it was a nice touch and it was full of chicken and others. I am allergic to nuts, woe to me, but I have to ask every time that I go out for Indian food. This does not disappoint in that they did not understand what I meant and did not really know for sure. That is okay and almost expected now, the only place that is on top of that is the Bombay Sitar, which is quick to point out the few with nuts. There was also chili noodles that were spicer, the remainder of the food was not spicy to indian standards, American, sure. I would say the level is about a 2 out of 5 indian on most and that is a stretch. That is not a bad thing though to cater to everyone. The Dosas have a marsala option and another which I did not recognize. The naan was well cooked and flexible so not like a rice cake that you bend it and break.  Paneer and lentil options were good, there are a lot of meat options and few vegetarian but both were being exchanged quickly so no problems there unless you are a vegetarian. Onion Pakoda was not as flaky and chewy as others, I prefer crispy padoka but there was subtle, where it was not taking like a deep friend item but instead tasted smoothly of the onion inside. It was $32 for two and they came around enough to satisfy but not to notice. You pay at the register and the plates are at the buffet. You can order a la carte I think too during this time. It was quite busy around 1pm so obviously people agree this place is gear. Not bad, but if you have the means, Bombay Sitar in Canton is my favorite that I have had yet albeit the real thing homemade.
