DKusRJUxgsye1cdrlGgQOg Thanks to an episode of "Roker on the Road," I had a craving for dosa.  After a day of going back and forth of "Udupi Cafe or Taj Mahal?," I decided on giving Udupi Cafe another try.  

After poring over the dosa menu, I finally decided on the Udupi Special spring dosa, a version I haven't tried here before.  I asked my servers if the dosa and the chutneys were free of certain allergenic ingredients and was told, with authority I might add, that the dosa was OK and while two of three chutneys [coconut and jalapeno-cilantro (?)] were off-limits, the sambar is good-to-go.  (He even pointed out an allergen ingredient in the coconut chutney.)  The A-OK signal on the sambar surprised me greatly, as out of the three choices, it was the first item I'd have balked at trying (I've tried it at many other restaurants and was told that the recipe calls for a few allergens).  My server did offer to bring tamarind sauce to replace the other two chutneys.  Since I was almost salivating at the sight of the dosa and the server was pretty confident in his knowledge of chutney ingredients, I dove my spoon into the sambar and came up with a lovely and flavorful chunk of potato and a bit of broth.  Yum!  I went in again, this time swirling a bit to make sure there weren't any allergens hiding in the murky depths when I spotted *!  As if on cue, my server AND the host approach my table to tell me that I should not eat the sambar nor the dosa since they contained allergens.  Argh!  So, away went my Udupi special spring dosa, away went the sambar, and I was back to square one as to what to order, although this time I knew I had a few hours of pain and nausea to look forward to (which started to rear their ugly heads as I was signing my credit card receipt).

At this point, the host was steering me away from the dosa menu since I'd have to stay away from all that contained any filling (apparently, the kitchen staff could not whip up a filling that omitted the one ingredient that kept me from having it).  Under normal circumstances, this wouldn't be such a terrible thing as there are many other dosa options that would then be complemented with chutneys, but since the three chutneys also contained an ingredient I couldn't have (again, the chef would not be able to make the sauces omitting the ingredient- the host explained that the chutneys were made in huge batches earlier in the day), dosa from Udupi Cafe is off-limits for me :(  I decided, then, to have the assorted appetizer platter.  This would've only been accompanied by tamarind sauce had I not asked for a second option, plain yogurt, as suggested by the host.  "Plain yogurt?," I asked.  "Could you add something else to flavor the yogurt?"  "Carrots.  Is carrots OK?," the host posited.  "Yes, carrots are alright," I said.  

The three items I savored in the app platter were cauliflower pakora, the samosa, and the veggie cutlet^.  I wasn't a fan of the dense mysore bonda (various fillings of potato, eggplant, and jalapeno) nor the bready medhu vada (fried lentil donuts), although the latter was quite good dipped in tamarind sauce AND yogurt.  In retrospect, I did not particularly revel in the recurring reminders of how everything was deep-fried :(

In light of the disinclination of Udupi Cafe to omit certain ingredients in their dishes- which leads me to believe that most items are already pre-made and later plated (if you read my other reviews, you'll see just how many chefs are quite willing to swap out/sub sauces, sometimes PIQUED at the chance to come up with a new sauce on-the-fly) and the the reluctance in creating a simple chutney, I doubt I'll keep UC at the top of my choices next time I have a taste for Indian cuisine.  So many fish in the sea...  

I wish UC and its management and staff well in providing vegetarians and omnivores alike the opportunity to enjoy a menu offering up 100% veggie fare.  Do try the Gobi Manchurian- very tasty!

^[At least the meal wasn't a total loss- I did get to capture some captivating eye candy!  How I wish I had a close-up on that veggie cutlet, and that samosa... 8-)]
