DKusRJUxgsye1cdrlGgQOg Udupi is good.really good!  I only wish we had some thing similar here in PDX.  Most of the Indian buffets here mehh Udupi is all vegetarian/vegan. I never ordered off the menu, always buffet. 
Before Udupi this place was a Chinese restaurant. Cant recall but it was menu and at some point it changed ownership and became a chinese buffet. When it was chinese food menu/ and buffet it was average. One of those places you sort of forgot about until you happen to drive by.  Then one day we went there for Chinese food and it was closed. And i think that was late 2002 or some time in 2003. And at that time it was just abandoned. Udupi had yet to open.
Then some time in 2003 some friends invited me out to lunch. I didnt know where we were going they simply asked me if i liked Indian food. To my surprise we arrived at the location of the closed and abandoned chinese restaurant. And now it was an Indian restaurant. That frist time eating at Udupi was great.
I was hooked(lol) I made it one of my go to buffets....weekly. And usually on a Saturday or Sunday; Because they offer more items on the buffet during the weekend. Some thing ive seen in Las Vegas also. 
Udupi has changed over the years in the begining 2003 to about 2007 it was excellent. Their was always a change of food on the buffet. And it was delicious. Never boring. I dont know exactly when im guessing but at some point in 2007 or 2008 Udupi changed ownership. And then it went through another change of ownership a few years after the frist change. Udupi was never as good as it was in its frist 3 years.  Reason is, they stopped changing out the buffet offerings and if they did chamge them out it was never any thing exciting or out of the ordinary. It was still good and i still continued to eat there but, i was not as excited or looking forward to going to Udupi like in the early years. 
I now live far away and the last time i went to Udupi was probably in April 2015.  
And if i were living in Phoenix im sure i would be making a weekly stop over at Udupi for delicious lunch buffet.
So if your vegetarian/vegan and you find your self in Phoenix during lunch hour 
11-2.30. Head over to Udupi and fill up on some yummy south Indian food.
