DKusRJUxgsye1cdrlGgQOg I called ahead to inquire about ordering from the menu during the lunch hour. The girl who answered said that if it's not busy they can accommodate this request, but when it's busy, they cannot.  Luckily for me, it was a slow day and they were able to accommodate me.

I wanted to try their Gobi Manchurian and I also inquired if they could make an Aloo Saag (spinach and potatoes) vegan, which is not on the menu.  They agreed to make this dish for me as well. So far, so good with the accommodation factor.  I also added an order of poori (it's a puffy bread) because I cannot resist the leavens. 

I inquired if Basmati rice came with the dishes. The girl told me that it came with plain white rice. I again inquired if this was a basmati rice, to which she sharply replied, "I've never heard of that. We have plain white rice."  Really? You work in an INDIAN restaurant and have never heard of one of the most basic and common Indian dishes? What do think they're selling? Uncle Ben's? *breathe* 

I arrived and indeed, aside from 1 other table, the place was empty.  I browsed the buffet to see if I was missing anything and I didn't feel that I was.  They have several vegan options, but nothing that looked appetizing. I was so glad that I got to order from the menu.

The girl who took my phone order came up to ring me out.  I took a quick opportunity to look at their menu to see what they called their rice. Well, lookey lookey what we have here - a description of basmati rice. You know I pointed this out, right?  She goes, "Oh. Well, I've never heard anyone call it that before." Oookay. *insert side eye*
Then there was the girl who was sweeping the same area of the floor for like 5 minutes. She finished sweeping the rest of her area, which I assumed made her famished (understandably), then she paraded right on over to the buffet and proceeded to fix a plate for herself.  From dirt to food. No washing of the hands, no Germ-x, no nuthin!  Did I mention how happy I was to not be eating from that buffet??

On to the food.

GOBI MANCHURIAN:
Battered and deep fried cauliflower doused in a sweet and spicy chili sauce. I requested this dish extra spicy.  It was very yummy.  I wasn't as crisp as I'd hoped, but this could have been due to the fact that it was a carry-out order and it may have gotten soggy from the condensation after being enclosed.  Either way, crisp or limp, it was still a very tasty dish.  

ALOO SAAG:
I requested it vegan and extra spicy. It was not extra spicy and I questioned if it was very because it had a creamy look to it. I did a taste-test. I didn't taste or smell weird (non-vegan-y); my tummy will let me know if I've been bamboozled.  This dish was just ok. It lacked the sabor with which Aloo Saag is traditionally made, and it was not at all spicy; not even a teeny weenie bit. It wasn't bland, but it was certainly lacking.  Being that this item it not on their menu and they were doing me a favor by making it, I will not hold this against them.  I will just stick to their menu items on any future visits. 

POORI:
The bread was very fresh and well-prepared. 


The portions were large. Prices were reasonable. They have no vegan desserts, but you can find some 2 blocks north at Green.  

They lost stars due to the waitress/ cashier's bad attitude and the sanitation concern (c'mon lady!).
