-s_U95xEEmJu5GK-srqpUA WoW, where do I start... We went here for the Sunday buffet and then went back for dinner the following Friday.  The buffet was pretty good, a little spicy, but that wasn't a bad thing at all. They had a live dosa station but they only offered plain dosa's which was a little disappointing. The buffet had a 70/30 mix of South Indian and North Indian dishes and and also a bhel station. 

The dinner was average. I ordered the malai kofta, Punjabi paneer and garlic naan. My friends ordered a chili onion uttapam, chicken tikka masala, lamb saag, and a masala dosa. All were pretty bland as in lack of Indian spices/seasonings.

The food was average so I give it 3 stars, decor was modern and restaurant overall was very clean so that would bump the rating up to 3.5 stars...

So here is why they get only one star... Their waiters and staff have no concept of how to split a ticket! First at the lunch buffet we were a party of 6. We all got the buffet and I had a beer with my meal. We needed the tickets split as such, 2:2:1:1. First they just dropped the check off, didn't tell or ask anyone if it was all separate or together, and it had everyone's tab on the same check. So then we asked for it to be split as mentioned above it took them three tries and 40 minutes and it still wasn't right. We finally got so frustrated that we worked something out ourselves and left. I mean, cmon, how hard is it to split up a check with only buffet charges on it???!!!

Theeeeeeen, when we returned for dinner and after the lunch check debacle, we told our waiter to split the checks up front because of what had happened last time. He said he would take our orders on one check and then split them at the time of the bill. We were a party of 8 this time and we looked at each other and reluctantly agreed. That turned out to be the ultimate mistake! Our actual ordering and eating time? 1 hour. Time spent on these knuckle heads trying to split our check, no joke... 1 hour! A whole friggin hour!!! 

Things that happened within this hour: check once again was not split initially, waiter had the audacity to ask me to initial each persons order and then he would create the separate tickets (so I am now doing his job) still was not correct. Manager "takes charge" and tabulates new checks, still not correct. Sister gets pissed, actually takes charge, writes each out individual check, see included pic. Manager feels bad, gives us all a free dessert, doesn't give my sister a spoon for it lol! We finally get our checks and depart grumbling and ready to eat again since it took so long just to get our checks. 

Moral of the story: if you eat here, and want your check split, DON'T DO IT!!!
