DNSDAtD6uxQkoZkQe2v4ew Stay away from this place! 

Called for a take out order. Ordered 2 lunch special Rogan Josh. Picked it up and it came out to be bland and very watery. There are only 4 scraps of meat and all watery soup. Called and spoke to the manager Elmer and informed him of the quality of food. I asked for a replacement or a change of order because I wasn't expecting a soupy dish and the portion wasn't satisfying. 

I asked for a dinner portion instead and an order of naan bread and I'll will pay for the difference. The Manager told me not to worry about it and to come pick it up in 10 mins. 

Apparently, the manager has inability to listen to customer's need as two lunch specials were made instead of the order of dinner portion. I came back in once again and told him this is not what I asked for over the phone. He said the chef just want to make the same exact thing I ordered in the beginning. Since when does the chef decision overrule the customers' want ?

Seriously? How cheap can you be? I have told them that I will pay for the difference if needed but saving that nickle and dime is more important to them than customers' want. 

I told him that I don't the lunch special and I would like to have a dinner portion instead. He grabbed my lunch portion and said he will put it in one container. Really ??? 

Wow. This manager needs to be fired. He does not listen, has poor attitude and bad customer service. I told him that I don't feel comfortable with him taking the food away from my view and doing stuff at the back which I can't see. His attitude continue to worsen.

At this point in time, it's useless to even try to talk to him. I walked out and told the lady server that it's a shame to have him ruin the establishment. I have been coming here for a while and they rather lose a regular customer and save that nickle and dime than to make things right. 

Ritesh, if you are the actual owner and reading this, my advice to you is that don't lose your customer over nickel and dime. You need to fire Elmer and retrain your staff to listen to customers' want. Do not say one thing and do another.
