DNSDAtD6uxQkoZkQe2v4ew Overall this was a disappointing experience - everything fell a little flat. There are better indian places in Vegas. 

Decor: Fantastic. I really liked the layout and ambiance. The furniture was modern and the decorators did a nice job of making this look like an indian bistro. Great photos on the walls and the wine rack over the bar on the wall was nice. 

Service: Meh... Attentiveness was fine, she didn't communicate well any answers to questions we asked. 

Cocktails: This is where the majority of points were lost. First of all, don't have any of the cocktails. The server lost points for not being able to describe in greater detail a drink I got that had a masala seasoning to it with tequila. I asked if it was served up or on the rocks and she said on the rocks. Out came what could be described as salty, room temperature, tequila masala broth (with no tequila taste) with two floating frozen cat testicles for ice cubes. Not sure what they were supposed to be, but this drink was absolutely horrid. Usually, I lower my gaze and bite the bullet on something I order, but this one was a for sure send back. My alternate drink was a Jameson and Ginger ale -- they had no ginger ale. *le sigh* My dining partner got a mojito with curry leaf -- rum, curry leaf, and soda -- no flavor whatsoever. The waitress was cool with taking my drink off the menu, but we pushed through the mojito and just stuck to nothing unique for the rest of the meal.

FOOD: Average. Plating was nice, portions were good, everything was just a little less good than I've had in several other Indian venues in Vegas. Appetizer was a three skewered chicken dish - great for two people. A little inconsistent on the cook of the meat, but nothing raw. Lamb Saag and Chicken Tikka Masala were the entrees with Jeera Aloo and Garlic Naan. Everything was edible but just flat; not good enough to return. 

We came based on the reviews and won't return instead choosing one of three other places that do everything except decor better.
