DNSDAtD6uxQkoZkQe2v4ew For starters, we were quite impressed with the decor, a mixture of traditional and modern.  Great lighting, too. It has a large patio, not quite set up yet, but it was way too hot to eat outside anyway.  

I asked about a wine list, and our waiter, Navi, brought over a single page that had two whites and four reds (along with a few beers).  I'm a white wine drinker, but can't handle either of the two, Chardonnay and Pinot Grigio.  They honestly get me sick.  He offered to go to the nearby liquor store and bring back anything I wanted.  I was going to skip the wine (horrors!), but the owner came out.  He explained that they were set to have a meeting this week with the wine rep, and they were working on setting up a full bar service, including more and different wines and specialty cocktails.  Though I posted a pic of the current list, I'm going to remove it.  I don't think it's fair to keep it, since the restaurant is new and still a work in progress.

The owner, Ritesh, is a highly educated professional who switched to cooking as a second career.  We thoroughly enjoyed talking with him, and his desire to please radiated during our whole meal.  He insisted that Navi go get the wine I wanted, so I acquiesced. I was a happy camper.

The menu is so atypical of the usual Indian restaurant.  It's very small, but everything is cooked fresh.  Ritesh explained that this allows him to focus on the quality of each dish.  He will, though, be adding a few other items, including a thali, which we love to order, since it allows you to sample a variety of food.

We started with samosas, an order of three:  one with peas, another with potato, and the third with paneer and corn.  I don't think I've ever seen corn in an Indian restaurant before.  They were incredibly light, with pastry unlike the usual Chinese eggroll stuff you usually get, and the fillings were delicious, expecially the paneer and corn.  I'm not a pea lover, but loved the dense filling of that one.  The creamy mint and tangy tamarind sauces were yummy.

For our mains we shared a Saag curry bowl, with chicken added, as well as paneer and fresh vegetables.  We ordered both of our dishes medium-spicy, and that's how it was.  Along with that we got Baingan barta, and the smaller size of smoked eggplant dish was a good accompaniment to the large portion of Saag. The garlic naan we ordered was covered with minced FRESH garlic. Last time we had it, at a different place, I couldn't even see or taste garlic.  As it was, I could barely eat much of the main courses after the filling Samosas, but then, I'm not a very big eater.  We'll have my very favorite meal - leftovers - tonight.

As if the great food and phenomenal service weren't enough, a treat awaited us at the end.  Our wonderful waiter was nearby and heard me toast Herb for his birthday.  He said "Oh, is it your birthday?"  I told him it had actually been two days before.  But when we finished packing up the leftovers, Navi and Ritesh came out with a birthday dessert for us to share - their beautiful Kulfi trio:  mango, pistachio and raspberry, artfully presented on a long rectangular plate.

Even better than the fact that it was a delicious meal, it was a special and memorable experience, and I wish Curry Leaf a long and prosperous life.
