DokbdCS20re-Jo-OqKRilQ This is the restaurant that I hold as a standard to which all other Indian restaurants should aspire. None other will fit the bill. Sangam is the best. 

First off: the buffet. Most other Indian restaurants serve yesterday's leftovers. If Sangam does thus, then they've fooled me! The buffet is always fresh and delicious, with no signs of dying under a heat lamp. Even the naan is made in small batches, so it's always oven-fresh. 

Also, if you abandon a dish at your table whilst going for seconds (or thirds...) at the buffet, you will always return to your table to find your used dish cleared, and your water glass refilled. The service here is impeccable. Attentive, yet you never feel as though your waiter is hovering. They are refreshingly discreet and intuitive.

And now, on to the dinner entrees:

The lamb rogan josh is out of this world. My fiancé loves the chicken tikka masala. And no meal, vegetarian or not, is complete without the vegetable korma. Their naan bread is above reproach; spend the extra 45 cents and upgrade to the garlic naan. It's worth it! I love the tamarind chutney (ask for it specifically, it's not on the sauce list); the mint chutney is memorable as well. 

Although the dinner entrees are significantly higher-priced than the buffet might lead one to believe, TRUST me, they're worth it. The buffet is quite good...but the dinner is exceptional. Only first-hand experience can illustrate the difference. 

To conclude your meal, the mango lassi is a sweet-tart delight. But, since I am only lucky enough to be near this restaurant in Oct and Nov, I spend most of my year dreaming of the kheer. It's a milky rice pudding, served cold. But Sangam flavors their version with a light touch of cardamom and rosewater. The result is a subtle nuance of flavor, the delicacy of which I have never experienced before or after. I have sought this flavor in countless other Indian restaurants, and have failed to find the equilibrium of sweetness, texture, and fragrance that Sangam (seemingly effortlessly) achieves.

If I sound over-indulgent...good. They deserve it. Please, Sangam, don't ever change!
