DXsV1EmzKcsnz8bzCHyqnQ When I used to live in Brampton, my older brother always came here for take out. He raved about their butter chicken and after trying a few bites of his take out I agreed, definitely one of the creamier (sweet) variations I've had. 

I moved from Brampton to Mississauga west, so my brother hasn't brought any home for quite a few years now. Today, a few of us were heading to visit a friend who unfortunately broke his ankle before Christmas and was home bound. So after narrowing our stomach growls for Indian, I was put in charge of feeding 4 people. 

I thought about the most cost efficient and Sweet India came up. There are 2 store fronts in the same plaza now, so I walked into the newer one. The gentleman who looked like the owner, was polite (not overly friendly but definitely helpful) and available. I asked his opinion about the amount I was ordering for 4 people and he was pretty honest and didn't really pressure me to order more. 

Everything on the menu is individual portions and doesn't come with naan or rice unless it's a combo. But the prices are amazing- running from about $4-$6 per dish. They also have 2 fridges full of indian sweets that are available by the pound. 

My order:
2 butter chickens (creamy and no traces of tomato base)
1 goat vindaloo (Flavorful, but not much spice)
1 saag paneer (Delicious, the paneer wasn't stale and was still soft)
1 chana masala (Ok...)
1 chicken biryani (I've definitely had better but it was tasty and not mushy)
2 orders of naan (meh... definitely smaller than most other indian restaurants)
1 order of galab jaman (Good)

Total: $39 (WOWZA) when my friends were paying me later after the meal... they tried to give me $40 each lol They couldn't believe the amount they ate was only $39 total. Amazing prices!

CONS:

There isn't a ton of meat in the curries, but a fair amount given that the curry portion is individual size. 

Everything they serve is in styrofoam which isn't environmentally friendly... take out I get (most asian places) but sit down too :/

Parking is limited and not a lot of spaces to back out.

I'll be back the next time I'm responsible for take out! I prefer other indian restaurants in Mississauga for sit down meals though.
