e8_Xt-ldpDgWHn92s3rBaQ I have been here twice. First time, I tried an onion dosa which was served alongside with two chutneys and Sambhar. The dosa and chutneys were good, but the sambhar was just okay. The dosa is definitely very reasonably priced and for a quick lunch, it's good. 

On my next visit, I wanted to try a vegetarian curry dish so I ordered Navratan Korma which is a medley of 9 vegetables. Some of the vegetables used were frozen which is fine considering the price; but at least thaw the vegetables properly. When I took a bite of the cauliflower, it was cold and full of water, an indication it should have been cooked longer. Anyways, I thought I will let it slide. As I got done with about 3/4 of my meal, I found a piece of hair, YES HAIR!!! eek... 

I took it up to the owner at the cash register and the lady who does majority of the cooking. They were shocked and it was obvious they were disappointed. They apologized and I kindly accepted. I offered to pay but the owner didn't accept payment for my lunch which was a nice gesture. 

I realize they have recently opened and in the beginning there are a few bumps which I am willing to be patient with. However, being in the food industry they really need to be careful. The lady who does the cooking has waist-long hair which I think needs to be tied up and secured in a hair net. I was definitely grossed out after eating an oily, frozen vegetable curry with a piece of hair in it. 

Will I go back? Maybe, after a few months when they have worked on their cooking standards.

 Also, when I was waiting on my lunch, religious music/prayer started playing all of a sudden from their ipad and it was definitely a bit awkward. We shared a few looks, I was puzzled because I thought they would turn it off, but they were looking at me, maybe for a response. But then I thought, I can always put on my headphones if its really bothering me. Shortly after, another customer entered so they turned it off. That made me think, were you not taking me seriously as a customer? Hmmm....just another thought.
