EfAqol3tWckyNrBMIooJmg This review is not on the food (because the food never came), but the costumer service: 
My boyfriend and I came here since the line at Tacos El Gordo was too long. Now we wish we have just stayed in the long line at Tacos el Gordo:

Cashier: "What would you like to order?" 
Us: "Two chicken wraps; one with rice and the other with fries."  
Cashier: "Ok..fries? And the other with rice?
Us: Yes
Cashier: "and to drink?"
Us: "A cup of water and a sprite"

We sat down and waited 15 mins for our food. Only ONE chicken wrap and rice came to the table. My boyfriend asked the server if another wrap was on its way. The server stared at us as if he didn't understand English. He didn't say a word. Just stared. So I asked, "We ordered two chicken wraps, one with a side of rice and the other with fries. Is the other wrap w/fries coming?" Again the server stared, then decided to looked at our receipt and squeaked: "One" and quickly walked off. We were confused if that meant the cashier accidentally charged us just for one wrap. The bill as $19 something and didn't seem like one chicken wrap w/rice and a sprite (and tap water) would cost so much. But it's Vegas, so we wanted to make sure that was the case. So we went to the cashier:

Boyfriend: "Hi, I just ordered two chicken wraps and a sprite from you. One with rice and the other with fries. Only one wrap came, is the other coming out soon? Or did you forget to charge us?"

Cashier: Mumbles incoherently (we didn't understand what he said so we asked again)  

This was when the manger/owner (?) came out yelling defensively from the back: 

Manger: "ONE! ONE WRAP!"
Boyfriend: "Hi, I ordered two-"
Manager: "YOU WANT ANOTHER WRAP? GET IN LINE!"
(The cashier went hiding because he knew he messed up our order but was too scared to tell his boss)
Boyfriend: "Look I was just asking- (gets cut off again)
Manager: "Sir you want another wrap? There is the line. You buy one and I make you a wrap" *said condescendingly 
Boyfriend: "Fuck this. I don't need to take this from you" Looks at me: "lets go."
Manager: "No sir eat your food and I'll make you a wrap." *again said condescendingly and tries to stop from leaving and direct us back to our table. 

We moves away from him and I told him to fuck off. We walked out without eating. I would suggest never eating here. There are better places in Las Vegas than to waste your money on overpriced food and be treated like a dog because you asked a question about your order.
