EfAqol3tWckyNrBMIooJmg The last thing I thought walking in here after a busy day of sight-seeing on the strip was that it would be phenomenal! And also, as fair warning, this is the first time I had a gyro so I may not be an expert on the matter. :) The reason we walked in here was because there was a sign advertising pizza outside, but when we walked in the choices were overwhelming! With my girlfriends on a bachelorette party we wanted something pretty filling before a night of clubbing in Vegas, and we each got their Gyro meal with fries and a drink.

First thing to note, their drinks do not come with free refills. The customer service from the owner was great though. Constantly came over to see if we needed anything else. And he initially declined to refill our drinks but then said if we left a review, he would give us all refills... (I would've left a review either way, so this part didn't bother me)

Second thing to note, remember when I said we originally walked in for pizza? Don't get the pizza or or "american" food here. Two of the girls we traveled with had the pizza, and hated it. For this Kabob n More loses a star, butitit was also the reason we walked in, so I guess it's a good thing they have it? Oh well, small catch 22.

Now, onto the gyro. It was AWESOME! The bread was great, which was surprising. Soft and fluffy, didn't taste stale or like it had been sitting out at all. The sauce, was incredible! Once again, my first gyro so it was surprising how good it was. The lamb/beef was cooked to perfection and not chewy but a perfect mix with the bread, sauce, lettuce and tomatoes. All the ingredients really meshed very well together.

Also, the fries! This is another reason I was surprised the pizza was terrible since the fries were fresh, thick, and delicious. Totally addicting since we were all eating them off each other's plates.

At the end of the day, a great CHEAP lunch or before dinner snack. Just remember, don't get the pizza. I only tried the gyro, but if I had time, I would've definitely done back to sample some other meals on their menu!
