Ehln9m65hoi5ylWCH2osdQ We were given a gift certificate to Tich so we made the trek out on a recent weekend evening. As we were going with our baby, I decided to make an early reservation, and was able to do so last minute on the same day that we went. There's no dedicated parking but you can park on the street right in front (paid) or on the small side streets. It looks like they have a little terrace in the summer too.

When we arrived around 5:30, there were only a few other tables occupied (including a family with a young child - always happy to see other kids when I go out to eat now haha), but it quickly filled up so I would recommend making a reservation. The decor is really nice inside - I would describe it as slightly upscale casual (there's no tablecloths or fancy dinnerware). They seem to do a lot of takeout business. Even though we were seated near the door on a windy evening, it wasn't cold at all because they have a double set of doors, something I'd never considered before but appreciated here. I loved that they left a carafe of water on the table for us to pour ourselves as needed.

We ordered a small assortment of dishes, some favourites, some new. The lamb biryani was really tasty - good amount of meat (though it doesn't look that way at first glance), and it came with a small side of raita which was appreciated since it was actually a bit spicy like we'd asked for. The butter chicken was good as well, chicken tender and not dried out, though not spicy at all (we asked for spicy), and a touch underseasoned. They didn't have a paneer dish that we usually like to order so we got the saag paneer instead. I usually don't like it too much because often the spinach is overwhelming, but it wasn't in this dish, and the flavour of warm spices was actually really nice (nutmeg? cinnamon? cloves? that kind of spice). The Malabar lobster and prawn curry was interesting, unlike anything I've had before. You get two lobster tails and two pieces of prawn in a creamy coconut-based curry. The sauce is just fantastic to be sopped up with naan. One of our lobster pieces was actually missing the tail meat but they were quick to replace that without any issue. Unfortunately, the lobster was a touch undercooked, though I would rather it be undercooked than overcooked. The naan wasn't bad; wasn't as soft as I would have liked it, but still tasted authentic. 

A complaint that others have already mentioned is that the portions are very small for the price. As I mentioned, it's not a fancy restaurant - for example, the food isn't plated and arrives in underwhelming plain bowls. The food overall is good but not great, and combined with the price, I don't think I would have been satisfied with my meal if I didn't have a gift certificate. That being said, the service was excellent. Our waiter (and others helping him out) were very friendly, knowledgeable, and attentive. They were also very accommodating towards my baby - they had a high chair ready for me, and welcomed her into the restaurant. I also didn't have any issues waiting a long time for our food to arrive, as others have mentioned, but that might have a been a product of dining so early. Oh, they accept Visa as a form of payment.
