eJab5373h0eZiOYnMPG4dg Pretty standard Indian. And by standard, I mean this is what you will find at almost every Indian restaurant in America. I am no Genuine Indian food expert, but your average USA Indian restaurant will have the same menu as every other one, no matter what city or state you're in. 

That being said, if that's what you're in the mood for, then FOI will fit the bill. It's in a very sad-looking strip mall, and the management of the restaurant must be very anxious about all of the empty storefronts around them. But the interior of the restaurant is spacious and comfortable, and when I walked in to pick up our takeout order, I was immediatelly greeted by a very friendly host. 

The food was good, as far as overly-oily typical Indian fare goes. We ordered the Tandoori chicken, Tandoori fish, naan, and a cauliflower and potato dish. All were very tasty and served with basmati rice. 

I have two criticisms of the food:
1)the onions in the tandoori dishes were raw. Perhaps if we had eaten there, they would have been served in a cast-iron skillet, which would have improved matters. I'll withhold final judgment until we try it again. The meats were all very good, though.

2)OILY. Oh my goodness, there must have been equal parts oil and vegetables in the cauliflower dish. I wonder if Indian restaurants are under the impression that Americans really do want their food swimming in oil and that's why they make it that way, or if true Indian food, in India, is also as oily as what you'll find at restaurants here? I don't have the answer. 

**I will put in a plug here for Bombay Spice, at Tatum and Shea, which is Indian food made healthfully, without nearly as much oil or cream as most restaurants. I wish I could count on that everywhere. **

So, it was a solid 3-star experience, given that it met my expectations of very oily, very tasty average Indian food. It would definitely earn another star or two if someone in the kitchen made an effort to cook with health in mind. It's really not hard.
