eJWTlUL96op0xa8dVPIGzw Overall a low key, sub-par food experience. Not a place I'd recommend, but it's not like I would tell you to stay away either...

Food (3/5): Alright so I had the vegetable samosas, pani puri, and the butter chicken with garlic naan. The vegetable samosas had a bubbly skin to it and were alright, but I could do with less grease. The pani puri was disappointing. They gave the shells and then chickpeas and potatoes.. pretty much plain. Then some sauces. Looking at it was disappointing, eating it was even more disappointing. Would not recommend you order that here. The butter chicken was slightly better, but I found it was still lacking in the strong flavours that I love so much about indian food. It was almost like eating butter chicken on mute. It's butter chicken, but its not the best I've had. The chicken was slightly hard and dry on the inside considering it sits in tons of sauce. The garlic naan is incredibly garlicky but I like my naans slightly thinner and easier to pull apart haha. At least their mango lassi was good!

Price (3.5/5): It's a low key place so they've got $1-2 price advantage compared to fancier places. For all the things I ordered + 1 extra main for my boyfriend it came to $50 between the the 2 of us with food to take home.

Service (3.5/5): Honestly the service is more on the 3 side because it was awkward af... but so awkward it was almost funny (?). 3 key moments: 1) the waiting asked us if we were ready to order and we said yes. In reply he said, "ok give me 2 minutes." Like wut? 2) as a different waiter was pouring water my friend was looking at the glass. Awkwardly the waiter stopped and looked at my friend with a confused look. My friend, "sorry, i didn't mean for you to stop, can you keep filling up my glass?" haha I don't really know what the waiter was thinking. 3) as the waiter was taking our dishes she ends up clumsily DROPPING THE KNIFE onto my boyfriends lap. In a rush, he picked it up and kind of shied away ashamed. Nothing really happened, but the service was so awkward it was funny... 

Atmosphere (3/5): Very low key, almost home-like. Not much else to say, its a medium sized establishment and was moderately full throughout the time we were there for dinner on a Saturday night.
