-yz0XHYoG1WOUm78K0vktQ This place was awesome!!! Went with a massive crowd with lot of little ones to have brunch at this place and I was quite surprised in a good way that is. 

As you enter the restaurant; after parking your car (plenty of parking), there are two sections to the place. Right side is for the restaurant and sweets (methai) where as the left side is for ice- cream and paan (which consists of fillings wrapped in a triangular package using leaves of the Betel pepper, and could be sweet or bitter depending on what you prefer)

The restaurant itself was very clean and up kept, they had plenty of staff to take care of the crowd. As we were a big group they gave us a closed big section at the back, which was kind of nice to seat all of us. The cooking area and where the place where the food was kept was clean. 

The service was splendid. The server was present at all times and took our order properly. They came fast to clean the glass of water which fell on the ground. Then there was a lady walking around checking if everything was ok. They also turned the TVs on in that section which was nice. 

Now the food. My cousin was on about how their Chana Bhatura was awesome, so we all went to try that. As soon as we looked at the menu we knew we need to try more things as the menu had a lot of AWESOME selection. Hence, we ordered:

1. Parantha -  A whole wheat bread stuffed with spices and choice of Muli (dikon,) Aloo (potatoes,) or Gobi (cauliflower). We ordered Aloo Parantha, It was decent but I wanted the Aloo to be spicy. The bread came with a sauce to dip. 

2. Onion Rava Masala Dosa - Rava shell stuffed wtih potatoes, onions, green chilli, ginger, black pepper and spices. Stuffing was to the full and quite filling. Watch out for the watery sauce it is exceptionally spicy.  

3. Masala Dosa - Stuffed with potatoes.

4. Pizza Utthapam - Mixed vegetables, tomato sauce and mozzarella cheese

5. Channa Bhatura / Puri - Chick peas cooked in authentic spices & served with fried bread. Enough to feed 2 people just order an extra Bhatura. 

6. Thali - Three vegetables with rice, raita, salad, achar, dessert & naan or roti or extra rice. We have a lot of vegetables to choose from.

7. On the side/ Dessert we ordered Sweet Lassi, Salty Lassi, Mango Shake, Mango Lassi and a cake. 

Pizza Utthapam was not a hit with adults as well as kids but everything else passed the flying colours. Overall, the quality, quantity, and taste of the food was very good. The service was great! and the menu is easy on the pockets.
