ezDMJGONUEy1DyGSJ3vUJw Is it possible to have two horrible experiences in one weekend? Damn. 

Fuck my life. It is.

I have family in town, so naturally, everyone wants to go to the most ethnic place possible. We go to the Copper Kettle in Mesa. I'd been here before and my experience wasn't bad. I liked it. This time around though, I felt like I wanted to kill myself.

We walked in, it was busy. Great. Good sign, that must mean that people like the place. I noticed there was a buffet in the back. All the food looked fucking miserable. Of course it did. It's a buffet. What self-respecting person would eat ethnic food at a buffet?

In any case, we are seated. 15 minutes later, we get 3 menus. 5 people at the table. 9 minutes after that, we all get plastic coke classes of ice water (I shouldve been conservative on this 98 degree day, because this was the only water I got-- no refill). 

We ordered our food, and it was fucking useless. The chicken was undercooked. My mom ordered the beef chapli kabob, which came out to the table sizzling....seemingly great, only to make EVERYONE in the restaurant cough, and give us dirty looks.

My poor aunt had specially requested no chilis in her dish, and of course, her dish had EXTRA chili. My aunt requested all of this in Hindi and Urdu....native languages to these people. What the shit is wrong here?

After we got our food, no one came back to check up on us. On this hot spring day, we never got refills on our waters. I guess now I know what it's like to be welcomed to the desert. Thanks a lot Copper Kettle. 

Also, with the undercooked chicken, my family and I are probably going to get sick from salmonella. Kidding. But seriously.

I am Indian and my Dad was born in Pakistan. I can judge this food and service. I can't come back here. This place is a joke. 

Getting a server was like what I imagine it's like to hail a cab in New York City. They see you. They know you ask for their help. They know you are a paying customer, but don't really care about you and go on with their day.

Bottom line....

No respectable Indian or Pakistani should/would eat here. Or Human for that matter.

Never coming back.

There has got to be a better place in town...
