f-WuJzLy2yi7D95lPyrNCg We tried this place for lunch today.  The food was indeed tasty, but the remainder of our visit left a lot to be desired.  We arrive and walk inside to a mostly empty place and we are not greeted, so we stand there by the door.  I looked around for a sign or something to tell me if I'm to seat myself or wait to be seated = there was no such sign  :-(  There are tables and a small buffet to one side and a cash register with nobody behind it.  It's all old school wooden paneling type decor with large pictures of their food along one wall.  As soon as I begin to walk towards the register seeking some direction on how to proceed I could hear my own shoes sticking to the floor with each step I took... this never makes me feel like things are clean enough because if you're ok with your customers' shoes sticking to the floor in the front of the house, what are you ok with in the back of the house where I can't see?

So we goto the register and a man appears from the back and he seems unsure why we're standing at the counter.  I asked him where do we place our order and he tells us to have a seat and to go ahead and eat from the buffet.  What if I'd wanted to order off the menu?  I guess that wasn't an option?  while standing there we tell him we want cokes to drink and he said he'd bring us one.  Half way through the meal (after I'd already noticed water pitchers tucked away in a corner AND served both myself and my lunch partner) the man brings us each a coke in a glass.  The food here is spicer than usual Charlotte Indian buffets so bringing a drink in the middle is a fail...  we needed that liquid as soon as we began eating so is why I had to find the water myself!  If the water is "self-serv", you may want to actually say that to your customers when they place their orders.  I don't go out to eat to end up getting my own food and drinks, if I wanted to serve myself, I'd eat at home and save my money.

The sanitation grade was only a 92, still an "A", but not by much considering that if your staff takes a "sanitation" class it automatically gives you points on your grade.  The food was pretty good, but not good enough to come back for considering the lack of drinks, sticky floor and zero service.
