F2Sz8PJ5j1JSwFNsB4bb3w I discovered Indian Spices a few years ago when I was downtown for Light Up Night. All of the restaurants in the area were incredibly crowded, but we stumbled upon this one that somehow wasn't busy. Usually not being busy isn't a good sign, but in this case popularity doesn't seem to correlate with quality. I have no idea why this place isn't busier, but I won't complain -- I think there could be a Pirates game, Steelers game, sold out shows at every theater, a parade, and the arts festival all going on downtown simultaneously and I'm pretty sure I'd still be able to walk right in and get a table here. So now this is my go-to place when I'm in the area for a show or a game.

The ambiance isn't particularly inviting -- it's very sterile and hole-in-the-wall. They have a large selection of typical dishes that you'd expect to find at an Indian restaurant. I've sampled quite of few of their popular meat dishes (tikka masala, vindaloo, etc.), all of which are good, although not the best I've had in town. Where I think Indian Spices really knocks it out of the park is with their vegetarian offerings. In particular, their Aloo Ghobi and Malai Kafta are crazy delicious. The Aloo Ghobi has fresh chunks of cauliflower, potatoes, and onions tossed with cilantro and curry spices. It's super flavorful and has quite a kick -- love it when food makes me sweat!  :) They definitely live up to the name "Indian Spices," so be sure to order low on the spicy scale if you don't like heat. The Malai Kafta consists of fried veggie balls (peas, carrots, onions, potatoes, paneer cheese, and probably more) swimming in a warmly-spiced tomato sauce. The veggie balls are just bursting with flavor and have a texture that is slightly crispy on the outside but soft on the inside. The Malai Kafta sauce is wonderfully complex -- spicy, sweet, coconutty, creamy -- with raisins and sliced almonds mixed in to add a nice textural variety. Absolutely delicious. If I had to pick just one Indian meal to eat for the rest of my life, the Malai Kafta from Indian Spices would definitely be a strong contender.

Portion sizes here are generous (if you run out of rice they will happily bring you more), and the prices are more than reasonable, especially considering the location. My hubby and I can each get a meal and share some naan and barely crack 20 bucks. Such an excellent value. Service is usually attentive and the food comes out in a reasonable amount of time. Overall, I'd recommend giving this unassuming little restaurant a try!
