fagmJeecurJfXGAxbgMv8Q Oh how the mighty can fall.

The Cholas was the newest opening in Edinburgh I was most excited about. It opened in March and I went about 6 times in 4 weeks, as my first review of it attests. I got chatting to the waiter, and learned that the chef was from South India and had been a South Indian chef for a number of years.

The food that was presented over the last 6 months at The Cholas was beautiful. Chana Masala chocked full of chickpeas. Chicken curries so delicately and intricately spiced. Paratha bread that was melt in the mouth delicious. Dosas that were crispy, and filled with flavouful potato or lamb.

But in the last 3 months, the food quality has reduced quite a lot, and in such ways that I can point out what has changed. The chana masala has about 1/2 has many chickpeas as it used to, and is far more a 'sauce' with some floating chickpeas in it. Before it used to be made up of almost purely stewed, soft chickpeas. The dosa once came (home delivery) with a lamb filling that had NO flavour or spice. They must have forgotten to add any spices, but it was tasteless. The chicken curries taste like standard "UK Indian" creamy, spicy curries but with no distinct flavour. The paratha is thicker, heavier, less buttery and fresh, and just not as great. The aubergine curry also has less aubergine in it. 

This used to be a restaurant that offered what many Indian restaurants in Edinburgh couldn't. Excellent Indian food, authentically cooked and spiced, with beautiful ingredients, good portion sizes with very unique dishes. The waiting time in the restaurant was lengthy, and the interior of the restaurant is also very 'lacking' and plain, but it was worth it for the delicious food.

Now, the restaurant is still lacking in decor, the waiting time is still very long, and the food quality has reduced so much that I don't want to spend 30 minutes waiting for it and really don't know if I'll go back. I've ordered (both sit in and takeaway) 5 times from them since I noticed the change in quality, each time hoping the last was a fluke. But no, it seems to be permanent.

This is almost like a break up. I'm sorry Cholas. You still serve totally 'a-ok' South Indian food. But it certainly isn't any different or special to anything else served in Edinburgh, and you used to have something that no one could imitate. Such a shame.
