FfA7BYSEc46Y3lKHOiqn4g In searching for a restaurant to celebrate a friend's birthday, 39 Spices made the short list, based on the good reviews on Yelp, so we reserved a table of ten. None of us had been there before but we all love Indian food and love to explore new restaurants.

Upon arrival, we were greeted and seated in a larger dining space towards the back of the restaurant. It's a lot bigger than it appears from outside. There is also a sizable patio out front but the cool damp spring weather made it unsuitable for this visit.

We started off with cocktails and an assortment of appetizers while waiting for the guest of honour and a couple of friends. A vegetable platter of samosa, aloo tikki, harabara kabab, and paneer offered some tasty choices to nibble on. The mango salad was also very tasty but could have used a little more mango and less dressing. The chicken pakora, papadum, and naan were also very good, a good start to our meal.

Our entrees included butter chicken (a must-have at any Indian restaurant), paneer, channa, chicken biryani, lamb biryani, and a tandoori platter of paneer tikka, lamb kebab, chicken tikka, and fish tikka. We just had to order more of the delicious naan.

Everything tasted really good, rich with flavour. The butter chicken was a bit on the sweet side but good. The goat was enjoyed by everybody, even those that had reservations about it tasting gamey. The channa (chickpeas) was excellent. Although the overall presentation could have been a little nicer, we were all very happy with the flavours.

The service was mostly good. We hung around for a while after our meal was finished, just catching up with friends, sharing some laughs. Our servers were very patient. We asked one of them to take a picture of our group and she even cleared a lot of things off the table before taking a few shots that all turned out well.

On our way out, we noticed a buffet setup (for lunch only) in the front dining area and one of the owners explained the menu to us. For only $11.99 (weekdays), it seems like a good deal. I'll have to come back to try it.
