ffWkln-XUcOyh_K9SK5oBQ I had been wanting to try this place for a while, as I'm a fan of healthy vegetarian/vegan cuisine, and these types of places can be hard to find in Toronto. First, I'll write about the atmosphere because it really makes this place for me. Then I'll review the food. 

ATMOSPHERE: When we entered, I almost felt like I was entering a different world. It was like a bubble of heaven, peace, and love. At first, I was a little weirded out by this because it was so different from the outside world, but I quickly started loving it, and soaking up the peaceful vibes. 

The two waitresses were dressed in colourful yet modest sarees, and they were also very peaceful and kind. The colour of the walls and decor was eggshell and pastel blue, green, pink, and very soothing. There was a light, airy, zen-like feel, with soothing music playing, and people were speaking quietly. Also, before you enter there is a sign that says to turn off your cell phone. There were inspirational messages written on little cards at each table, and at the front of the restaurant there were shelves with books, meditation CD's, and greeting cards for sale, as well as many pictures of the spiritual guru this restaurant is dedicated to (Sri Chinmoy) with famous people like Princess Diana, Nelson Mandela, Bill Clinton, Yoko Ono, Mother Theresa, the past two Popes, etc. There was a picture of him with thousands of his disciples at the Metro Toronto Convention Centre in 1987. It was really quite interesting and intriguing to look at these pictures and learn about this man. There were also videos of him playing different instruments. 

FOOD: There are many indian inspired vegan/vegetarian dishes to choose from, and also a western menu with veggie burgers and things. My boyfriend and I ordered 2 samosas for our appetizer, which were fresh, light, and yummy. We also got the Raita Salad (Cucumbers and tomatoes in yoghurt, dill and cumin). It was a small portion but very refreshing and satisfying. We still had lots of room for our mains which is sometimes a problem at other restaurants when the appetizers are too filling. For my main I chose the Annapurna Sampler (Sagu, potato masala, sambar, yoghurt, pickle, chappati, pappadum & basmati or brown rice). You'll have to go to the website to read up on what each of these dishes is. It was basically a curry, a potato dish, rice, a little cup of lentils, Indian pickles and two types of flat breads. It was very good, and again light-tasting. I felt good after the meal, and not bloated or too full. It was a mid-sized portion, perfect in my opinion. My boyfriend got the Masala Dosai Crepe made of rice & urid lentils filled with spicy potato-onion masala and served with coconut chutney and sambar. He really enjoyed his meal as well. I got a carrot apple juice, and he got a mango lassi, which were both delicious. The prices were low, we paid about 35$ for the both of us (that includes two appetizers, 2 mains, and 2 drinks). The only reason I am giving this review 4 stars is because for me to give 5 stars, the food would have to be mind-blowing. It was very delicious and made with love, but not mind-blowing. 

If you are health and food conscious, and you love delicious, light, low-priced vegetarian food. And if you like beautiful, peaceful, and gentle environments, this place is for you! I highly recommend it to peaceful, spiritual people. There were people of all ages, early 20's to 60's/70's. It was very inclusive and friendly, and you don't have to worry about any pretence, or hipster BS. I'm a female in my mid 20's, and will definitely be going back to this place.
