FlOvCwPUrRCicfbpd1tUIQ I thought of a lot of funny ways of writing this review.  Smash the microwave comments or the lack of understanding how split checks work...  The list can go on and on.  This was until I saw that I was the first to review the restaurant.  I take Yelp seriously as it has led me to many a great gastronomic experience around the world.

To joke about such a poor initial review, in my opinion is irresponsible and unfair to the restaurateur.  They can change their ways and win me back.

Where to start.

We walk in and wait to be seated.

The waiter, who happens to also be the manager (I just think it's a family run business and it was the other waiter's older brother.  More on that later.) Greets us and 'directs' us to sit at the third booth to the right and quickly walks away.  Well, from the perspective of the customer who doesn't see the world from the kitchen door, this is entirely incorrect.  You can see the incorrect mindset of the restaurant right there.  That already gave me an odd feeling of a student teacher relationship if you know what I mean.

We sit down and he makes his way back to the table with four menus, puts them down firmly on the table, pauses and points at the menus.  Then walks away.  wtf?  Very odd behavior.

Minutes pass (We are here for lunch and are salaried so have to get back to work) and there is no movement over to us to take our order.  He finally makes it over to the table next to us and asks if we are ready.  We say yes.  He turns around, takes the check and some dirty dishes and walks to the kitchen.  More minutes pass and still no sign of order being taken.  We had to flag someone down to finally start the process.

The menu is simple and has complete dishes on the left and a lunch 'build your meal' setup on the right.  Makes sense enough to start.

He finally makes it over and my friend had questions about the menu since it's not the most common way to order lunch.  He is corrected and we move onto the next person in the party.  He orders and a snide remark from the waiter chastises my other co-worker for not navigating the menu correctly.  We are all taken aback by such anti-social behavior.  I now definitely know how to order.  I feel like we are at the soup Nazi in NYC.

Orders are taken and we are just chuckling about it now and I am further justified in my initial impression of him when he ordered us where to sit.

Water finally makes its way to us and we wait, and wait, and wait for the food which is supposed to be lunch.  NOTE:  the place is about 25% full so it's not like they are overwhelmed and I should be understanding of their delay.

Food is here!!!

Mine comes out first and it's steaming.  I got Tandoori chicken masala, Biryani, and a somosa.  My other friend's meal came out. He got chicken Pakora naan and some other chicken; don't remember exactly.
We wait for the other two dishes to start eating.  They finally make it out and we commence.

My friend got the chicken lollipops and couldn't wait to dig in.  She was happy with the sauce (which kicked ass!) and started enjoying the chicken.  I dug into the samosa which was ok.  Nothing to write home about but ok.  My friend with the Pakora started on his also.  The fourth friend stopped eating because..  Well he never really started because the Fish sticks because they were cold.

He says this just as my other friend is complaining about her cold rice and chicken main course.

Ok, let me stop for a second and explain what I mean by cold and it's a subjective adjective in the cooking world that can mean any number of things.  When I say cold I mean it in the context of, it was just taken out of the refrigerator cold.  I mean, you put it to your mouth and are shocked by the temperature change since you see others food steaming cold.  COLD!!!

They comment on this and both dishes are sent back.  We start chuckling about how the food will be just microwaved and sent back.

At this time, I try my chicken and Biryani dish.  I am underwhelmed at the flavor and am not happy about the temperature of the rice.  However, it's more tepid than the cold of their dishes.  I also don't like to complain.  (I know I know it doesn't sound like it.  :)  )  The meat was tasteless yet cooked perfectly.  It seemed like it was cooked and then the sauce was put on it.  No marriage between the two.  The rice also had an odd metallic flavor to it.

This is when we are all commenting and my friend says his chicken pakora appetizer was dry and not good.

The dishes come back.  One is "OK" and the other is still cold.  Not as cold as before but still cold enough to send back.  The poor waiter, who was super nice(not the older one), comes back and is embarrassed.  Poor guy is learning since he even admits to the fact that it needs more time in the microwave.  We laugh!  Her dish goes back and my friend comments how even his salad is hot now since they just threw the whole dish into the microwave not caring what should and shouldn't go in.
