FlPAGqTovHc4mEIKJ7Q8Nw My Mom and I decided to go to Maharaja on Odana Rd for dinner this past Tuesday. However, once we pulled up in the parking lot we noticed Maharaja was no longer there. Instead it is now the Tandoori House. I briefly looked up some reviews on the Tandoori House and they were pretty average. However, I noticed Swagat had overwhelmingly positive reviews so we decided to go there instead.

We were promptly greet and seated. The dinner menu is very expansive, they have so many menu offerings it's a bit overwhelming at first. Although I didn't order off of the Southern India menu, I think it's nice they offer the specialties of that region. They were playing Indian music which I could appreciate. I would much rather listen to Indian music than standard American Pop music. 

I ordered the Chicken Vindaloo and asked the waiter if I could request spinach be added to it. He informed me that spinach wouldn't compliment the meal well because it would become to bitter and the sauce wouldn't taste right. I really appreciated his honest feedback and culinary expert response. Once I tasted the dish I realized he was right and that the spinach wouldn't have done the dish any justice. 

We were served complimentary Papadam with the meal and several refills of them, which I appreciated. They can be eaten so quickly, and some Indian restaurants are not as generous with serving you more of them.

The garlic Naan we ordered was extremely fresh and delicious. 

The Chai tea was also good as well as the Black Dal my Mom ordered. 

While we were dining there some of the wait staff were busy cleaning the tables and putting clean table cloths underneath the glass table covers. I appreciate the fact that the restaurant is kept so clean, particularly the tables. Some restaurants with glass table tops rarely put clean new table cloths on. 

I am interested in trying their lunch buffet sometime and further items on their menu. If those are also impressive, I won't hesitate to give them five stars.
