_b8IGG_tsArBIMwlCVsWCQ As a child whose parents are right off-the-boat English, I can say I have had my fair share of Indian food.  This may seem like a strange statement but there is a correlation between Indian food and the English, aside from the long history, that is, the English have always found a way to mess with Indian food while still trying to keep its authenticity. Unsuccessfully of course.  

For example, most English pubs serve curry. All they do is pop some curry on top of chips (French fries) and "bloody ell!" you've got curry fries. Creative right?! I shouldn't complain because it's delicious but after having real Indian food I never want pub-style curry again. 

Even before I tried India Time a couple weeks ago, I was convinced I could eat Indian food everyday for the rest of my life. I hold true to this statement, but with a minor change; I could eat Indian food from India Time everyday for the rest of my life. 

My first experience at India Time was date-night we walked in to order take out, and since I was wearing Lulu Lemon, we figured eating in wasn't the best option. The space had amazing décor, a relaxed atmosphere and a nice romantic feel to it. There were candles on each table, beautiful table settings and nice music. It's perfect for date night. But we stuck with take out. Maybe next time we will eat in when I'm not wearing buffet pants.

For our order we decided on samosas, garlic nan bread and 2 entrées to share, Lamb Korma and Paneer Tikka. I've never had Paneer before, cheese in curry always seem weird to me but I'm not scared to try something new.  

While we were waiting for the food, the owner asked me if I would like to see how the nan bread was made. So I ventured to the back to see the Tandoori and watch him make nan. So cool. When I'm rich I'm gonna have a Tandoori in my kitchen.  

Our food came pretty quickly, considering it was made to order. The samosas came in a chickpea curry, I love chickpeas, so it was a delightful surprise. The nan was perfectly cooked, chewy and soft with a small amount of char.  The lamb was cooked on-the-bone in the curry sauce, which is the best way. The meat was tender and delicious and the korma had a bit of a kick, surprisingly as korma is often more mild. The panner was delicious, similar to cubed ricotta cheese. Previous suspicions aside, I was not disappointed with this dish.  

For the first time I had curry without rice, just with nan, and I got a lesson on how to eat Indian food without a knife and fork. All you need are your hands and nan bread. As messy as it was, I will probably never eat curry with a knife and fork again. 

Honestly, I loved this place.  If I had the money I would never cook for myself again, even if I had a Tandoori in my kitchen. 

On a side note; the prices are pretty decent, more expensive than other Indian restaurants I have tried, but the food was better and you get what you pay for. For the two of us it was about 30 bucks. At that price you could have date night a couple nights a week.
