FMMNajth88mWX76QVp6N9Q The roach wasn't THAT big. Maybe thumbnail sized. I mean, I've seen ones in other countries the size of my entire thumb, so this was a lil' guy in comparison.

Mind you, that happened at the end of the meal so perhaps I should start at the beginning. 

We've been to Maharani countless times over the years. The food is usually good, the service is usually pretty lackluster.  However, this place has held a warm spot in my heart because it was one of our first date spots so we like to come back & reminisce.  

On this particular evening the service was worse than usual. We had to remind them we had ordered drinks, they brought out a completely wrong entree for the Mister, and the naan bread finally came out halfway through the meal. SIGH.  I think part of the service problem here is that they seem to do a team approach instead of sticking with assigned sections. So things just seem to fall by the wayside and who knows. Was this all foreshadowing what was to come?!  Perhaps. 

We finished eating & the server cleared away our plates. As she walked away I looked down to see a cockroach scurry across the table. It seemed to have been hiding under my plate.  The Mister, aghast, promptly trapped the rascal under a napkin and waited for the server to come back. She returned (to bring us our to-go boxes) and he lifted the napkin to show her the offending critter. She gasped and scooped it all up and went into the back. 

The Mister & I just stared at each other, incredulous. We figured this would be interesting... how would they handle it?  Would our dinner be comped? Would a manager come out, very apologetic?  

Soon after, she returned and informed us that pest control had been here earlier that day (presumably this was the excuse/explanation for why the roaches were on the run). She promptly handed us our bill and advised us she'd given us 20% off, explaining she'd only done that much since we'd already eaten our dinner.

SCREEEEEEEECCCCCHHH!   Wait.A.Minute.Here  So, what I'm understanding is that depending on at what point during your meal you have the bad experience, your discount will reflect that.  Good thing we didn't order dessert... if the roach had waited to show it's face until then it might have only been 5% off! 

I get it, restaurants can have roaches and many of them around town probably do. (Ick. I can't think about it too much or I'll end up a hermit). Regardless, it's pretty unusual for them to turn up on your table and what's critical after an incident like this is staff response which, disappointingly, was sorely lacking here.
