FN7aVgmb81RY6WHmSOV2cw The heady scent of incense filled the air in Bindi as the Yelpers gathered for their vegetarian Indian Thanksgiving. The chairs were squashy and high-backed, arranged around a quirky T-shaped table arrangement. Among those of us seated next to the large and beautifully-decorated plate glass window, there was a little shuffling and struggling to slip in and out, but the passing of plates and dishes to those least accessible made for a fun party game and added to the celebratory atmosphere of our gathering. Tanya L had brought hand turkeys, and Julie G, in addition to Gobbles the turkey Beanie Baby, who served as our table mascot, had brought two big boxes with her containing pumpkin pie. The staff, far from being offended that we'd brought our own dessert, were more than happy to take them into the kitchen until they were needed, and even brought out a specially-made pumpkin curry to add to our dinner!

With two gluten-free diners among our number, the waitresses were also quick to go and check suitable dishes with the kitchen. Clad as they were in stunning fitted dresses heavily laden with mirrors and detailed embroidery, it was a joy to see them float around the restaurant with giant smiles. It felt like they loved being there as much as we did. I had a chat with one of the waitresses about the gorgeous outfit and she confessed she had been thrilled at the opportunity to wear it when she began working there.

Looking at the prices on the menu, I assumed that all the dishes would be tiny tapas-like things, so I ordered two from the starter-ish part of the menu, and a side on my main, knowing full well that Julie G's pumpkin pie was still to come for dessert. Big mistake! It's a wonder I could drag my bulk all the way home after a bunch of little square poppodums, some of Claire L's delicious sweet potato crispy curls, three amazing batata vada (sort of fried spicy potato patties), a grated carrot salad the name of which I can't remember, a thali served in five silver dishes, and a royal raita of seasoned yoghurt topped with what I think was pomegranate seeds. And whenever I felt like my mouth was on fire from all of the spices (perfectly balanced to create, not disguise, flavour) I took a sip of my passion fruit juice. Yes, indeed, passion fruit juice. Why does EVERYWHERE not serve passion fruit juice? I had two glasses of that stuff. And what did my bill come to for everything I ate (apart from the sweet potato curls I snaffled off Claire and the delicious slice of Julie's pie?) £13.50. I know, right?!

It took a bit of fiddling and faffing among us to sort out our bills individually at the counter but the staff remained helpful and cheery throughout the whole confusion, which ended the night with as much warmth and affection as with which it had begun.

They're starting cookery classes here in January. If it'll teach me to make food even half as good as what I had last night, I will be sorely tempted.

tl;dr version of this review: Go here.
