fp24IseF5LGD1Iev7d0PVA First time back after a year and its just as good as I remember it. A fair selection of vegetarian and non-vegetarian North Indian fair. Not as spicy as I would have liked, but I eat Sri Lankan hot. My dining partner thought it was plenty spicy.

I absolutely love the shahi paneer and channa masala. Saag was also excellent. As are any of their veggie options. No, I am not vegetarian, but they cook these dishes do well; do not miss the meat at all.  But for those carnivores, I highly suggest the Butter Chicken and the goat curries.  Unlike the similar restaurant in Richmond Hill, in this place you do not need to search for the ingredients.  Plenty of vegetables, meats, and cheese in that savoury, creamy sauce.

Tandoor items are also great, namely the naan, paneer gobi, and the chicken tikka. So juicy and succulent was the meat, that I had to have a couple of piece after my dessert. Tandoori chicken was a touch dry today, but it was all leg and thigh pieces, so very tender and flavourful meat, nonetheless. And who could resist roasted cheese and cauliflower? 

I am more of a rice eat, but the naan was nice and soft, and buttery; but still crisp to provide a textural contrast. Perfect for mopping up the various gravies on my plate.

Do not forget to try the tava veggies. Yes, I like my veggies, especially eggplant, and there are plenty of those mini orbs among the various broccoli, carrot, peppers, onions, and the likes. Very flavourful.  

The chaats are also nice. Don't know how to eat them? Ask the servers how to do it. Or better yet, let them whip you up a plate. Crisp pani puri, tart yogurts, sweet and savoury chutneys, spiced potatos and chickpeas, and indian style pickles; served together with black salt, and some spices, it is an additive combination.

Samosas are great when fresh; lovely filling of potatoes and peas combined in a crisp shell. Vadai are light and fluffy. Onion pakoras are only okay, and only when fresh. When sitting for a bit, the excess breading shows, as their crispy exterior diminishes.

I also commend them on keeping a salad option (Cesear and Greek) and fresh fruit. Plenty of cheese in the salads. Fruits were fresh and sweet. I mean, sweet watermelon in this season is hard to come by.

Desserts are great, but avoid the ice creams. Nothing special about those. Instead stick to the selection of gajar halva, gulab jamun, kheer, and rasmalai. Lots of dried fruits and nuts in the halva and kheer to keep the flavour and texture interesting. Gulab jamun is fresh and wonderful, but not for those who do not like Indian sweets. Rasmalai is soft and creamy; not spongy as I have had in other place.

They manage to keep the trays of food refreshed often, often taking them back in the kitchen for replacing, rather than just pouring more on top. Servers were attentive about clearing plates and bringing naan, and helping out at the buffet. The decor is nothing stellar, but there is nothing to complain about. Its clean, its unobtrusive, and it works. More important to me is the food and service.

Over all, a wonderful visit. Prices are good for the quality and quantity of food. I would recommend any day, and would definitely visit again.
