fVbZptKCH2lIRS56M1zc6g I was in the Heartland area, cold and cranky. I seriously need to know when, enough is enough.. apparently I make this executive decision to go to a couple of extra stores mean while I'm dying of hunger. I know what your thinking, don't judge me homie..*pshh*. Anyways, I desperately opened up the Yelp app, and read Bernie C.'s review and I was convinced to check this place out. When I opened the door to Guru's restaurant, it was empty but clean and the decor was quite nice. Once I was seated, I ordered whatever I set my eyes on, not exactly a smart move, since I always order way too much food. The server was polite but he isn't exactly server material. I asked him about the Shanghai noodles and he described them as flat noodles.. We went back and forth for a bit and I was starting to get irritated and googled what I wanted and he's like "Ok.. Flat noodle"... *crickets* I just let the server do his thing and finished placing the rest of my order. Across the room, there was another server who just sat at a table and was glued to the tv and all he did was fill up my water every 5 minutes, who are you competing with? Mandarin? My dehydrated friend was impressed with the water refilling service and stated this place is worth giving 5 stars (big mistake) lol. The appetizer arrived in sync with my water being refilled haha. The chicken pakoras were so deliciously spicy. Now where the heck was my speedy water refill service? My mouth was on fire and the server across the room was no where to be found. Within 10 minutes the Shanghai "flat" noodles (still got me the wrong ones), chilli chicken and manchurian beef arrived all at the same time. The food looked really dull and it all tasted the same. Very mediocre and not as spicy as the chicken pakoras. I've had better Hakka food but this is nothing special to come back for. My friend and I were running low on the H to the IzzO and the main server came with that copper jug to the rescue. We were so stuffed and asked for the bill. When the main server came back with the bill, the other server popped out of no where and started to clear our plates and knocked over a full glass of water on my friends crotch. Haha! So glad it wasn't me. My friend was furious and wanted a discount or even a proper apology but the server just whispered a quick sorry and snuck away. I asked my friend does this place still deserve 5 stars? I'm so mean lol. Seriously this place needs to hire better servers.. they are a mess and just completely boring people, sorry. This place is alright and I will probably try out their lunch buffet instead.
