fZGTgKUNKKuOKC2tg4pQFw I was in the area for a quick visit and wanted to see what the area had to offer in the way of Indian food and this restaurant did NOT disappoint!

Nestled just a few blocks off the Univ. of Pittsburgh's campus, this restaurant sits on a quiet, residential street. A bright red awning made it clear I had arrived.

When I first walked in around 7:00 on a Tuesday, I quickly made 2 observations: I was the only patron and it was small inside. I didn't let that phase me as I quickly grabbed a seat at a small 2-person table and ordered a mango lassi. There was a large TV showing a Bollywood movie on the front wall. The other walls were brightly painted and had few pictures.

My bright orange lassi was as expected: cold and full of flavor. I ordered the two-piece chicken samosa which came out golden brown and piping hot after 5-7 minutes. I used the three dipping sauces provided to add a little spice or sweetness. I never ordered samosa's before but they were tasty and were a great precursor to the rest of my meal.

For the main course, I settled on lamb vindaloo ordered with an average spice and a side order of naan. By this time, 2 families totaling about 8 people trickled in and took up half the seating by the front window. A single man who brought a bottle of wine sat near me in a booth.

My lamb vindaloo came out looking delicious and I could smell the aromatic flavors synonymous with Indian food. Basmati rice also came with the vindaloo. I had to remind my server of my naan order which he quickly brought out. It was hot and had several dribbles of butter on it.

I don't claim to be a connoisseur of Indian food but I have been to India before and been to 10-12 different Indian restaurants around the country so I have an idea of what to expect. Bengal Kabob House was second to none. The lamb and potatoes were tender to cut and the vindaloo flavors blended together amazingly well which left no doubt the food was authentic. Each bite went down easy and the spice and portion size was just right. I enjoyed a second mango lassi with my vindaloo. Throughout the night, the server was attentive but by no means overbearing. 

The prices were very reasonable and they didn't charge me for my second mango lassi although I mentioned it was not on my bill. Very classy!

Overall, I had a great experience. I went with the expectation of eating a good Indian meal and walked away feeling completely satisfied. I would highly recommend this restaurant to anyone who wants an authentic Indian meal at prices even college students can afford!
