g1yY3v-5C3Xd0laRFFCEZg We were recommend Restaurant Salateen by some family friends and decided to give it a try. Now my expectations of Indian/Pakistani cuisine is extremely high, as I am quite accustomed to it so we usually avoid the more 'commercial' type ones and only go if we are sure it is authentic!

Located in the famous Jean Talon district, that is well-known for its selection of Indian cuisine, Salateen is a small and cosy 'typical Indian restaurant' looking place. It is fairly clean and comfortable.
We were recommended their Indo-Chinese selection which is what we intended on having. It is difficult to find 'Hakka Chinese' in Montreal - Chinese food with a spicier side. 
We started with the Hot & Sour Soup - this was amazing! I only expected it to be a spicy vegetable soup but it had chicken and the texture was absolutely delicious. It tasted almost like Tom Yum that I was addicted to in Singapore/Malaysia so I am definitely coming back for this!
We also had the chicken pakoras - these were good, tasty with a lot of food colouring (bright orange) but the pieces of chicken were quite small. Usually these are big chunky pieces but here they were bite-sized with a lot of fat. However, we devoured them and would probably order again.
For our main course, we had chicken noodles, beef schezwan and naan bread. I really enjoyed everything and found the portions a decent large size. This was definitely enough for two people. The noodles were delicious but the schezwan could have been better. It was more like a beef curry than a corn-starchy schezwan - was not impressed by this. My husband however, loved the fact it was more a curry-base and gobbled it all up with the soft, fluffy naan bread. The naan is definitely authentic, tandoor-baked naan which is a must-have!
We shared a mango lassi on the side (lassi is usually too heavy to have with meals) and it was perfectly made.

The biggest downside for us was the behaviour of their staff. I found them too eager when we entered and then stood not far from our table watching us as we ate. It was quite daunting. There was a new girl working and she made a mistake by placing rice on our table. Usually, the schezwan dishes are meant to come with rice so we thought it was included and my husband began to take some. After a few moments, another waitress came by and grabbed the plate and said it wasn't for us and that the girl had made a mistake. Her attitude was very rude and I feel she could have done this more tactfully. 

Overall, delicious and authentic food-wise but service could be improved
