GaymsFE7jVr9PtLwYRYiAA Shezan's browser logo is the first letter of their name which in their customized font and hue resembles a coiling mountain of excrement towering like Babel crowned with a thin streak which could be mistaken for the gaseous side-effect of such a discharge.       
Now that's out of the way, Shezan is one amazing restaurant.  
That's Shezan, not Shazan, which I originally thought, or Shazam, which I so desperately wanted.  
We (including girlfriend) had tickets to the evening show of Gravity at the theater up the street (immediately dating this review).  Gravity is awesome, see it or buy it, 'nuf said...going off topic.  We both felt incredibly lucky to find Shezan--well, my girlfriend already knew about it; I just let myself by guided, which is...OK.  
Shezan claims to be an Indian restaurant but it may be too trendy to be one.  It's a colossal bistro with intentionally mismatched white and black chairs divided among polished wooden tables spaced generously but seemingly chaotically about the floor.  Huge photos plastered on the walls offer the impression that I should be trying on a pair of designer Armani slacks.  There's actually glitter on the walls, that's how flashy this place is.  It didn't look cheap.  I didn't see a buffet anywhere; in fact, I couldn't see a single hallmark of Indo-Canadian cuisine.  The menu confirmed those suspicions, offering numerous items seldom seen in Western restaurants.  The biggest surprises were the prices.  They weren't expensive.  Even taking conversion into account, I'd say Shezan was downright reasonable.  They even offered a three course pre-theater menu for 17.50, or about $30 Canadian, and with that you get a lot of food.  
I know I'm losing your interest.  I should be nitpicking or exasperating a minor quibble into a huge crisis.  I'll soon mention the food, which will convince most people in the area to try out Shezan if they haven't already.  I could carp on their portion sizes being perhaps a tad TOO generous, but what kind of criticism is that?  
We opened our meal with a poppadom and pickle tray and followed that with butter chicken and chicken biryani, the latter a virtual unknown dish in Canada.  We also ordered a peshwari nan which is a naan bread made with coconut milk.  I thought I had good naan, but peshwari makes previous naan feel like that slightly depressing opening act before the Blue Man Group takes the stage.  (I'm sorry, that's the only band I've ever seen in person on stage.)  
However, the portions were so large we were both unable to completely finish our plates, precluding the opportunity to take in a dessert, which we both badly wanted to try.  Not for any unique Indian dish mind you, but rather for a couple scoops of moevenpick ice cream.  It was winter and I didn't care; I wanted ice cream.  My girlfriend and I made guesses about what the other would order.  I would have tried the white chocolate and caramelita, though the pistachio and maple walnut looked pretty good to.  Unfortunately we didn't order any of them, an issue worthy of mention again.  I appreciate the desire to make us satisfied but it looks like more and more restaurants are perhaps making us TOO satisfied, preventing us from making it three courses instead of two.  I'm just saying I would have paid for ice cream if the meal portions were a tad smaller.  
I know, I'm waiting to be tarred and feathered by a mob of overweight Americans who would then promptly try to devour me for looking like oversized chicken in a black polyester longcoat.  And I do acknowledge my reaction upon discovering the 12-inch poppadom, a stretch of starch eclipsed by the naan which followed.  I was overjoyed by such generosity.  The final bill came to a few pence over 30 pounds, making it cheaper for two people than an average under-posh meal in my home town.  
A final word, once again I paid with a card and once again there was no tip option.  Since I had no cash on hand, I couldn't drop down a few bills for the exceptional service provided.  I felt like crap afterwards.  They totally deserved gratuity.  At least I could repay them this way, by recommending Shezan whole heartedly.  Just try to ignore what the first letter of their name resembles and you'd do fine.  I should run a list of restaurant which I would frequent IF I lived in Edinburgh.  Shezan would be near the top of a very short list.

DECOR:  8
PLATING: 8
SERVICE:  8
FOOD:  9
VALUE:  10

OVERALL:  8.6 out of 10
