GdPWJo3z4ySEXpF7Wkn3FA Curry Corner has inspired me to write my first review on Yelp!
I've been coming to this place for years, when I first discovered it thanks to the Food Network. First time I came, I loved it! I loved the food, loved the kind attention (from the female owner) and loved the price. Quite the deal!

However, from a place where I used to love bringing newcomers at a regular basis, it has now become a place where I only show up scarcely and only with a person that already knows its food. Because the biggest problem with this restaurant, is its SERVICE!

To be specific... it's only ONE server I have a problem with. But in a restaurant with only one (maybe two) servers at a time, one bad server is a big deal.

I don't know his name but (and not to be racist) he looks like the only server actually from India/Pakistan region. Other servers seem hispanic or white. Well, this man is the WORST server I've seen in my life. How he's been with this restaurant for so long? It's probably one of life's biggest mysteries because based to my little research, he's not related to the owners.
 
Anyway... this guy walks with the speed of a drunk zombie inside a turtle exhibition. He stares at you as if he's figuring out what life's meaning is all about. He always sits people at tables and then 5-10 min later he hands them menus, and 5-10 min later he takes your order... instead of doing this all at once! (I paid my college tuition as a server for 5 years so I know what I'm talking about.) He's not nice, not informative, does not understand what you're saying, you don't understand what he's saying. Overall, a mess! If he waits on me, I know it's gonna be horrible service. Food comes out before water gets to table, bread gets there when food is almost finished. And don't even think of requesting extra little things like a little more sauce... because that's a task he'll probably forget, ignore or both! 

It's a shame, because I think this guy alone can ruin a business. I'm not saying to get rid of the guy, but the owner should have a talk with him to inspire him to be a little better at his job. I get how some people don't like their jobs, but he has to understand that he works in the service industry and simple things like a smile, an acknowledgement or even a quicker pace of walking can do a difference!

Speaking about the service industry, through my little research I found out that servers do NOT receive the tips. Although it looks like they do get paid their full minimum salary. But why would I restaurant not adopt this system? I believe not giving the tips to their employees can only hurt a business since maybe the incitement for good service is not there. This place is always pretty empty and has the potential to be booming because the food is very good and at a great price and that's the only reason this place gets 3 Stars from me instead of 0.
