GiDPLKtTfNHTb0koEWIz2g I checked in the restaurant few week back with my wife and 2 years old daughter. First thing for review is their hospitality is NOT good. While taking orders their facial expression is like please check the menu and order us, please do not ask much questions to me. The lady in the counter do not have smile at all and is expression less while billing us. They ask to pay before we take our seat. My wife said she would order for one item with me and if she likes she will order next but they said it has to be prepaid and on request they agreed me to pay later.
Anyways I was here for food, the dosa I ordered was good and as per expectation but but the sambhar they give does not taste good and is sweet. Above it, they charge extra for sambhar if taken more, which is ridiculous when they have highly charge the Dosa.
The chutney items are frozen and need to self serve and most wanted coconut chutney does not seem prepared with natural ingredients but with either processed coconut or flavor. It should be always fresh which does not tasted to me.

The cost of all items are comparatively high and this restaurant is cashing on absence of their competitors. Its near by apartment and that is the ONLY reason I home pack food for my wife and kid if they want it. 

On my second visit , I ordered north indian food which was my big mistake. First the cost is again very very high for one paneer butter masala, I find that in other indian restaurants I get good amount of rice or bread complimentary along with curry but here they give a small bowl of rice which is nothing just a formality. So you will be forced to pay for separate bread or rice. Most importantly I asked them to make the dish spicy, they have added extra spice similar to what we get to see in non-indian restaurant and the taste of curry was SWEET with chilly powder added separately. They should stop serving north indian items as its not in their capabilities. Better we cook at home and eat than to visit woodlands for north indian food. Its tagged as south indian restaurant but likeness of food and the availability in their menu tempted me to try once.
The sweets again were quite costly and you can get good sweets at lesser rates in Lotus shop or other indian groceries.

Only thing is order paper masala dosa or onion rava masala dosa which is same as what we get in south india but supporting characters like Sambhar or cutney or other items are bad. In fact do not try samosa as its prepared 2-3 days in advance, and they do not use hand gloves to heat in oven (i saw it) and serve the heated samosa on plate which looks very bad or to eat.
