gJm6XxUQ7uHlrh8Y8fRiuw This was my 2nd stop on my Jury Duty adventure I had over the last 3 weeks.  Kabobs are one of my main food groups so I was pretty excited to not have to remove them from my diet just because I was on jury duty.  

I walked in and there was only one other customer sitting waiting for his food.  I wanted chicken and the cashier who I had the feeling was also the owner and/or manager suggested the #2 combo so I went with that.  It looked pretty much like what I normally get from any Mediterranean restaurant so I sat and eagerly waited.

(note: this 1st paragraph is all about the wait for the food)  5 minutes later the other gentleman received his food.   I heard him get apologized to for the wait and figured no big deal, I had a long jury duty lunch break.  5 more minutes later a lunch rush hit, and the phone kept ringing for take out orders, and several people came in for dining in or to pick up their take out orders.  10 more minutes later and I was starting to wonder what was taking so long, but I gave the benefit of the doubt to the fact that it did seem like there had maybe been several orders called in prior to my arrival.  10 more minutes later (30 total if you cant keep up) and I heard some of the girls who had come in 15 minutes AFTER I did get their names called and food delivered.  The best part was I'd heard them order and 2 of them got the EXACT same order I did!  I made sure to look DIRECTLY at the cashier/potential owner/manager at this point with a face that I attempted to convey confusion with a slight hint of anger.  He did nothing, so I need to work on my facial emotion conveying skills apparently.   I had to get up to ask what the deal was, and it was clear he had completely forgotten about my order.   I found it a little weird that he could have done this since I was SITTING DIRECTLY IN FRONT OF HIM THE ENTIRE TIME.   He didn't seem apologetic in the least.

10 minutes later (40 minutes total) I had my name finally called and my food given to me.  At this point the cashier apologized and seemed sincere about it, and I sat down to eat.  My brain had been processing how I was going to write this scathing review and I almost was hoping the food would be mediocre or terrible just so I could write a 1-star review which is very rare for me.   Unfortunately (fortunately?) the food was delicious.  I really loved the sauce the chicken was marinated in, which was different than how I'm used to getting chicken kabobs from other restaurants.  Whether eaten alone or slathering it with one of the sauces provided the flavor was really outstanding.   The pita bread was hot and fresh (it better have been!) and I also enjoyed the rice that was served with the dish.

On food alone I probably would have started Kabob Korner with a 4 star review, but I have to dock it something for that insane wait I endured.  If the cashier/owner didn't seem so apologetic towards the end it would have resulted in a 2 star review due to the length of the wait, but I'm feeling somewhat generous today so I'll go with a 3.  

Side note, I talked to some fellow jurors a week later and they mentioned they had also visited Kabob Korner.  Unprovoked they immediately mentioned how long their wait was for their food.   I'm willing to bet it wasn't as long as mine, but based on that and some of the other reviews, seems as though it's a fairly common issue here.  Okay back to my mirror to work on my anger/WTF face.
