_LSwdNmiFSzRZQfG4g-qwA Walking in, it's apparent that 259 Host has a nice, clean, modern atmosphere.
However, we went for a Summerlicious lunch, which probably contributed to the busyness of the restaurant. There was no record of our online reservation and the head waiter/server (?) mumbled something under his breath about it, but thankfully, a party of four had just finished their lunch when we arrived, so we were seated promptly on the second level. And even though all but two, two-tops were occupied, each table and party had a fair amount of space, without worrying about neighboring tables and their conversations.

As for the food, I started with the nan stuffed with tandoori chicken tikka. I wasn't quite sure how this would turn out, as I tend to stick with regular nan or garlic nan. This nan had (minced?) bits of the chicken and was quite delicious. For my main course, I went with the tilapia fillet. I tend to order chicken or lamb entrees, so this was my first time getting fish at an indian restaurant. This was a nice and light alternative to the more heavy, filling chicken and lamb items I'm used to. The plating didn't do wonders for me though. The tilapia was placed on the edge of a massive plate, in a half-crescent shape. But I guess I needed the space for the rice and accompanying nan. Finally, for dessert, I tried the gulab jamun, which was described to us as a doughnut-like dessert drenched in a syrup. Me, being a sucker for doughnuts, had to give this a try. As much as I wanted to like it, there was too much syrup for my liking and was too sweet for me.

Overall, it was a fine experience for a $15 for a three-course $15 lunch with generous portions, despite the reservation snafu. I didn't leave with major itis, which is what I tend to feel after eating Indian, but this is because the portions were reasonable for lunch. It's hard to say if and when I'd be back. It's kind of snuck away on Wellington Street, but would be a nice alternative to the often-packed restaurants on King Street or for a pre-show dinner at the Princess of Wales Theatre.
