gJm6XxUQ7uHlrh8Y8fRiuw We found Kabob Korner (it's not on a corner:)  off of Nelson Q's very helpful review on a Tuesday night when we were looking for something spicy and interesting on Fremont street not in a hotel/casino or part of a chain. Unless you live in the neighborhood, you are not going in unless you have read Yelp or gotten a personal recommendation. Just do it, tastiest budget meal of the week, WITH leftovers.

NOT fancy at all as other's have mentioned. Order at a counter, and then have a seat at one of about 8 long rectangular tables and enjoy Bollywood TV until your food is delivered to your table. This is not fast food, so relax and enjoy a different end-of-Fremont street scene view past the fantastic neon street sculptures.
No alcohol on the menu, but sounded like on Friday & Saturday nights you can byob like every other street person in Vegas. 

They were out of the Chicken Marsala which hurt, but we went with their second recommendation of Chili Chicken and Chicken Shmarma. Both were good, we preferred the Chili Chicken the spice level was about a 3/5 and just what we requested. The Gyro also looked fabulous. The Chicken Shmarma was good but would probably have preferred the Chicken Marsala (next year) and a better choice might have been a veggie plate or veggie appetizer to offset two chicken dishes. Instead we ordered the Greek salad which was so big we ate off it the next couple nights as an appetizer with some Chicken Shmarma because we had of course ordered too much food.  LOTS of perfect basmati rice and there were two table seasonings the first I can only describe as whitish, seemed like a light yogurt with light spices that was delicious, and a red that was some kind of light cayenne/ketchup and not hot enuf and a little too sweet for us to add anything to our two chicken dishes. 

They do take credit cards and the service was helpful and quietly attentive.    
Our bill for 3 plates including a huge Greek salad was just under $27 as we had byow, brought our own water. The only two people in Vegas not drinking that night remedied as soon as we got back to our overpriced The Hotel with a $10 refill on one of those huge daiquiri bongs, ahhhhhhh.
