GJTQ0dgQ2BTkbRw2jLE0Fw Me and the wife were in the mood for something different... Indian food was something different for us so we Yelped something Indian and this spot popped up! 

So we entered and were greeted by the waitress, nice little place. I look around and the atmosphere is nice, theres a few families in there, some people at the bar, your usual nice atmosphere. We really wanted some authentic Indian food, and as far as I can tell, I think we found it. Because we had no experience with Authentic Indian food, I had to give it the "Authenticity Test"... here's the test... When you want to find out how authentic and ethnic restaurant is, you look at how ethnic its population is. This restaurant passed the test. It was very nice and refreshing to see the diversity in this place. We proceeded to look very lost and confused about their huge menu so I  asked the waitress for help because we were clueless to the lingo on the menu and she was really cool about it, she explained what everything was, and how you pair it... 

We began with the Samosas, a pastry filled with potato and green peas, with garbanzo beans on the side, served with three different chutnies, a green one, a red one, and then some pickled stuff there was ginger in there for sure, the Samosa was really good, but I gotta say the garbanzos were freakin delicious.... it was freakin' good, all of it! Then we ordered the Chicken Tikki Masala, with some rice and Naan... the whole thing was gone... 

I guess the best thing I can say is that this place from the sounds of it seems very authentic, the food is good, and the server was cool... the only thing that I felt awkward about was around 7:30 a belly dancer came out and I honestly didn't know what to do... I had my pregnant wife sitting next to me while this girl is doing her thing... didn't really know the etiquette, I reached for a dollar, then realized I was in the wrong place... then everybody else started to take out dollars... so then i got confused... it was a weird dynamic... didn't know where to look, like, if i looked did I look like a pervert, I mean there's families around!!! But at the same time I think I was supposed to! So from the looks of it... you give her a dollar, but then she'll stand you up and make you dance with her... take what you will from this... go there it was a cool experience.
