GMBvBDKgOT51xDTpGVphBw As the months have passed since our last visit to Bombay (which was only days after our first visit), I have to ask, "Why haven't we been back?"

The service at Bombay is really top-notch, and I generally find Indian restaurants to be reliable in their warm welcome and swift attention. Bombay exceeded my expectations.

We first visited because, holy moly, an Indian dinner buffet? Really? Game-changer!

Alas, that first glimpse of the dinner buffet almost sent me back out the door. Tomato soup? "Yellow curry?" Were they trying to court the tourist who might be more comfortable with the idea of "buffet" than "Indian"? When we peeked under the dishes (almost everything was covered), nothing looked very good, or much like what you see on other Indian buffets.

But, there we were, and parking was a dream (something that keeps me away from my former fave, Tamba), and the fun of going somewhere new is my own catnip. (Plus Indian restaurants always have that clean, cold water like nowhere else. Bombay is no exception. I've asked for their filtering secret, but waiters just smile and turn away... like girls in a Don McLean song.)

We settled into a big booth and peered at the decor. Hmm, former Chinese restaurant? (Seriously, does anyone know?) I kept staring at a photo mash-up of the Las Vegas Strip and India that suggested if you exit the Venetian just right, you'll step into the Taj Mahal.

We started with samosas. With samosas I want fragrance, slight crispiness, not too much dough, and a spicy filling. Bombay satisfied me with texture and taste plus two fresh-tasting chutneys (mint and tamarind), although I could've done with a bit more fragrance. (I say that about everyone except Kamal Palace in Long Beach. They ruined me!)

On our second visit we also had paneer pakora. Fine, not too dry, fun to try once.

The list of vegetarian dishes was commendable, but I didn't see my favourite: shahi paneer. I lurve shahi paneer so much that I'm thinking of a name change. (Hey, it would only be one consonant, and it might help people finally pronounce my name right.) 

Indian foodies in the West seem to tend toward healthly eating, so I know this is so uncouth to admit, but I just adore-adore-adore a creamy sauce. Shahi paneer, aka royal paneer, is aptly named in this category.

It's not fair to dock a restaurant because they don't carry one dish. Then I'd be no better than those little kids who will only eat chicken nuggets. But, as almost every other Indian place in town (that I like) has shahi paneer, including the little place in the Riviera food court, this wasn't boding well for repeat visits. I like new things, but I also like what I like.

As long as I'm making confessions, I'm only really happy with an Indian main course if it has paneer in it. I know, I know, that's as terrible as admitting my love of shahi and makhani sauces. Don't misunderstand me, I squeal over aloo and pakora and kofta for sure, but paneer... cheese... that bar is set. Someone open a Wisconsin-Indian fusion restaurant and I will be complete.

Paneer dishes at Bombay include palak paneer (alas, the only Indian food I dislike - that's right, I hate cooked spinach - worst poster child for vegetarianism ever, I know), mutter paneer (nice, but can be bland with an overbearing amount of peas), and paneer tikka masala. I went with the last option. 

The paneer tikka masala was solid fare, as was the naan (plain and garlic) and rice, although the wording on the menu is a bit unclear over what's included. On each visit, we ended up paying separately for both naan and rice despite the words "Served hot to eat with bread or rice" above the list of dishes, which would imply that one is included. This is followed by the somewhat contradictory "Add $2.00 to make entrees combo served with one Naan/ half rice order." We asked, but I have to admit that I'm not sure what the server said, other than it sounded like this wasn't available. Hrm.

Overall, it comes back to the word "solid." Not "transportive" nor "breathtaking," but also not "iffy" or "meh." Prices run a little high compared to other area Indian restaurants (Gaylord and Origin excepted) but are right on the mark if not reasonable for the Strip location. To answer my own question, I think we haven't gone back just because there are other places where I can get exactly what I want. But, with the closures of Kohinoor and Saffron - Flavors of India (not to be confused with the Eastside place), Bombay - a "solid" 3.5 for me - gets bumped to four stars. 

Or: 2-star buffet, 3.5-star taste, 4-star menu variety and ambience, and 5-star service and location/parking.
