_LSwdNmiFSzRZQfG4g-qwA So the bf and I have been trying to look for a new Indian restaurant to try out and went with this one. Their summerlicious menu looked pretty good, and after double checking with online reviews - which gave it an average of 4 stars and browsing their menu posted online, we decided to check this place out. 


The ambience - lighting, furniture, decorations, fengshui crap was actually pretty commendable, worth 4 stars on its own. But everything went downhill after we first ordered..


Our appetizers: the cheese croquettes and samosas were very average. They tried to beef up the samosas a bit by adding avocado and whatnot, but it turned out bland in taste and not too appealing. I've had better samosas for 5/$1 from Samosa King. The cheese croquettes were 4 pieces of fried dough with a tiny ball of cheese inside with some kind of ineffective sauce drizzled on top. Not even comparable to the common cheese sticks you get in sports bars. Honestly, I expected better from 4 star restaurants with $9 appetizers. 


Oh, and while clearing our appetizers, the waiter said that he hoped we enjoyed our desserts. At the time we weren't sure to blame it on inattentiveness, sloppiness, or just a slight lack of professionalism, but either way, it definitely didn't impress.


On to the main courses: I got the sea bass and he got the beef tenderloin in curry. My fish dish was slightly overcooked and bland. Had to ask for salt, which is really something that shouldn't have happened. His beef tenderloin was basically a loaf of meat in curry sauce. There was literally nothing else on that plate - no veggies, no visible herbs, nothing to suggest that the chef took the time out to put effort into the food. 


Another point of contention was the saffron rice and the parantha. I've had saffron rice before in numerous other restaurants and at home too. But the saffron rice that was given to us was literally nothing more than a bowl of bleached white rice with a bit of saffron sauce. Why the hell did I just pay $5.50 for a bowl of plain white rice with a dash of saffron when I can get much much more else for the same price. And the parantha.. When I asked our waiter what a parantha is, which I'm sure if not an uncommon question, he couldn't give me a straight answer and resorted to telling me that it's really good and I really should try it. I assumed that he had a working knowledge of the foods his workplace served so I agreed to try it. Guess what parantha turned out to be. Naan - simple plain naan. No garlic, no herbs, no spices, no extra dipping sauce. Simple plain 3 pieces of naan. 


All in all, we paid about $165 for a bottle of wine, 2 appetizers, 2 mains, 2 bowls of fake saffron rice, and an order of plain naan. I would not have had any issues if the food had lived up to the 4 star standard that online reviews had led me to expect. The food was unexpectedly bland across the board, which implies that either they weren't dedicated to serving authentic Indian cuisine, or at least that they don't cater to people who appreciate authentic Indian cuisine - anyone who's had real Indian food and enjoys it probably wouldn't have a great experience here. 


Lastly, their online menu does not reflect their actual in-restaurant menu. The sea bass I ordered doesn't appear in the online menu, and much of the food we ordered were actually priced more in the restaurant menu than the online version. These discrepancies can be explained by a failure to appropriately update their online site, and that just shows a lack of professionalism in keeping potential dining patrons properly informed. Would not recommend to (Indian) food lovers.
