GR3AESDGAXnhz1IHpSu0Cw I walked by this place for many years before trying it because it seemed like a hole in the wall and I could never tell what the hours of operation were.  The atmosphere may not win you over due to its dim basement location, but trust me, the food definitely will get your attention and keep you coming back.

I do not often eat Indian food (due to lack of exposure to good places and too many buffet experiences), so I am no expert.  However, I quite enjoy the food here.  The naan is crispy and chewy, great accompaniment to the curries, which are appropriately thick and flavourful (they can do mild if you can't do spicy).  The prawn pakora is crispy and perfectly paired with the mint chutney sauce that tastes amazing.  The chicken tikka is moist without being mushy and goes great with the yoghurt sauce.  I have tried the following mains (not all in one sitting): lamb vindaloo, madras fish curry, fish masala, prawns goa curry, lamb rogan josh, butter chicken, chicken masala and chicken tikka.  All tasted good, hearty and delicious.  Dessert-wise, I have tried the ras malai and the gulab jamun; both had balanced flavours without over sweetness.

If you order the main items during lunch, the dishes come with a salad or you can substitute for naan.  However, salad/naan is not included with the dinner items, you will have to order those separately.  This place is a good deal for Summer/Winterlicious.

My main problem with this place is that the business hours seem to change without any sort of reliable schedule (e.g. summer/winter hours?).  Their menu states they are open Mon-Fri for lunch 11:30am-5pm and then dinner on Mon-Sat 5pm-10pm.  However, when I called them on a Sat night to order takeout, their voicemail greeting said they are not open for dinner on Fri, Sat or Sun.  I don't know if it is due to summer hours because the last time I called and got the voicemail greeting, they followed the menu hours.  I wish they had a more obvious schedule so I won't be disappointed when I crave their food only to discover they are closed.  Definitely call ahead to see if they are open before going.
