grzKamxEuXTZrTkiztLQGg "Would you like a coma with that lamprais? "
"Why yes, yes please! "

WARNING: LAMPRAIS IS NOT FOR THE FAINT HEARTED NON LOVING SPICY FOODSTERS. THIS DISH REQUIRES A PARTNER TO DEBATE WITH ON WHO GETS TO EAT THE EGG! Ofcourse I did!

Not quite sure who could possibly execute the banana leaf dish like my Filipino people but BABU sure did fire up the 'next level' to the next.

If you're not familiar with what I'm talking about, back home we have a way to feast on local delicacies laid out on a long stretch of banana leaves for 'plates', and use hands instead of utensils. 

Yeah yeah gross, yuck whatever!! You get a spot on the damn leaf, don't stray double dipping in someone else's territory and your cooties remains yours and yours only! 

We call it 'kamayan' (eating with hands) and it's taken TORONTO by storm as it became popular  recently during birthdays and get-togethers. 
Even Filipino restaurants cater to this kamayan themed events for everyone to experience getting in touch with their inner caveman. HINT HINT: resto Lamesa delivers the experience in fine dining style.

BABU had their  'TO-GO'  version with a choice of chicken, beef or veggie with 5 sides of your choice (hardest decisions ever made on a Monday 11am might I add). 

Comes with 1 hard boiled egg, choice of white or brown rice with the baddest sauce and spices combined wrapped in the glorious banana leaf, heated and then wrapped to go. BOOM!!

You insult the GODS OF LAMPRAIS if you dare eat with the fork but hubby and I had no choice. We suffered from a mild coma as we indulged in every bite while the car windows fogged up, even my portion control awareness was impaired and FOGGED UP because of all the different flavours!!!

We probably looked like a pair of famished savages ripping the chicken masala apart amidst the pickled eggplant dish, lentils, dried/fried anchovies, cabbage dish, potatoes, zucchini and chickpeas!!!

$9 for all this and we still had leftovers!! 

I see a repeat in the near future!

ISTUTIY BABU!!!!
