gTlDDzDEHyDQ6iwjNhpI6A I LOVE LOVE LOVE this restaurant! My husband and I took my parents here and it was all of our's first time. We decided to come for their buffet hour and we enjoyed almost everything they had to offer! We didn't touch any of their desert so I can't speak for it. I am a pescatarian and even so, I try to eat as little fish/seafood as I can so it is pretty hard for me to find a place where I can get a balanced and delicious meal. But his place has a whole steam table of vegetarian options for me! When I first tasted Malai Kofta at Angara Indian Spice (which is actually closer to me) I said to myself, I think Indian food might just become my favorite food. That it might just beat, Filipino, Thai, Sushi -hands down! Since I wasn't familiar with Indian food and was quite afraid to gamble on ordering something I have never heard of or didnt like how it looked, I didn't get a chance to explore more of the Indian cuisine until one of my good friend told me about Mount Everest. The price for their buffet is unbeatable for the amount of option they had to offer. Now I can say I have tried just a good amount of Indian Cuisine to make me fall in love with it and confirm it is my favorite food! I'm still working on memorizing the dishes' names. Malai Kofta and the green/spinach tofu thing (Saag Paneer?) are my favorite! ahhh I'm craving it again! Lol we had been coming here every other weekend. My husband and I would love to come every week but we are trying to avoid eating too much rice. So we have to sacrifice and wait and go every other week. Tomorrow for sure well go back. ^_^ .\/.

The last time we were here the other week, the naan bread were on the steam table. Im not trying to be picky but I liked it better when they bring them out fresh when you first arrive to your table. But their always busy so I can understand why they just left it on the steam table. The texture is consistent unlike when its on the steam table. The place seems to be an old fast food joint. But its clean. Their service is ok. It not bad its just ok. But who cares their food is amazing!
