gTlDDzDEHyDQ6iwjNhpI6A We decided to try this place based on it's pretty consistent Yelp reviews, and we're glad we did. A few reviewers have mentioned the sketchy surroundings, but I say if you can throw some carpet, a few tablecloths, and the drapes from an old bordello into a defunct Burger King and come up with a perfectly comfortable dining room, more power to ya! 
I have loved Indian food since I first discovered it during a brief sojourn in London, when it seemed that the only options were steak and kidney pie or starving to death. (I chose the latter. Valar Morghulis)! Anyway, as a person who considers curry to be more of a drug than a food, I'm usually prepared to like what I get in Indian restaurants, which is a little meat floating in a sea of delicious sauce which you happily sop up with some fluffy, toasty naan, and fill up on the rice.(I'm getting hungry again just thinking about it). The difference here was that there was plenty of tender, juicy meat in that sauce; apparently a side benefit of keeping the rent low. Hope they don't get too big for their britches and move to Summerlin. Goodbye, meat! 
I adore Chicken Korma and theirs was perfect; rich creamy sauce with just a little sweetness and those complex, spicy undertones that keep you coming back for more bites long after you're full. Chicken Tikka and tandoori were both served sizzling and still moist and juicy. The favorite appetizer, in a unanimous vote, was the lamb samosas. They were golden little pockets of pastry stuffed with seasoned, finely ground lamb, but the best thing was what wasn't there: My sister didn't find a hard thing. Mind you, if there is ground meat involved, be it burgers, sausage, meatballs, whatever, she ALWAYS gets the hard thing, and the rest of us have to suffer along with her. It's one of life's little miracles that she didn't, and practically worth a sixth star.
Will definitely return to try the lunch buffet, but don't be surprised if they raise the price after our visit.
