_qQYIW24-8nWwjg9-uL0LQ I have been to many Indian restaurants, and have had the privilege of enjoying authentic Indian cuisine many times in my life. I stumbled across The Flavours online when searching for top rated Indian restaurants in the GTA, so I decided to check them out rather than my usual go-to Indian places in the Brampton area on a Saturday night for dinner.

They share a large parking lot with a strip mall and a banquet hall, so on a Saturday night it was fairly busy, but still easy to access and find spots. The interior was very spacious, clean and modern looking with an open concept which is far different than the usual restaurants. There were only 3 or 4 other tables occupied when I arrived.

Being a Canadian born Italian, I get a variety of reactions when I enter authentic Indian restaurants. The staff member who greeted us was very polite and asked us if we needed help with the menu, which was a nice gesture considering we obviously were not culturally experienced. I declined and dug right into the choices.

They have a fair sized 6-7 page menu, counting drinks and all the before-and-after meal options. I immediately looked for some of the staple Indian dishes, as my company on this evening wasn't too familiar with Indian cuisine. So we got the Butter Chicken and Channa Masala, and I ordered the Palak Chicken for myself with Garlic Naan. We asked about the portion sizes, and was given an accurate sizing description. Typically I am used to over-sized portions and plenty of leftovers, so I wanted to ensure we weren't ordering enough food for an army. The waitress took our order on an iPad and let us know it would be 15-20 minutes to prepare.

The Channa Masala was excellent. Bang-on authentic and good to the last drop.

The Palak Chicken was also great. I was pleasantly surprised as this is a dish that varies in taste depending on where you get it.

The Garlic Naan was fresh and perfectly prepared.

The Butter Chicken was surprisingly disappointing. The chicken itself was cooked to my satisfaction, but something about the sauce was off. It tasted sweeter than I have experienced anywhere else, however my friend who was trying it for the first time loved it. However it was edible, although I greatly preferred the other items we had to choose from.

We left a small amount of Butter Chicken but finished the other dishes. We were asked if we wanted it to go, and declined, which got a shocked reaction from the staff. But once our dishes were cleared, we stayed and chatted for about 30 minutes and were constantly being brought water refills and asked if we wanted anything else.

The bill came out to $42 for two people and 4 items off the menu. We left highly satisfied, and I would definitely return to try some of the other dishes (as well as a reorder of the Channa, which was just perfect!)
