gTlDDzDEHyDQ6iwjNhpI6A Would you care to feed a small army?  Does your army enjoy delicious Indian-spiced foods?   Then bring them down to Mount Everest!

I don't know why, but my husband and I always order our "staples" when we go to an Indian restaurant and we can be pretty particular about them.  Things were no different here.  Our staples are: Saag Paneer (called Palak Paneer here), Vegetable Korma, Mango Lassi, and Garlic Naan.  Because we had a restaurant.com coupon, we were also able to order Paneer Tiki Masala and Vegetable Samosas.

Normally at other Indian restaurants this would be a ton of food for us which (sadly) we can finish if we are hungry enough (but we are giant pigs).  Mount Everest takes the cake for largest serving sizes in the valley.  We had two boxes of leftovers!  You are definitely getting your money's worth here.

Not only are the portions huge, but this is some of the best Indian food I've had.  They have given my beloved Mint a run for their money.  The Paneer Tiki Masala had great flavor and lots of paneer.  Plus the paneer was fantastic- it was denser than most paneer and had a very mild flavor.  I could be wrong, but it seemed like it was made fresh.  The Vegetable Korma was mildly spiced (in a good way) and was loaded with a large variety of fresh vegetables.  The Saag Paneer was a little different than what I'm used to, but I still enjoyed it.  It was a little milder, had a lot of cream, and the spinach was well-blended.  All these dishes we ordered medium, but they were pretty mild on the spice.  I think we could have could have ordered spicier and been ok.

The free Papadums were good and I enjoyed the mint and tamarind sauces.  The mango lassi, while having a very interesting intense orange color I'm not used to, was very good as well.  The vegetable samosas were gigantic but a little bit on the greasy side.  The garlic naan had every inch covered in garlic (hooray!) but seemed a little uncooked in the middle.  

The service was very friendly but a little slow at times, especially when the place began to fill up.  The building may be a little iffy on the outside (what is that, an old Pizza Hut?) it was very nice on the inside and very clean.  Plus they play Bollywood movies!

Oh, and did I mention that they gave us an extra giant order of rice for all our leftovers?  For free?

Overall, this is a great place to enjoy some delicious Indian food.  Just be prepared to take some home!
