gVrVevX_rjgY2uTJaKSStA 5 STARS!! Samosa Hut nailed it. I noticed a non-stop rush of customers coming in while I was there.

The restaurant is small as it is mostly meant for take-out and catering. However they do have a small table facing the entire side with the windows.

The food is displayed very nicely and organized. One section is the curries with the vegetarian options placed together, then the meat options. The other side is fried food items like samosas and rolls. There are clear and coloured name tags for each food item so you won't be confused. There are also the spicy levels (light orange, orange and red - for the least spicy to spiciest) under the food name.

You order your choice of food, and then pay at the end. Upon arriving at the outside of the restaurant, I saw 3 large posters of specials: Omnivore Combos, Carnivore Combos, and Vegan Combos. The names were very cute and drew my attention to the posters. These posters were also on the inside of the restaurant as well. The prices were very reasonable as you can get a rice combo for as low as $4.99 for lunch. We opted for the 1 meat + 1 veggie + basmati rice for $5.99 and the 4 veggie + basmati rice combo for $6.99.  

For the meat, we tried the spicy deviled chicken (very hot), and the veggie options we tried the sweet eggplant, sweet and spicy mango curry, spicy tomato and potato curry, and the Channa Masala (chickpeas). Warning to people who can't eat spicy not to order the spicy deviled chicken. It is VERY spicy but the flavour is good. The mango curry is tasty if you're going for something tangy. The spicy tomato and potato curry was okay. I found that the flavour was very interesting. The sweet eggplant and the Channa Masala were my favourite. The eggplant was sweet, as the name says, and the chickpeas were soft. 

I also ordered the butter chicken samosas (since it's their specialty) and the lamb samosas. As well as the fish roll. The samosas were very delicious and had a lot of filling inside. For the fish rolls, it was filled with potato and you can taste the fish flakiness so you know it's good stuff. 

Let me start off by saying that the portions were VERY generous. The staff in charge of scooping the food was friendly and gave thorough suggestions when I asked for his recommendation. I tried the Channa Masala (chickpeas) that he recommended and I did not regret it. it was amazingly delicious! 

I do have to say that most of their foods are mild/spicy so be prepared. I will be back and definitely recommend this place to anyone unsure of what to eat when they're in the Ajax area!
