gw0ZS5b5RP3Lzr1BoCbALg Came here for lunch on a snowy New Year's Eve Monday. My sweetheart discovered this place through a local Yelp event and suggested I give it a shot. A regular patron of another traditional, homestyle Indian restaurant down in Georgia, I thought I should try out the buffet-style Indian meal for lunch that is prevalent with many of these food establishments. The decor was simple yet elegant. The place was dead; somebody ran to the back to grab the hostess to have my family seated and so there was this odd moment of waiting. However the water was brought out immediately, and I ordered a sweet lassi drink. It was rather delicious; cold, creamy, and not full of ice.

I had to try everything. Mind you, I went back to the buffet line twice after just to make sure what I grabbed wasn't a bad batch or to verify that the food was indeed that good. Mixed results. All the food being served was uncovered, so the heat retention wasn't there and the Sterno cans could not maintain proper heat distribution. Scary thought of food-borne illness. I dove in anyway; trying to get the pieces closer to the bottom of the pan whilst crossing my fingers.

The basmati rice was great and I grabbed small portions of each entree to sample and stir up the taste buds. Lets narrow down to what I like and didn't like. Here are my personal downs: the salad was slightly browning and the cucumbers were sliced rather thick than I would have preferred, nor did the raita yoghurt dressing helped much with flavor in a bland salad. The daal makahni (black lentils with herbs and spices) I couldn't care for much, though others may find it to their liking. I can't remember how the aloo saag (spinach and potatoes) tasted, but it's another one of those dishes I can pass on since the mushy texture of spinach didn't jibe with my appetite.

The naan flatbread was a little more than crispy for me, however the tender baked portions were just fantastic! I fancied the onion pakora (onion fritters), chana masala (garbanzo beans with herbs and spices), navaratan korma (mixed vegetables in a cheesy cream sauce), chicken chilli (sautéed chicken with onions, bell peppers, and tomatoes)... not a fan of spicy foods, but this didn't make me break a sweat and was one of my favorite dishes, malai wings - I want the recipe for this, mint chutney(!), and tamarind chutney(!). The chutneys were not overbearing in flavor and I couldn't help but to swipe the tasty wings in them with every bite. Had a small helping of the gulab jamun (milk balls in sugar syrup) which tasted like doughnut holes bathed in diabetes. The kheer was a delightful sweet rice pudding to end the meal with.

Cheap eats, great variety of food, local, ambient music, clean interior. The basement bathroom could use a little spiffying and it ran ice cold water. Service was excellent, and as it should be since there were only two other tables by the time we finished our meal. I will have to come back for dinner next time when I'm back in town. Oh, and that gentleman in the back corner staring at my table: please don't; it is rude and downright creepy. Would I come back? Yes.
