gw0ZS5b5RP3Lzr1BoCbALg Just tried their $8.99 lunch buffet, and it was great. Also surprisingly cheap! A nice selection, with all but two items being vegetarian. I went late in the lunch hour and the food wasn't the freshest by then, but still very good. Nice casual atmosphere too, and friendly service. I'll be back!

As best I can recall, they had in the lunch buffet (on a Monday):

Naan (brought in a basket, and not stale as can happen when places keep it on the buffet)
Pakoras
Rice with cilantro... lots of cilantto!
Dahl (various beans, not just dahl)
Palak paneer
Chana masala
A potato dish
Two chicken dishes
Two desserts (including warm gulab jamun, my favorite)
Raita, tamarind, and mint chutney (the mint chutney was unusual to me--kind of yellow but good)
Salad
Crunchy bread squares (don't know the name) for the salad
(No pickle or hot chutney that I noticed--which would have been nice to have in the buffet)

It looked like they had some interesting drinks, lassees etc.--I'll try those next time.

I do have one quibble: the rest rooms. Reasonably clean at least, but to be avoided at all costs! They are down in the basement (no wheelchair access I guess) and very dark and cramped. Remember the basement in the Blair Witch Project? So, you know what I'm talking about. The lone toilet stall is so tiny (and with no coat hooks) that you pretty much have to stand on the toilet to get the door closed. And then you can't see a thing because almost no light gets into the stall. The toilet paper is on a weird stick that falls on the floor and lands in... whatever it is that ends up on mens' room floors next to a toilet. So do yourself a favor, don't use the toilet paper. All of which might be tolerable except the light is on a very short timer, with a sensor that doesn't reach into the stall. So you WILL be left in the dark. And no gesture or flailing above/below the divider will trigger the light. So you've got to try to get yourself out of this micro-stall completely blind. A job for Houdini.

I'm not docking a star, because I avoid all restaurant bathrooms anyway, and I'm really more interested in the incoming food, not the outgoing. (Maybe they'll upgrade the rest room, if the staff gets tired of the total darkness in there.)

So enjoy the food, but hold it 'til you get home!
