GyHJAwBQ58L3ORBLm0G-hg I have never given a 5 star rating to an Indian restaurant so far in Arizona and that's saying something already about this place. This place is new and its evident that they are trying extra hard to get brownie points, which isnt necessarily bad ofc and I guess its working :). I just hope it remains this way :) for a while to come. 

It is a north Indian food place, atleast as was evident from the dinner buffer we had. 

The place is located quite close to the other good Indian place, Kabab palace and is in direct competition with it and I already heard many people say its better than that because food is a tag tastier and a tag cheaper. So finally I decided to go to this place with my gf and friends. We were super-duper hungry and starving, so all of us decided to get the buffets. We went on a wed night. 

They had lotsa options in the buffet for both vegetarians and meat lovers. They had veggie pakora as the only appetizer, which was kinda dampening, bcs generally buffets carry more than one appetizer. It's not a biggie since it made me eat all the main entrees for once. Just thinking about it makes my mouth water now. 

They were very prompt in bringing garlic nans to the table. and the best or interesting part is they bought sizzling tandoori chicken to the table too (check the pics), they said they do that for dinner buffets. They topped it off with a couple of deserts- gulab jamoon which was meh and rice pudding. They had some fruits and salads, but i conveniently ignored them, as you should at an Indian buffet place.

The first thing that came to my mind when I eat the food was its as delicious as any Indian food that I have ever eaten in AZ. The ambiance of the place is ok, the people seemed nice and prompt and the price was well I will let you decide that, the wed night buffet was $12. When people told me it was cheap, I was expecting cheaper than $12 but I am not complaining (it is cheaper than Kabab palace). I just wish the place remains true as it is now and hope nothing really changes. Maybe one of these days I will go and try a la carte too to get another perspective, but yeah I am already recommending this place and am ready to go again soon.
