h1fOnj8ofEmKM7U9JdCcGw Food: Prince of India has an expansive menu consisting of everything you would expect from an Indian restaurant, and they also appear to have a buffet. We didn't order the buffet, so I can't comment about what is on it or when it is offered beyond confirming that a buffet option does exist. There are many meat and seafood options, and there is a menu page devoted exclusively to vegetarian items, one of the biggest vegetarian selections among Pittsburgh Indian restaurants that I've seen. We started with the Dall (lentil) soup, which was steaming hot and loaded with lentils and flavor. We also ordered the garlic naan, which was just as good as any other naan we've had in the city. For an appetizer, we tried the Samosa Chat which are samosas smothered in chick peas, tomatoes and sauce. There weren't many samosas (maybe 2 small ones), but there was an abundance of chick peas, and the sauce covering them was the best part of the entire dinner. The lead-up to our entrees was impressive, but we were slightly disappointed by the main courses. We ordered the Baingen Aloo, which was surprisingly bland and had little to no flavor or spice. We also ordered the Vegetable Mango Curry, which had considerably more flavor, but wasn't anything special. Entrees are ordered on a spiciness scale of 1-10, and the 7 I ordered was accurate; very spicy but not overwhelming. Overall, nothing we tried was bad, although the entrees left something to be desired after the excellent soup and appetizer.

Price: Prices are very reasonable, particularly the entrees. The most expensive vegetarian entree was $10.99, and the majority were cheaper. The portion sizes are smaller than most Indian restaurants, but there is more than enough to eat your fill and likely bring some home. The soup was huge for only $2.99, and the appetizer, which was $4.99, was probably bigger than either entree.

Drinks: There is a full bar and multiple beer selections, which is different than most of Pittsburgh's Indian restaurants, and definitely as asset. We ordered bottles of Taj Mahal, which we hadn't tasted before, and were surprised by how good it was. The menu also includes typical Indian non-alcoholic drinks like mango lassi and chai tea.

Atmosphere: The dining room is large with tables for parties of all sizes. There was a group of 20+ sitting down the center of the room, so they can accommodate very large groups. The location directly on Fifth Avenue in Oakland makes parking tricky, particularly on weekend evenings. Overall, the atmosphere and decor are comfortable and casual.  

Service: Our waiter was very attentive, filling our water glass almost obsessively. He spoke English, but not excellent, and struggled to answer some of our questions about the menu. Our soup and appetizers came together, which we didn't consider ideal, and our entrees were out before we had finished any of the earlier courses. But we definitely didn't have to wait for anything, including the bill.

(+): fair prices, good food, good service

(-): although nothing was particularly wrong, nothing was spectacular

Would I go back again? Probably for lunch to get the soup and appetizer again, or, if giving dinner a second chance, I would try a more standard Indian entree like Chana Masala.
