h1fOnj8ofEmKM7U9JdCcGw I've been to the buffet a few times and the food is all right. Their rice on the buffet ends up really dry. It could be just cooked wrong, or else it's been on the buffet way too long. It's a smaller buffet, so options are limited. It's not the best Indian buffet in the area, but it's really cheap and close to Pitt and UPMC, so it's convenient, and they have a discount with ID. It's always really dim there though, and the booths are not very comfortable, a lot of the seats sink in awkwardly. I've never seen is crowded, so it seems the general consensus is that it's not great. The staff is sometimes on the phone making personal calls when you're trying to pay, which is frustrating.

We ordered delivery from there through Grubhub last night at 7:40pm. The food was supposed to arrive around 9:00. We called them, and they said they never got the fax from Grubhub, but then conveniently received it when on the phone with us. They said they'd send the food out. We called again around 10 since the food hadn't arrived still, but they were closed so nobody answered. Then we had to call Grubhub, who said the problem was not on their end and that the fax was received. They talked to the delivery person who said that he was on the way. Finally 5 minutes later the food came, but the delivery guy said he couldn't get up the hill because of snow and asked us to come down. When we brought the food in, the one thing was wrong, which meant our vegetarian friend didn't even have anything she could eat. 

The rice in our order was super dry, almost crunchy, like they just packaged up whatever was left on the buffet. The naan was good. I liked my saag. I tried someone else's chicken vindaloo and it was good, but not spicy at all. 

I'm not sure what actually happened with the fax, but it's really convenient that they got the fax exactly when we were on the phone with them. The order was messed up with no way to fix it so late at night, so one person didn't even get to eat.
