h1MxTLZ1b2FkU6ituL1yHA Perhaps one would consider me 'spoiled,' 'high maintenance,' or 'snobby' in regards to my standards for good food (and possibly in regards to several other personal attributes, but that's besides the point..). Having lived in Boston for many years, a city with greater ethnic diversity than Phoenix, I became accustomed to delicious and authentic Indian food. I had my pick from a number of excellent choices in Somerville, Cambridge, Brighton, South End, and the Back Bay..but here in Phoenix, the pickings are slim. 

But good news! I have found my spot for Indian food in the Valley - Royal Taj. It is located in a shopping plaza in a shady-ish area of Tempe, but don't let that deter you from savoring the delicious flavors of India. The restaurant is a true family affair. If you've ever had the pleasure of knowing Indian parents, you'll just love the owners. Service is fast and friendly, and the atmosphere is homey. You'll hear the main proprietor calling out your order across the room to the kitchen, and soon enough, you'll have amazing food on your table.

Their menu is excellent, with a wide array of naan, tandoori, masala, curries, biryani, and saag. I thought their mango lassi was excellent - not too thick, not too thin, and bursting the sweet taste of mango. For dinner, they start you with these spiced crisps and dipping sauces, which surprisingly did an excellent job of whetting my appetite. The garlic naan was very good - I ate the entire order on my own! We ordered tandoori chicken and kahari chicken. The tandoori chicken arrived on a sizzling dish and was just beautiful. I thought its flavors were great and the half-serving was more than enough for one person. The karahi chicken was delicious and had just the right spicy kick. The basmati rice was aromatic, plentiful, and perfectly done. After dinner, they serve gulab jamun - sweet, sticky fried dough-like balls. Yum! Even my leftovers were amazing two days later! Next time I'll definitely try a masala, and maybe come in for the lunch buffet. 

I still miss the diversity and options that Boston presents, but I have to say I am very happy to have found a really great place here in Tempe. Royal Taj is just what I was looking for.
