h2cPIifmtPD029q4sthRSQ this should actually be 3.5 stars. a large group of us came here for dinner. As someone who has been eating Indian food my entire life, I've been to many many Indian restaurants.  

Resto: It's a smaller venue but still comfortable. There are benches along the wall towards the back. It looks modern and clean inside. The buffet is in the middle of the restaurant which can get a bit crammed if you are walking from the front to the back, passing the buffet line. This is the only reason i would deduct any stars. The washrooms are individual bathrooms. It looks like they are making a patio out front for the summer which would be nice. 

Service: wonderful! We were a big group with a newborn baby. They were more than accommodating to us when even more ppl showed up. They moved their freezer out of the way so that we would have enough space. Our waters were always refilled and the manager came by several times to make sure we were happy. He was very friendly and explained to us the different curries they make, how he uses red wine in one of them, and invited us back. The new mom was a bit hot and they just turned the fan on above the table which cooled us right down. 

Food: The buffet was a good spread, served hot, and a great combination of food to satisfy everyone at the table. The rice is served warm in a rice cooker which is nice. The naan was served in baskets and was very warm. 
i took off a half star  here b/c: the rice didn't have peas (i love rice and peas with curry), the garlic naan didn't have chunks of garlic (more like a garlic oil, versus paste - again the paste is my preference) and the curries weren't spicy to me at all. I can understand why they didn't make the curry spicy, but to me curry is slightly spicy with some heat. However that being said, the curry was very palatable to everyone at the table and suited everyone's tastes. everyone loved their meals and we left stuffed. So if you are going to venture out and try indian food that's flavourful but are scared about how spicy it could be,  this is a very good suggestion in the area. 
They also serve Tusker beer which balanced out the food perfectly. I remember having this beer when i was in Kenya, and it pairs very well with curry.
The buffet included (but not limited to) goat curry, butter chicken, tandoori chicken, chickpea curry, somosas, paneer,  chicken curry, cucumber salad, raita, papadums, etc ect. honestly too many things for me to recall. it also comes with 4 basic flavours of ice-cream. 

I took a take out menu and will likely return for lunch in a few weeks. If you are in the area this is a great choice for Indian food. i didn't try their Lassi which is somewhat of a sin for me to have indian food without a lassi, but i will try it next time. They have mango kulfi on the menu as well but i didn't try it this time.
