H4YK4AK3TimOFmv9GtqPGQ I ordered lunch here for pick-up this past week, so this review is admittedly purely based on the food. My impression upon picking up the food was that the place was clean, comfortable and spacious - but it's hard to judge that when you're ducking in and out of a place super quickly.

So, I got a LOT of food for about $17. I had ordered malai kofta and samosas; the malai kofta was served in two containers - one with the rice, one with the sauce and cheese balls - while the samosas came in a separate container. I couldn't even eat all of the rice with the malai kofta. And the enormous samosas more or less resembled giant dumplings - one went in the fridge after lunch for another day. The portions here definitely did not disappoint!

The rice by itself, however, was admittedly slightly disappointing. It was just too dry and tasteless - not worth eating without being drenched in sauce. With my entree's sauce, however, my taste buds perked up immediately, as the malai kofta was perfect. On GrubHub this dish is listed as, "Homemade cheese stuffed in vegetable balls cooked in a creamy and mildly spiced sauce." The sauce is definitely not tomato based, which is the traditional sauce listed with malai kofta - but that was just fine with me. As it was I found the dish to be creamy, hot, fresh, and tasty.

As for the samosas, I was surprised to find they were fairly spicy. Rather, parts of them were; I ate half of one with no problem but found that my mouth was suddenly on fire about three bites away from finishing it. I can only assume some sort of seasoning and spice was unevenly mixed into the batch as it was being made. I think had it been distributed in smaller amounts throughout the whole thing, that heat would have gone well with the rest of my samosa.

I admittedly will probably not order the samosas again, as they weren't my favorite take on this classic dish, but the malai kofta was 100% delicious, and they did prepare the food promptly and quickly. I would pick up here again - perhaps even dine in, if work quiets down enough for me to. 3.5 star rating from this diner.
