HFvcnBSVPk66HUAaVKaK8A Been here twice - the first time about 7 years ago - and I can report that at least they're consistent: somewhat decent Indian food for the price, nothing extraordinary, and good flavors offset by widespread overcooking.

Right off the bat I will take issue with their overcooking.  For example they burnt both pieces of garlic naan ($3/piece) we ordered.  You can imagine what burnt pieces of garlic taste like in bread!  Also, my Tandoor Mix Grill ($18.00) was delicious except everything, including the wonderfully large shrimp, was beyond well-done.  I tried rescuing them as soon as they arrived at the table, sizzling away on the 500+ degree plate, but alas... they were already DOA!  The tandoori chicken on the same plate - dry, should've been juicy.

The Assorted Platter ($11.00) we started off with was decently-sized to share (although only 1 samosa) and tasted good.  My wife's Malbari Vindaloo (lamb w/ potatoes, $15.00) was tender, although (again) slightly overcooked.  She ordered a spicy level "3 out of 5" and said the heat level was just right, right at the limit of getting too hot for her.

At dessert time, they ran out of Ras Malai.  *Pout* since I was really looking forward to it!  So I settled for their Rice Pudding ($4.00) and the wife had their Kulfi (pistachio ice cream, $5.00) - no complaints there.

Our server was very friendly and understood the menu. 

We noticed a popular attraction was the vegetarian buffet.  Several of the tables were partaking in it.

The decor, wobbly tables, and worn carpet doesn't detract from the obviousnesss of the restaurant's first floor office building location.

By the way, don't think that I'm unable to give an Indian restaurant 5-stars (see my review of Flavor of India)!  Unfortunately that 5-star Indian experience is about 800-miles away (both literally and figuratively!)...

Total price for our dinner for two: $66.90 (before tip). 

So bottom line: would we go again?  Meh... middle of the road on that one...
