HFvcnBSVPk66HUAaVKaK8A I would say 3.5 Stars. Having lived in the Middle East countries where indian restaurants take major part of the restaurant business and are being very competitive, I am critical of indian food. 
I  enjoyed the dining experience at Saffron Patch. I felt I finally found a place to enjoy a decent  indian food in this town. 
But, price is ridiculous. 

Seafood and meat dish are served with rice.
All the vegetable dishes are around $10 but they DO NOT come with rice nor naan so you have to add another $3 bucks to that. That would be over $13 just for a vegetable curry, which I think it's bit pricy.

(Butter Shrimp curry) was a great choice, although it's very pricy ($18 for curry!!)..
If you like a creamy rich curry with shrimp,  you would love this one.

(Lentils and chickpeas curry) All the ingredients are mashed and it's more like a thick soup than a curry. I expected for a curry with chickpeas, so i did not like it while my partner seemed to like it because he likes a thick lentil soup. This dish is more like a thick bean lentil soup.

I had an impression that they use frozen begetables in the food. When I oredered some vegetable curry dish, carrots and green beans were frozen veggies.

(Lunch Buffet) When I went there for a lunch, they had 3 different kind of curry. Two of them were chicken. If you are a meat lover, it would be a great deal.

I had a real dissapointment when I purchased a restaurant voucher for Saffron Patch @ restaurant.com. This is $25 certificate by paying $10, you have to Dine-In only with minimum $50 and the worst part is that 20% gratuity will be automatically deducted. So in the end i only got $7 off.
And they provide a Printable 15% OFF coupon on their Saffron Patch website, so this has been better than purchasing a certificate:-(

The location choice for the restaurant is a real mystery and their decor is a major miss. The dining space is unusual for restaurants and it is just like a room in community center. Nobody would noticed this place being located in an office building at the rear of Chagrin Blvd. They will do much better business if they relocate to somewhere like Cedar/Fairmont or near hospitals and change it up for contemporary style.
