Hgo9WB-uyx_iD3Vjk2lZnA First review I've written in a really long time, and it pains me to put down a restaurant of one of my own, but my visit to Copper Kettle Curry House on my recent visit to Phoenix was nothing short of the hugest disappointment. 

I walked in one evening and found the place completely empty, save the disinterested host sitting behind the front counter scrolling through his smart phone. I asked him I'd like to order some dishes for dinner, but he insisted I have their nightly dinner buffet instead. I should have walked over to the buffet counter first before saying yes, because what a mess. Most trays were either almost empty or had obviously been sitting around for too long with a re-stir, and everything looked cold, especially the keema (minced meat). The selection was poor, and the dishes were mediocre, and I was trying to figure out what happened to these guys. When Copper Kettle was in Mesa, it was *the* go-to spot for many of the Valley's Pakistani community. I'd taken friends there for grilled platters and whatnot over the years. And service was excellent (albeit that excellent server is now at Curry Corner). 

Dining here was depressing. Apart from the fresh hot naan which was brought out (which made me scratch my head as to why everything else in the buffet seemed cold and stale), I didn't really feel any enthusiasm for anything on my plate, which is pretty much a first for a Pakistani restaurant. Nothing, even the safe veggie options, merited going back for seconds, because everything was cold. And old. It's like all effort and drive had left this operation. Not to mention the fact that two tables over there was a giant mess on the table, booth seats, and floor: spilled sauce and rice and water everywhere. The guy at the front obviously wasn't vested in cleaning it up, as he for the most part stayed interested in his phone, so the mess just stayed there the entire time I ate. 

I was probably in and out of the restaurant within 15 minutes. Not a good sign whatsoever for these guys, especially if the much more brightly lit Indian Delhi Palace is right next door. 

As I said, it's not out of snarky glee that I'm writing this 2 star review. I'm writing it more that I'm really disappointed, because given the name and the brand, I was expecting much better. Hopefully Copper Kettle will take this review to heart and clean up their act and create a loyal fanbase like Khyber Halal has a few miles away, because from the looks of things at the moment, it appears they've given up before they even truly got started.

Best of luck.

2 stars (for the decent hot naan)
