Hgo9WB-uyx_iD3Vjk2lZnA I was actually headed to the Indian buffet across the street, and then I saw a sign for the Curry House $6.99 buffet.  I absolutely love the Indian buffet across the street, but I have been going there for about a decade, and I didn't mind trying something new - especially since the new buffet was $3 cheaper than my old standby.  I have never tried a Pakistani buffet, but I figured since Pakistan and India are neighboring countries that the cuisine would be similar.

I have been trying to expand my culinary horizons locally, and I am generally a pretty adventurous eater after having lived overseas for two years (Europe and the Middle East).  Also after having tasted these ethnic foods in their place of origin, I feel like I have a pretty good idea of what things "should" taste like.

I actually hate leaving bad reviews, because I don't like to jeopardize people's livelihoods, so let's look at this as constructive advice so that the owners can make improvements and bring customers in because of the improved quality in the near future.

So, I will start with a positive.  The chicken tikka dish was delicious.  The chicken had an interesting dry rub, and it was full of flavor - not dry, not overcooked, not undercooked - just right.  The second positive comes with a slight criticism.  The naan was delicious too - nice and warm and crispy.  However, of all of the Indian buffets I have been to (which is at least 6 or more), none of them charged extra for naan.  This place charged extra, but considering the low buffet price, I acquiesced and ordered it - especially since I had expected it as part of my meal, and I didn't want to go without.  It was less than a dollar, but still I felt like it should have been included.

Now for the criticism.  The restaurant smelled, not of delicious aromas coming form exotic spices, but more like mildew.  At closer inspection, it looks like they suffered some pretty major water damage from the recent storms.  It seems as though a  portion of the ceiling had caved in and the ceiling tiles were removed.  They used a freestanding room divider to divert your attention from the building damage.  The place was not particularly clean.  My table and chairs were not very clean.  They also had a chemical odor to them. 

The chicken curry was room temperature (not hot) and was very bland.  The chicken itself was OK, but nothing special.  The goat curry was very bland, and the goat meat was mostly fat.  The vegetable dish had overcooked zucchini; it was mushy and virtually tasteless.  It was also oily.  The garbanzo bean stew was bland and not worth trying again.  The rice was not very fresh, even though I think I was the first customer of the day, and I bit down on an uncooked piece of rice that was so hard I thought that I had chewed on a small pebble.

The dessert was jello - no thanks, I can make my own jello.  They also had watermelon, which would have been great if it looked fresh, but it didn't so I didn't risk it.

And I am saving the worst for last.  They served "noodles."  I have never had "noodles" before at an Indian buffet.  But, I figured, that maybe Pakistani cuisine might have noodles, and that is what makes them unique from a typical Indian buffet.  Well, I don't think that noodles are typical to this region, as they just tasted like over-boiled spaghetti noodles - the worst I have ever had.  And, I went to summer camp for 9 years with some of the worst spaghetti on the planet.  This was even worse than that.  After one bite,  I knew that they just put noodles on the buffet to fill out the space and to make it look as if there were more offerings.  They would have been better off just leaving the tray empty.

Right now, If you plan to go to this buffet, I wouldn't.  HOWEVER, if the owners read this and take it to heart, not as a criticism, but rather as constructive advice on how to fix this, then this place could be great.  I don't want to see any business fail; there are too many out-of-work people already.  I would also love to have a nice ethnic restaurant in the neighborhood that I can go to on occasion for  a little variety.  The recipes desperately need tweaking.    The maintenance of the building and the tables, chairs, and floors needs to be reassessed and fixed.  The naan should be included in the price of the buffet, and keep the chicken tikka exactly as it, because it is what earned you a second star.

I would love to read more reviews to see if they have fixed these issues in the future, because I would love to give this place a second chance if they actually institute these recommended changes.  If they don't change something soon, I am afraid that they won't be around for very long.
