hubbaEcYPYEZu5Ziz6i0lw Here's my short review...

- Ordering was a chore
- The food smelled old
- The food was bland
- Don't go here
- Go to Curry Leaf Flavors of India on Ft. Apache

Hers my long review...

I didn't know Mantra Masala existed so I was stoked to find an Indian restaurant so close to where I live. 

I called to place a pick up order and the guy taking my order seemed like he was on another planet. It wasn't a language barrier issue either. 

He got my name wrong at least ten times. I knew I was really in for it when I started ordering the food. I asked how many samosas were in one order and he said "one", so I said I will have four samosas thinking I would get four samosas with my order. I got home and opened the carton to see eight samosas. There are two samosa per order so I spent loads of money on some vegetables wrapped in fried dough.

Then I ordered a paneer dish a curry dish and onion kulcha bread. It literally took this guy five minutes to figure out what I wanted. I could hear him flipping through the menu trying to figure out what I was ordering. After a while, I heard another guy rip the phone out of the first guys hands to get my order in properly. 

I skeptically drove to pick up the order. It was ready for me and I paid. Thankfully there was no issue with picking up the food or paying. 

I got home, opened up my order and everything looked good, but the contents smelled musty. You know, like an epically old crazy lady's home smell? Yeah, like that. 

The samosas were huge. They tasted ok. My paneer and curry dishes were bland. How can that could happen with Indian food??? How can Indian food be bland???!!!

The rice was dry and yellow. This was the first Indian place where I was served yellow rice. It's usually white rice. 

The onion kulcha? Well, let's not even talk about that. *barf*

The food sucked and I had double the amount of samosa that I ordered. The only things I liked were the chutneys that came with the samosa. 

I literally threw everything out but the samosa because I was so friggin hungry. 

Do yourself a favor. Drive the extra few miles and eat the delicious Indian food at Curry Leaf Flavors of India on Ft. Apache Rd.  The food there is fantastic! The service is on point too. 

Sorry, Mantra Masala. I thought I found a gem, but I didn't. I found a crazy old lady's musty smelling couch in a bag with eight samosas

Love,
Me
