HXYqkCmOjuDODWqYxu-p9A The UK has adopted Indian food in a manner that  the national dish  has changed to Chicken tikka masala* from roast beef and Yorkshire pudding which is a good thing.I miss the UK style curry so much I make it ,when I have a spare few hours,so this being the first UK curry I'd had in over five years was something I was really looking forward to.Sadly it was not to be the happy homecoming I'd hoped for. 

Started out with  the wrong order on appetizer,while I waited for a do over my wife had some relatively good bhaji , and the pakora when it arrived was pretty good, nice accompanying sauce  but both were on the stingy side portion wise. ( 4 pakora come on) 

My entree,a naga jolokia chicken curry and the funny part is I didn't sweat, pause or really notice that the hottest pepper in the world was part of the dish.

I seriously doubt it's presence in any quantity Hot  sauces based on that pepper are not remotely forgettable.While it tasted pretty good  it was  way below expectations for the description and alleged ingredients in the dish. I'd put my arse on danger money for that dish and found out that I had to send it home with full pay. It didn't even make it to the heat of a vindaloo. 

My wife got the wrong  meal entirely , either that or they are sticking banana and other fruits into it to taste like the dish below the Korma on their menu, curious but wrong. 

Forgot to bring out one of the naans, the garlic one,which had maybe been shown a picture of garlic. 

Raita was curdling and unlike -every- other  other version with grated or finely chopped cucumber this had many full , thick slices, maybe they have too much water in them and that's why it's unusual to see whole pieces? 

In the end this costs too much for what we received, presentation was well done but it's a shame they didn't put as much care into the food or service as they did with the presentation.

Yet another "best in town because it's the only one in town" restaurant.  

*Some say the reason that the British Empire existed at all was our need to find a decent meal and after India we lost interest
