i-zvRNJ-KSG-sfdAzwImQQ First time here. Located in the downtown part of Brampton, it appears they took over an earlier restaurant, since the interior decor appears different in style to the cuisine served here. What is the signature in their food prep is the extra influence of Andhra region, in the dishes served there. In that part of India, they tend to add a little of what I fondly call 'gun powder', which is a special mix of local spices, a bit coarse, flaming red & orange in color (not too hot) but yes, makes you drink a lot more water later (slow burn). 

Anticipating this, we shared the 'Dahi Vada' appetizer. This is pair of crisp lentil batter based large fritters ('Vada') in a dougnut shaped, soaked in whipped yoghurt ('Dahi'). They serve a lovely ginger based chutney on the side (this turned out to be my absolute favorite condiment! Highly recommended, works with just about anything). You can order this salty (my choice) or sweet, which also works quite well, thus it can satisfy any palate out there.

The second appetizer we did was 'Aloo Bonda'. This is also a pair of spiced boiled potato, mixed in with little salt and maybe a few spices, and then dipped in a thick batter made out of chick peas and deep fried. It is a very decent sized, which is good as the batter is usually thick and so had the right proportions vis-a-vis the potato, which allowed one to enjoy the taste inside. Of course, I was equally delighted that this was accompanied by my favorite ginger chutney/paste.

For the main course, I noticed they had a different type of 'Dosa' (a very thin and super crispy rice or semolina based crepe). They called it 'Pesarattu', in which they use green lentils inside of the usual yellow or other lentils. Locally known as 'moong daal'. Being the adventurous type, I of course ordered the 'Karampodi Pesarattu', in which they layer the inside of the crepe with the 'gun powder' dry spice mix. This came with 'Sambhar', also spelt sambar, a rich aromatic lentil-based vegetable stew or chowder based on a broth made with tamarind; and 4 other chutneys: tomato, coriander/cilantro, coconut and of course once again ginger chutney! Overall this was good, although they were rather generous with the dry spice powder inside the 'Dosa'. The 'Sambhar' was OK, could have been better prepared, but overall not bad.

My friend ordered the Masala (mixture of other spices) Rava Dosa, this is made from semolina inside of rice batter. I noticed they had a couple of variations in this category. I sampled a bit of his entree and it was equally tasty.

To top this all of and re-settle over palate, one should finish off with Madras Coffee, which is simply described as 'coffee' on the menu. This is super piping hot and prepared with milk and a bit of froth on top. careful as this is served in a  steel tumbler and has a dash of chicory in it, so that is what gives it the unique aroma and flavor.

Next time I will try the 'Thali' (literally plate) which is a combo meal, ie. a little bit of everything. Or the Chapatti (baked light flatbread)/Poori (puffed fried bread), combos. This seemed to be popular at many of the neighboring tables. I also noticed they had a few unique kids specials too, so will bring along the younger food critics next time. The interior could use a little more light and freshening up, they do have lots of tables and space and bonus of free 1 hour parking on the side.
