Ibmf1PgWn_5oaGQ1kINmTw Was craving some Indian food and heard about this place that offered Nepali food as well. Jackpot, momos here I come. But I won't be back. 
Being the glutton for variety, Of course I pick a Sunday to come and there is no buffet option. 
Needless to say I decide to try some variety. The menu has a lot to offer, but not overwhelming like other Indian places, but it is a bit pricey. $8 for momo appetizer and $21 for the thali. 
I decided to try the samosas and chicken momos to start. To my surprise the first course was actually a papad served with mint chutney and jaggery sweet sauce.  
The momos (Nepali version of dumplings) were fresh, a little thick on the batter, the filling was seasoned heavily with coriander and served with a tomato chilli paste that was probably would not have been my first choice. It tasted more like the tomato base or marinade of a curry. 
The vegetable samosas were hot, fresh and tasty with a decent amount of filling, but served on wilted lettuce and dehydrated carrots. 
The soup of the day (dhaal) was hot but average at best. It was more like rasam but needed a kick and salt. 
And now the non-veg Thali. Minus the thali. Served in individual bowls, there was a mixed grill with a deliciously marinated and flavored tandoori chicken and prawn. The chicken kabob was dry and meh, the Sheek kebab dry and not fresh. 
Accompanying this was the vegetable dish, a mixed vegetable South Indian style dry dish with carrots, pumpkin, potato, peas and zucchini(?).... When did Indian dishes come with zucchini? Nevertheless it was tasty. The basmati rice (pulao) was seasoned well but dry. 
The lamb saag was good and the boneless lamb was tasty with just the right amount of ginger and spice. The plain naan was soft, hot and light. 

The restaurant itself is quaint and chopped off with multiple floor layouts/sections and clean. The service was good and very polite. A huge plus is it doesn't smell like curry so those worried about going out after a meal should have no fear. (Seriously it's a thing)
