ICUCAzUZFiWkYs7iCtNCQg Finally got to try Copper with a large group of friends the other night.  I had been drooling over the menu for a week or so when we had made plans to go.  I definitely was not disappointed with my experience here!  

Our waiter was super awesome and very charming - he had this dry sense of humor that really worked especially with a big group.  My favorite line that came from him was when we were asking about heat levels and someone had mentioned they wanted a "kick".... and he responded with a dead-serious look on his face:  "flying kick" or "regular kick".... I was rolling on the floor laughing and it took a couple of my friends a repeat of what was just said to get them on board with my flailing of hands and obnoxious laughter.

Not sure if every table gets this, but we were a table of six and we got a basket of regular Naan with 3 different dipping sauces.  Super delicious.

I was feeling very adventurous that night and saw that the first course selections had a "Soup of the Day".... I totally ordered it without asking what it was.  Our waiter replied that the soup was Tomato.... and I was a bit saddened, but still ordered it anyway.  Later he came back and said he was mistaken and the soup was a coconut bell pepper soup.  Sounded great, and was a great surprise.  Best accidental soup of the day ordering ever.  When the soup came, I had to let everyone try it because it was just THAT good.  It was everything that the name promised and more.

My main course was the Saunfiya Kesri Chicken which was on the "modern" section.  Who wouldn't pick it based on its description alone?:  Saffron-Fennel Roasted Chicken Breast, Fennel-Chive Creme, Mixed Vegetables!!!!!!  There was a heavy hand of black pepper on the veggies that I really really really really enjoyed and it went perfect with the chicken.  I wanted to fill an Olympic-sized pool with the creme sauce and do laps in it.

Having a really good time with the food, I convinced my friend to split a dessert with me and we partook in the "Three Excuses"... they had great dessert names on the menu.  The excuses included a flour-less "Callibaut" chocolate torte, gulab jamun, baileys kulfi.  ALL WERE GREAT and a nice way to end the meal.

Felt a little guilty when the check came - I had 2 glasses of wine with my meal and probably spent way more than I should for one person for one dinner, but I enjoyed it tremendously.  Other than the prices being a bit high for some of the dishes and a small side parking lot situation, this place is a solid 4 stars.
