ICUCAzUZFiWkYs7iCtNCQg It was our first time here, and my first time experiencing Indian cuisine, and while I liked most of the food, it seemed a little overpriced for the what we were served for restaurant week.  We came for a friend's birthday party, and the hostess gave us the regular menu so we were a little confused when we sat down, but our waiter clarified we were given the wrong menu for Restaurant Week.  The waiter was attentive and pleasant, and patient with our questions.  

We each got one first course, one main course and one dessert.  We were told for this special, we do not receive complimentary Naan.  However, they brought us some at the start of the meal and we were told it was on the house.  I loved my Corn-Asparagus- Black Beans "Tikki-Chole" which was quite plentiful.  However, most of the other first courses were pretty small.  Maybe this is what Indian meals are like.  The main courses were good, although I found my two large Scallops on the chewy side, but the sauce and salmon were delicious!  I heard the restaurant is very good for vegetarians, and we were surprised to see the only main course available for vegetarians was the Kachoril Waali Dal & Mushroom Medley Rolls, and our vegetarian guest of honor did not care for mushrooms at all.  This made it a bit uncomfortable for us having to ask the waiter if we could substitute a regular menu item.  Fortunately they did, but not until after the waiter informed us that he doubted they would do anything special since we all had to order off this menu.  Really??  

We all agreed the dessert offered, the Mocha Kulfi - spiced cherry syrup, candied fennel dust, was horrible!  It tasted like stale, hard, corn bread with a hint of Pine-Sol cleaner.  

While the food was good (but not worth even the special $30 a meal/$15 a plate), the ambiance pleasant, the company top notch, I don't think I would go out of my way to return here, especially when the prices would be even higher.  I would like to try a more casual Indian dining experience though and get a wider variety of options and sizes.
