ICUCAzUZFiWkYs7iCtNCQg I returned to Copper last night, this time my partner rather than a friend.  It provided a nice conversation place previously with my friend, but this time served as a romantic date night setting.

My partner had never been to Copper and was equally impressed.  The lighting is perfect in this converted old house.  It's subdued, creating a relaxing and romantic atmosphere.  Hushed Indian music plays in the background.  

We sat in the "red room."  The walls are entirely painted in fire engine red.  The lighting is low there, too, so you're not blinded by the bold use of color.  The only problem I found with this room was that halfway through our dining experience, a large group was sat at a long table in there.  Being that it's a square room with four walls, the sound of their voices was a bit too much.  It dampened the romantic aspect a bit, but that's not Copper's fault.  

We didn't know what half the stuff on the menu was, so we picked and chose.  It turned out we chose very well.  We wanted a bread, but weren't sure which of the five to choose from.  We went with the $3 garlic Naan.  Turns out, it was the same bread they bring you to the table anyway...with garlic.  It was still good, though, and we still had leftover sauces from the first bread they brought us.  One was a marmalade, another a creamy corn something-or-other, and the last (and my favorite) was a mint leaf one.  

To add to our Indian repertoire, we added an appetizer.  We wisely chose the Paneer, after inquiring what it was (an Indian cheese).  Not just any cheese, though, it was cooked in wide rectangular strips (it doesn't melt) and coated in Indian spices.  Can I just say, "YUM?"   

Copper offers entrees in both "traditional" and "modern" choices.  This time around, we went with modern.  Each of us tried a chicken dish.  One with a lot of Indian spices accompanied by roasted peppers and the other with a coconut-lime sauce accompanied by green beans and peas.  Both came out with extremely generous portions of chicken.  We were SO impressed by the size of the meat.   It allowed us to swap half for half to sample both dishes and still have our own good-sized portion of what we ordered.  Naturally, both were extremely flavorful and juicy.  The peppers on the side were good, but the green bean and pea concoction was out of this world.   I could have eaten a bowlful of it.  I don't know if it was the spices or the coconut-lime sauce that made it so good, but even if you didn't like vegetables, you would love these.  

We enjoyed the atmosphere, prices, and food portions at Copper MUCH better than our previous experience at Blue earlier this week, spent $40 less, AND I got a glass of fine red wine.  Copper gets my recommendation to out-of-town friends and guests each and every time.  

Lastly, we were able to easily book a reservation for a busy Saturday night online at their website using OpenTable.  How much better can it get?
