ICUCAzUZFiWkYs7iCtNCQg Copper is a pleasant, 30-minute walk or quick rail ride from Uptown Charlotte, housed in a beautiful old property that's been wonderfully renovated inside. Indian EDM thumps incongruously from a mounted speaker, quite at odds with the relaxing environment.

There is a 'Coppertini' menu along with a fairly impressive wine list, with a few decent whites by the glass, including a light and refreshing Indian Chenin blanc, which is what I went with.

The menu promises not just the old Indian restaurant standbys but also some modern takes on the country's cuisine, including a tandoori-spiced duck leg confit (not cooked in the tandoor, of which none exists in this restaurant) and dhana dal with scallops.

'Masala Chili Cauliflower Florets: Zesty Soy-Tomato-Scallion Glaze, Toasted Spices, Ginger' ($9) sounded good. In reality what arrived was essentially a pretty poor plate of gobi Manchurian. I understand that the taste in Indian food is towards very crispy batters but this was something else, nowhere near pliable with a fork, and the glaze was reminiscent of over-salted ketchup more than any of the promised spices or zest. Some complimentary naan and completely extraneous chutneys arrived with this, the bread clearly out of a bag, as well as some raita.

For entree I chose 'Kashmiri Chili-Fennel Roasted Lamb Chops, Wild Mushroom Pulao, Lamb-Mushroom Redux' ($27) and was sorely disappointed. The lamb chops, which I requested medium, came rare, and needed knife and tooth to be prised from the bone. That would be excusable were it not for the nearly total lack of flavor. Some fennel came through, but the lamb-mushroom redux on top was simply overpowered by the burnt edges of the chops. The pulao was a bit better, having a genuine earthy hit to it, but not enough to rescue the lamb. With this dish came more of the naan and a vast bowl of basmati rice. Yes, rice to go with the pulao.

I was of no mind to try a dessert after that so that was the end of the meal. Service was professional, if quite reserved.

For just short of $50 this was a hugely disappointing experience. Frankly I am baffled at Copper's excellent reputation. It's a beautiful space and clearly a great deal of thought has gone into the menu, but the food is nowhere near good enough at any price point, much less the one charged.
