ICUCAzUZFiWkYs7iCtNCQg We went here for dinner during Restaurant Week, since we've had great luck with tasting menus in the past.  We also planned for an early dinner, since it was  previously reviewed as a very dark restaurant.  We made reservations at 6PM through opentable.com, but when we got there, they didn't have us down on the list (we only made them about an hour or so beforehand, so this was excusable).  We were still able to be seated, primarily because it was early and the restaurant wasn't crowded.

The hostess and our waitress were very nice.  She took our drink order pretty quickly once we were seated.  The drink menu was a little disappointing. Everything sounded very...gross isn't the right word...unfruity.  Lots of peppar, various spices, mint.  Not many fruity delicious yummy cocktails like I wanted. I got one called the Neelkantha, and it was alright--hypnotiq, curacao, and chambord--but I probably would get some wine next time, or just drink beforehand.  Their wine list is extensive.

As I said, we tried the tasting menu, and the dishes were all good.  We both loved our appetizers.  I had the Coriander Coconut Shrimp.  There were two huge shrimp with a mustard-black  pepper glaze, masala acorn squash (a small slice), and a ginger beet puree that was beautifully beet colored and tasted very earthy like beets.  I loved this dish, and felt like a Top Chef judge with the plating and the cerebral list of ingredients.  My husband had the sheekh kabab meatballs with karavali masala, eggplant-poblano chutney, crispy leeks and a mango avocado salad (read: piece each of avocado, mango, and grapefruit).  This was very spicy, but I could still taste the underlying flavors of the dish as well.  Again, presentation was lovely. 

The main course was challenging for my husband, so we had to trade plates.  Originally I had ordered the masala duck leg confit with kundapur spices, seasonal veggies, and pomegranate syrah jus.  But my husband didn't like his very much (he's a meat and potatoes sort of guy), so I gave it up after a bite so he could eat something he would enjoy.  (The guy just had back surgery, I thought I would give him a break.)  So I ended up eating khoya prune kofta with a milk solids dumpling, prune-ginger chili puree, seviyan ka upma, mirchi ka salan sauce. (One was green, the other white.  I didn't know the difference!)  This was good, but unlike anything I had ever eaten before. The "dumpling" was a 4 x 1 brick on the plate that, by itself, tasted like milk! But the prune fried balls were pretty sweet and yummy, and the sauces complimented them well.

For dessert, we both had the mango gajrela puff.  They took our knives from dinner, and I would have liked to have it, as sawing through the pastry (which was a little wet) with the side of my fork was a bit tough.  The rabdi ice cream that came with it was quite good, though I am somewhat of an Indian food neophyte, so I don't know what exactly that flavor is.  

Even with the tasting menu, we still paid over $100 for dinner, which seemed a bit high. We each had 2 cocktails, so I guess that adds up quickly, but I didn't feel like we had a $100 experience overall.  

Lessons learned: 
1.  Come early so you can see the menu
2. Drink cocktails before and after dinner
3.  Be prepared to spend some cash, and you won't be disappointed.
