ICUCAzUZFiWkYs7iCtNCQg So, I LOVE Indian food. Then why have I lived in Charlotte for so long and never tried Copper? Well, for one there's Woodlands and it's basically perfect and why go anywhere else? But also because I'm intimated by the fancy and let's be honest, I'm super duper CHEAP!

I finally decided to give Copper a try when my main homie, Rachel B. informed me that  http://http://www.restaurant.com/  basically always has a coupon for them. $10 for $25 worth of food, but with a minimum purchase of $37.50. GET ON THAT!

Freshly printed coupon in tow, my boyfriend and I headed over to Copper super early (5:30pmish) to beat any Thursday night dinner crowd there might be. The place wasn't crowded and there was plenty of seating inside and out. But when we walked up to the hostess stand they asked if we had reservations. Me: "umm, no? do we need them?" // host: "no, but typically it's best to have them" // me: "well, can you accommodate us then? // host: "well, yes. follow me..."   I don't know why it rubbed me the wrong way, it just did.

Moving on, Copper is basically a big Victorian style house made into a modern, upscale restaurant. Lots of candles, white table cloths, etc. They even put your napkin on your lap for you!!!

I've eaten at a lot of Indian restaurants, but even i was a little intimidated by the menu (or maybe it was all the meat dishes I didn't understand). I had to double check with the waiter and make sure everything I was interested in was vegetarian, because it wasn't clearly indicated. Which, the server seemed a little annoyed by. Oh well. 

We were given a complementary trio of sauces: a sweet mango lassi style, a yogurt based, and a mint based sauce. They were all delish, but the mango was my favorite. The only thing is, the only gave us one piece of naan each. I had to waste the rest of the sauce sampler because we didn't get enough bread to finish it with. What's with that??

We had the Samosas as an appetizer. They were good, but way too small... like little golf balls. 2 for $7? Please...

My boyfriend ordered the Scallops dish off the Modern menu. He was very pleased with his selection. He loves big scallops and he gave these two thumbs up. $23 dish.

I ordered the Goat Cheese-Vegetable "Roasted Koftas" also off the Modern menu. $17 dish. AMAZING!!!! The dish came with three little koftas, the size of fingerling potatoes. They were plump and packed full of flavor.  On top was a "mixed vegetable tarkari". I'm still not sure which veggies they were  (they were julienne cut into thin strips), but I was pleased. The real shining star of this dish was the bed of sauce listed on the menu as "tomato-honey-fenugreek". SO SO SO SO SO GOOD. So many rich flavors going on, it was like an explosion on my palette. The dish was a little spicy, but not crazy, just right. 

We split two orders of bread: garlic naan and saffron kulcha. The garlic naan ($3) was pretty basic, yummy, but nothing phenomenal. The kulcha ($7) was surprisingly bland for it's ingredients: saffron, almonds, and paneer. Hmm. 

Overall, I was super impressed with my main course, but not my appetizer or bread. The food was delicious, but WAY OVERPRICED (Our total before coupon was $57!!). You basically pay for the atmosphere here, so make it a special occasion to celebrate and birthday, reunion or raise.

We'll be back maybe, but it'll probably be a while til we can save up for an "fancy" night again.
