iE71iwcSljg3xm2GB2Y9aA Majorly disappointed. I've had the luxury of spending a lot of time in India and absolutely love the food. While that doesn't make me an expert in Indian food, it makes me someone who really enjoys it. After moving to the area, finding an Indian restaurant was a top priority. Marigold Maison caught my attention because of the terrific reviews and the fact that they had two of my favorite dishes on the menu - masala dosa and aloo gobi.

I've been after my wife to try the place since we got here and she finally agreed to so I made us a reservation for Saturday night. We were seated at a two-top next to the wall around the kitchen. Not horrible, but a bit disappointing given we had made a reservation. We ordered glasses of wine and the masala dosa. When I travel to India, the masala dosa is my standard everyday breakfast. I absolutely adore them and couldn't wait for my wife to try it. The dosa served was thick - almost like a tortilla instead of the paper-thin crispy dosa I'm used to. The filling was bland and the whole thing looked like it was flattened. The highlight was the coconut chutney, but the dosa itself was not very good. To top it off, my wife's wine was flat. Clearly the bottle had been open for a while.

After the appetizer, we waited for literally 15 minutes (I looked at my phone) waiting for the entrees. This was while we watched the people who came in after us get their entrees. When the food finally arrived, it was a total letdown. The Chicken vindaloo contained dry, chewy chicken and the vindaloo's only flavor component was "spicy". The saag panner was probably the only highlight of the entire experience, and it gained that position by being average in a meal of below average. The aloo gobi, one of my favorite dishes, was flavorless, lacked potato (you know, the aloo in aloo gobi) and had diced tomato in it, which was a first.

The final slap in the face was a check for over $90 for a very sub-par meal and disappointing service

I really wish I had eaten in the place that the other reviewers seem to have eaten at. It sounds like a great place, but unfortunately that wasn't my experience. Super disappointed. I won't go back.
