Ih5Q1cNDLchhi1FqqTwrag This restaurant has been a long time in coming so the owners had plenty of time to decide on their business plan.  The latest of a trio of Indian restaurants, I think this one has an identity crisis.  Is it more of a bar in the Fremont East District that just happens to serve Indian food or is it a restaurant that prominently features a bar?

I entered about 10 minutes after it's 5 PM dinner hour opening.  I was shown to a table in the bar area.  Unlike other Indian restaurants, this one had the football game on TV instead of the normal Bollywood music with dancers.  That's OK with me though.  It's up to them.

When I looked at the menu I was surprised by how limited it was.  On the back was a list of traditional curries and to my memory they were all vegetarian options--again OK--but not what I was looking for.  I saw a sign out front that said the soup of the day was lentil soup (see my photo for the exterior shot and you'll see the sign).  When I asked the server about this, she pointed to an $11 lentil soup on the menu.  She then said she could have them make a cup size portion rather than the larger size.  Seeing nothing else I wanted on the menu, I opted for the beef curry and I ordered garlic naan.  I had already been brought the iced tea I asked for when I was first seated.

A server brought me a small Indian cake as an amuse but I couldn't understand his description.  (A Yelp friend let me know that this is dhokla made from chick pea flour.)   It was good with some nice Indian spices in the cake.  Then came the lentil soup.  It was a large bowl but it wasn't that deep which was OK.  However, I didn't see a lentil anywhere and I'd refer to it as lentil broth rather than lentil soup.  There was not even a texture of ground lentils in the bowl.  (Check my photo against the lentil soup photo someone else has posted and note the difference.)  

The beef curry came.  I had ordered it at spice level 4 out of 5.  If you like spicy food, order the 5 because this could have had more zing to it.  The curry was OK but nothing exceptional.  A serving of basmati rice came with the curry.  The naan was OK but needed more garlic.  My iced tea was refreshed without asking.

They have recently opened but there are a couple of things to note.  The lunch menu appears to have more of what I'd want than the dinner one.  When I asked my server if they had two menus, one for the bar area and one for the dining room area, she said no and brought me their lunch and their dinner menus.  Lunch has lamb rogan josh--something I would have ordered instead of the beef.  When I  pointed this out, she showed me the lamb rack that's on their dinner menu and said that could be made into rogan josh--just ask.  Really?  If I want curry chicken I have to guess that you'll make it for me.

As for the surroundings, this is where the Fremont East District comes into play.  There is a counter running along the windows of this corner restaurant with stools so people can sit at the counter and watch the people at the Container Park or just coming and going on Fremont Street.  Yesterday, all three garage door style windows were open.  One was shut when the west breezes were strong and almost blew the menu off the table.  The windows facing the Container Park remained open all the time I was there.  

I saw last December that this restaurant was coming in 2016.  It finally made it and I was glad to give it a try when I knew they were open.  My experience tells me that it's the one and only time I'll be there.  We have just too many better choices for Indian food without having to get beef.  You need to decide what kind of business you want Turmeric to be.  Note:  their website does not yet have a menu listing.
