iS44aNB5h7bkAV3dzm9Fgw Like many people who are Yelping about Babur, I have been coming here for a long time-- since I moved to Toronto in 1998.They really do an amazing job of spicy, well balanced curries without sacrificing that punch of Indian Heat. They also used to have the best lunch buffet in the city, but they stopped doing this about 5 years ago.

Butter Chicken is always my acid test for Indian food and Babur's Butter Chicken is absolutely the best I've had in Toronto. Its creamy, sweet--- but no too sweet-- with nuts, a great spice level and the chicken is always tender and juicy--It's what keeps me coming back here (and I used to go once a week about 10 years ago). I was also a fan of the Masala Beef and the Saag Paneer. 

I'm not sure if they still do it, but they used to start you off with complimentary papadams, these delicious spicy carrot bits with black mustard seeds, tamarind chutney and coriander chutney. All were delicious.

10 years ago, I would have given Babur 5 stars. Hands down. But in recent years, I've had some service issues and haven't gone back. The last time I was there I was on a strict diet avoiding grains and starches, so my friend and I declined the waiter's suggestion that we order rice with our curries. We didn't receive rice, but we were charged $5 for it anyway! I had to argue with the waiter, telling him that we hadn't ordered any rice and he waffled, saying that he'd have to take my credit card back, print up a new bill and refund the transaction so he could ring it through again without the rice. He pointed out that he was very busy and that this procedure would take him some time. We were meeting friends for a show and had to leave. I was pretty angry and haven't gone back since. Most of the time, I've found the service to be cool and stand-offish.

I might give them another try because the food is so great, but I have noticed that the portions have become much smaller over the years and I'm not a fan of the new decor. Seems like it's all about flash these days and less about the food. I'll write and update after I return.
