iS44aNB5h7bkAV3dzm9Fgw Decided on a whim to have lunch here on Sunday (May 29th)afternoon.

Decent size. Personally, basement bathrooms following an obstacle course ....something out of survivor, annoy me. However is spacious... so points here. ^_^

Growing up back home I was used to a select type of cold drinks Thumbs Up, Fanta, Sunkist, Pepsi-Cola etc. Shockingly, you can get them all here. I wouldn't recommend it to those watching sugar levels. 

The server was a bit bored of his day job, gazing at the window  whilst leaning against the wall. I didn't blame him, it was a nice day out. He was polite but not very helpful with ordering. He mentioned this place was primarily Punjabi and/or Gujrati? (I have a feeling he was talking lotsOsmack) 
The menu is in a cheapy pink frosty type of binder. Weird?
The decor is vintage copper periwinkle & duck plate pictures meets Victorian war left overs.
 I dunno about the interior of this place, looks a tad wounded. :S

(THANK GOD THE FOOD MAKES UP FOR IT)
Order:
    Garlic naan - SOOOOOO GOOD, I dare anyone to try this and still NOT want to devour 20 more. it's (excuse the lame-ness) MIND BLOWING.
    Butter chkn - safe but sets the standard for the rest of the sauces. If it's too diluted,means less service. If it's overtly saucy, cheap on chicken. This was just right, the sauce was equally buttery and you can taste the tomato base. The chicken were breast chunks and cooked well before mixing with the sauce. 
    Pilli Pilli sweet & spicy chkn - retardedly spicy, but the chicken is nice and chunky. There is indeed a hint of sweet. If you can get over the ambulance-fire-truck-spice party your papillae will have to endure. 
   Daal - myeh. Black lentils. Not bad if you have options but not the best if you can only have veg. It's sort of bland after a while. 
   rice with peas - The rice was fine but the peas tastes as though they had been over cooked. Or just.... old. 
Our bill was $98.31
with tip - $108.31 for 3 people. 

over all = myeh. Perhaps if there was nothing else around and I hadn't had any oily food in a decade, i might go again.

xoxox
M.
