IUTU_8qM7M8j9A1TbmMjYA If only Tasty Kabob would relocate to the bay area and help fill the Persian food void! This is my type of place:

First and foremost, Tasty Kabob has good, well-executed food. We had shirazi salad, musto khiar, ghormeh sabzi, joojeh, koobideh, zereshk polo and the rose water laced Persian ice cream:
The shirazi had a slightly different spice combination that what I'm used to, and came with lime wedges so we could apply the citrus ourselves. I liked this fresh, slightly different version of the salad quite a bit. 
The musto khiar was generously portioned, well mixed and delightful (thrilling me to no end, as musto khiar is one of my absolute most favorite foodstuffs). 
My Ghormeh Sabzi was delightful-- tangy and flavorful with spices that were mixed in with a deft hand; ghormeh sabzi can, at times, be victim of overwhelming spices, but this version did not suffer. 
The kabobs were both well cooked and nicely seasoned, although I felt the koobideh could have used a little more spices. Regardless, both versions were moist and very appealing. The zereshk polo we ordered with the kabobs was also well cooked, and laced with a generous amount of barberries.
Finally, the rosewater ice cream, with pieces of pistachio, showcased the fragrant, delicate taste of rosewater exceedingly well. We were stuffed by the time the ice cream hit the table and downed the bowl all the same.

Second, the owners couldn't have been more charming. The party at the table next to us was at TK for an anniversary celebration, and TK's owners went out of their way to help the celebration along. TK's owner later told me that the couple being honored-- as well as their children-- had been coming to the restaurant for years. The owner was clearly very fond of her customers, and they reciprocated the feeling.

Finally, TK is located in a strip mall that includes Planned Parenthood, a vegan-friendly pizza place, gelato, and 24 hour drive-through Mexican. Perhaps you're the type that only likes fine dining. I personally have found that some of the best food around comes in unassuming strip malls with eclectic neighbors.

In all, I'm glad my impulse to seek out Persian food as soon as I leave the bay area guided me to Tasty Kabob. While I'm only in Phoenix once a year I'm sure I'll be back to this tasty eatery as many times as possible.
