IUTU_8qM7M8j9A1TbmMjYA Please give this place a try when you're making your next stop at Pita Jungle. This restaurant seems to be very underrated and overlooked. We went on a Wednesday night around 7:30pm and it was empty while Pita Jungle was packed. Just the two of us on the patio, which was very nice. The interior and atmosphere are great. Nice tables & chairs, candles, shelves with wine bottles and art, and a very nice bar.

An Iranian family owns the restaurant and cooks everything themselves. That's the first sign of a high-quality establishment. They were incredibly nice to us and brought us whatever we needed. They gave us some good suggestions, like their Iced Black Tea, which is fantastic. It has a few other elements to it including Lavender. They brought us extra pita when we ordered some appetizers as well without us even asking.

For our appetizers, we tried the hummus and the tabooli. The hummus was very creamy but a little plain. We wished there was more flavor or spice to it. Not a big deal. That was the only part of our meal that was not 5 stars, but 4 stars. The tabooli....ridiculous. I've never been a fan of tabooli. It usually has too much parsley. But their version was balanced perfectly.

For an entree, I tried the Chicken Shawarma and we split a side of Basmati rice with saffron. A huge plate of rice with great seasoning. The saffron and olive oil gave the fluffy rice great texture. The Shawarma was fresh and delicious. The chicken was cooked and seasoned nicely.

For dessert, we tried the Persian vanilla ice cream with rose water and saffron as well as the Baghlava. The ice cream was some of the best we've had. Great flavor. The Baghlava was a great complement to the ice cream. A nice sweetness from the honey and the flaky dough was great.

So in summary, great atmosphere, great owners, out-of-this-world food, and very affordable. Everything we had came to about $32. We will return many times in the future because their menu is very promising. Just wish their name fit the type of place that it is. The current name makes it sound like just another Middle Eastern restaurant, which it definitely is not.
