0cf-w9PK5gLkBkitL3bdqw I've edited my review from a 2 star to a 4 star and here is why: I've been here 3 times now and each time was different. 2 carry-out orders and one time we went in and sat and ate. The first time, the tikka masala was just okay. The second time, it was better, and the third time, it was perfectly made. I am not sure why you can get varying results from day to day but I wouldn't say the place was bad, just inconsistent at times. Its close to me so I will definitely keep going and trying new things. I had the chicken vindaloo once and gotta say I did not like it, but the owners and staff have all been very nice and friendly, and without asking she removed it from my bill. I left a large tip to compensate for it, it was nice for her to take it off, I had never had it before but wanted to try it, well at least now I know I don't like chicken vindaloo! The curry I have had twice, it's not bad, just always seems to be missing something. It is a bit of a pain that the basmati rice costs so much and is not included in the price of your meal, but this place is also not super expensive either so I guess that's fine, but they could just up the price of the entree and include the rice. I have tried the cheese naan, the garlic naan, and the plain naan- the cheese naan is my favorite, it made the bread really moist. The garlic naan was okay, I guess I don't like the ton of cilantro in it. The naan is the best when it is fresh, once I ordered carryout right before close, the bread was not fresh and was not very good. Not their fault though, I ordered pretty late. I also tried the beef biryani, gotta say did not like it. The rice was dry and the beef was chewy, not a good quality of meat. In fact, out of the beef, lamb and chicken I think the chicken is the best way to go, especially if it's the sauce-like dishes like the masala and curry, because then it's just chunks of chicken not the fat parts of the boney tendoney parts. The beef in the beef biryani I tried was really chewy and tendon-ey, and gave me the impression some of the meats are not good quality. But, can never go wrong with chicken breast! I have also tried the chicken tandoori, and again felt like the meat was not the best quality because it was very fatty and seemed like it had not been trimmed, with many bones and tendons. It had a good flavor and I like the onions with it, but wouldn't order again- between the bones and the fat it's very little protein. I also tried a meat samosa, it was just a fried dough ball with ground meat inside. did not enjoy it- there was nothing wrong with it let me say- the description said it was a fried dough balll with meat inside- it just had no flavor, just fried dough and ground meat/ It came with a green salsa-like sauce though, and that was good. In any case, even though they are inconsistent food-wise, this place is close to me and  I think it's great that it seems to be a family owned private business, and everyone there always is very nice. I am not sure why some people say they arent, i've never had bad service. If I want to drive to Tempe for really great indian food I will, but this place is close, family owned, and although they may be inconsistent at times is pretty decent overall.
