J9BmILDpV1Pr3GKU9XhjTQ The lunch buffet here is perfectly acceptable. 'OK' suits it. I hear that it's the best of the three on this block of Queen West, and it's super close to my apartment, so it seemed like a reasonable choice when I didn't feel like cooking the other day. 

The veggie dishes were solid - especially liked the channa - but when I went the aloo gobi was kind of a grotesque, mushy looking dried-up mass in the steam tray. So I passed on that. Spinach pakoras also good, although I prefer onion bhajis, but that's just a matter of taste. I need the greens anyway, I'm sure. They also had weird chicken pakoras that were more like General Tao chicken than any meat pakora I've had before. But... OK.

The meats were rather weak though. Beef was chewy and occasionally gristly, and the chicken a bit ... 'assorted.' Certainly not a big problem if you like dark meat in your curries, though. Doesn't really bother me if the sauce is good enough.

But I want to moan a bit about butter chicken. The butter chicken on the buffet here is not even as good as the one at Gandhi, but OK in terms of what butter chicken normally looks like here in Toronto. 

Yet I have unresolved issues with this, which I must vent. All the Indian places in town which I've tried seem to serve a butter chicken which is basically chicken bits in sickly sweet tomato sauce with a touch of spice. I'm used to having it made with tandoori chicken pieces in a thinner, more orange sauce, less sweet but more, well, buttery... I really miss this kind. (I couldn't tell if the one here was made with tandoori, but it may have been.) 

Alas, there is such a thing as regional variation, and perhaps I just haven't found the places serving the good butter chicken. Perhaps people around here have grown to enjoy this tomato-ey version, just as I have my orangey, buttery one. But in any case, on this particular lunch buffet, the butter chicken went from being my single favourite item - the one where I would cover my plate with the sauce and mop it up with naan - to being a dish that I didn't feel like finishing.

edit: I just looked through a few of the pictures here and the one of the buffet looks amazing. It certainly didn't look like that when I was there... seeing that photo though makes me want to give this place another try!
