jCNBZnkIFv_0omLVTgNR6Q You take the good. You take the bad. You take them both and there you have my mixed impressions of Pure Indian Cuisine. Only the bad isn't really bad. Simply a matter of my expectations being inaccurate.

I found a Groupon offer for Pure Indian Cuisine and saw that my Yelp friends had given it good reviews. So of course I had to try it. My Groupon offer was valued at $30 so I had to get a few items from the menu. Darn the luck. I tend to plan my adventures out so I knew going in what I wanted to try. I diverted from my path slightly. 

To start, I was brought the customary papadum and sauces. This was some of the best papadum I've had and the sauces were very herbacious and HOT. Well, not overwhelming but they woke up my taste buds.

On to my order, I knew for sure I wanted to try the homemade Indian tea, vegetable samosas and garlic naan. The tea and samosas came out first. I was expecting a hot tea. This was not hot. Nor was a iced. I suppose tepid is the right word. A tea with cardamom and milk. It was fine just not what I had in mind when I ordered. I was offered a refill but I declined. It wasn't necessary. The samosas were pleasing to the eye. A good size and crisp. Lets not forget hot and fresh too. The potato and pea filling was on the dry side so I spooned some of the leftover papadum sauce onto them. The naan came out with my meal.

For my entree I ordered chicken korma. I changed my mind from chicken jalfrezi which was a departure from the Punjabi chicken I orginally wanted. Either way I was getting something I had not tried before. The korma was a perfect choice. Indian food has such remarkable depth of flavor which is why I love it so very much. This was no exception. The sauce was rich and creamy with a subtle hint of nuttiness from the cashews. It was so soothing. And the chicken was tender. Of course I had to spoon it over the rice which on its own was stellar. Some of the best rice I've had any where regardless of cultural origin. Long grains of seasoned rice that I could make a meal of by itself. Finally the naan. I ordered garlic naan and there was no small amount of garlic on it. It was loaded. The bread thinner than I am used to. And more charred to crispy. Perhaps more authentic than the chewy pizza crust style I usually get. It was different but good in its own right.

At the end of the evening I spent $28 of the $30 voucher I had. Not bad. Plus I brought home some leftovers for lunch. Score. I got to see the planes taking off and landing. And I was called "dah-ling" by my waitress with the ever so slight New York accent. All in all it was pretty good meal that left me full and content.
