jCNBZnkIFv_0omLVTgNR6Q Surprising little gem! 

Walking into the downstairs of the building, you wouldn't guess what you're going to find in the upstairs. It's kind of shady feeling, and normally I'd have taken one sniff of the lingering cigarette smoke and walked out. However (and thankfully), once we made it upstairs and figured out that it was NOT in the hookah place next door, it was quite a relief to see an airy, clean restaurant space to walk into. 

There are big windows where you can watch the planes take off and land while you have your meal, and enjoy the sun (or lights). 

The food. Yes, the food. Definitely some of the best we've had in the city, especially for a very reasonable $12.00 lunch buffet. 

The salad fare was standard stuff. I wish I'd taken pics of the rest of the buffet, but I was too damn hungry to remember..LOL. 

After taking our drink orders, the waitress brought a combination basket of plain and garlic naan to the table, that was obviously right out of the oven. It was thicker/more doughy than I personally prefer, but still very good. I like it thinner so I don't fill up so easily, and also to sop up the sauces better. 
The palak paneer and butter chicken were the standouts for us. Perfectly creamy and lots of flavor. The spinach was slightly spicy, just the way it should be. 
The vegetable korma was also well flavored and not bland. The chicken tikka was rather dry, but the fresh batch they brought out was just fine. 

There were a couple of other chicken dishes that were tasty as well, but my favorite dish hands down was the curried goat. Lots of flavor layers and decent chunks of meat amongst all of the little bones. (why there always are so many in goat meat, I have no idea...I don't recall seeing micro goats with micro bones everywhere..lol).
That was really that only purpose for me to have any rice at all on my plate...just so I wouldn't lose that yummy sauce! 

Service overall was pleasant. Our water glasses were kept full, though we did have to ask for more naan, and it wasn't busy when we were eating. 

The rice pudding was good, nothing unusual though. The mango "custard" was very sweet, cloyingly so for me. I'd never had it before, and a woman diner warned me about the sugar and how it was more to be used in small amounts, like a dip . It was not custard like at all in presentation, more like a somewhat thin pudding consistency. Maybe that's standard, I don't know, but just throwing the discrepancy out there. 

Anyway, we found the place to be worthy of a review, and we will definitely return once I can risk the million calories again :-)

**UPDATE**:  Upon making a second trip here, I have to say I'm pretty disappointed. The quality of the first visit just wasn't there this time, and so, I'll likely continue going to Mt. Everest instead as they are quite consistent, and very accommodating there. My initial review was 4 stars here, and I've adjusted it down to 3.
