JIeEWpuNrvXsboLLtl1WGw "Booth is for 4 people", "ok", Buffet only, "ok"..

I am not a regular yelp reviewer. So don't take my words light.

Food is good. Chefs have really good talent in preparing the food with taste, authenticity and selection of varieties in buffet.

Now comes to the service. Why the hell on this earth would someone work for something if they don't or not willing to work. I went to restaurant on Sunday and i can hardly see one waiter in the restaurant.

People were already waiting to pay their bills in front of the kiosk and that waiter is standing towards the wall and don't bother to even take the payment from the customers.

Finally someone was roaming here and there and i went to him in middle of the restaurant and asked for a table. He didn't reply!..So weird!...i asked again. He pointed out a table with his index finger which was not cleaned yet. I said i want a booth. Voila!...finally he spoke saying "Booth is for 4 people"...Lol!..seriously is that the way you answer your customers?...Anyways i did math. There were 3 booths empty, it was 2:30, your restaurant closes at 3. And there was a group waiting to be seated which u don't bother. That group is of 10 people. So they not going to fit in a booth anyways. And i see few of the customers are done eating, so you have 3 more booths left if you want to seat any customers . So total 6 booths are available and you have 30 minutes time , because your restaurant closes at 3. After this big explanation he said. OK!...

I sat down...no water...no waiter..i see 3-4 waiters standing against wall just staring outside...not smile, i think they are all in pain....i wanted to ask if there is any problem but i thought it would be weird...finally someone came and gave us water. I asked if i can order from menu. He said sorry only buffet. That was weird too. If there is only buffet then put a sign outside saying "Buffet Only". Then he said OK i will take your order. He took my order.

I ordered 1 plate medu vada. No sign of this guy for 20 minutes. Other waiters were just roaming here and there no one cares no one talks no one collects payments from customers this is weird place. I went to restroom i saw 2-3 waiters there just standing inside the restroom.

Anyways my food came finally. And meantime i finished my water which they poured 30 minutes back. I want more water but no sign of anyone watching me. I have to get up my self and go near the kitchen where they stock up all water jugs, and pick up a jug and come back to my table and have that water. 1-2 waiters saw me doing this. no one cared to ask what i am doing though. The table beside me saw me and they also started to get up and get the water themselves from the entrance of the kitchen.

I got angry but i enjoyed seeing very strange people all at a time. It was funny for me. I was in a restaurant for nearly 1 hour and all i spoke or or heard is . "Booth is for 4 people", "ok", Buffet only, "ok". Only these 4 words. 

If you don't train your waiters then you should probably shut it down soon. Your food is awesome and hats off to chefs who are brilliantly bringing various authentic vibrations of south Indian foods to us. But never coming back!...

Finally they have dosa in buffet which comes to your table. And 90 percent of the people didn't know that. They only serve if u go to the waiter standing against the wall and ask "can i get dosa". Then he will bring it up for you. I saw he bought 3 dosa's for a table of 2. And 2 dosas for a table of 6 people. 0 IQ. All i noticed while waiting for my food. :P
