jte_XM9Zo7TX86jlKwq5gg It's been awhile since I've been to a restaurant where I had the pleasure of speaking somewhat extensively with the owner or chef. It's an aspect of dining out I've always enjoyed. Instead of the server flashing by and emitting a disingenuous "How is everything tasting?", we were approached twice by the owner Raj at dinner with specific questions about the dishes we ordered and if they were properly spiced. This is how I learned that this is one aspect of how Haldi Masala sets itself apart, by customizing the "heat" factor according to a customer's liking. We also discussed at greater length, in the break between entrees and desserts, the history of the six month life of the place, and what kind of place they wanted to create. This interaction felt more like being in a family's dining room than in a commercial place. And I'd have to say, it went a long way to confirming their assertion of a personalized, and flavorful dining experience. 

Three of us shared one appetizer, three entrees, an order of naan, and two desserts. The cauliflower appetizer, Gobi Manchurian, was cooked, breaded deep-fried flowerets in a thick tomato and onion based sauce not unlike a Mexican salsa in appearance. That was where the similarity ended. The combination of spices, sauce, the soft and chewy/crispy tongue shui of the vegetables made for an original expression of cauliflower. Our entrees included a Shrimp Byriani, a baby goat dish in a heavy curry sauce, and a chicken dish mixed with bread and rice and a curry sauce. Again, our server queried us thoroughly about our spice thresholds and tastes, and the results were perfect. The sauces in each of these dishes were, for me, explosions of flavors I'd never tasted, not like an expected yellow, red, or green curry. In short, wonderfully orchestrated. The Byriani was also blessed with a smaller amount of sauce, perhaps a little too much rice, and a fairly skimpy shrimp presence. But an orange curry which made for happy taste buds.

The absolute standout dessert here is the sweetened shredded beet. Presented in a fist-sized ball in a bowl, it had the flavor and texture of a chocolate cake. What a delightful surprise. The other dessert was a sugary clear broth with 5-6 tiny creamy and crispy balls, Gulab Jamoon. Light, refreshing and sweet.

As stated, service was appropriately attentive, not overbearing, and very genuine. Dinner for three with no drinks, and tip was around $20.00 per person. So my first experience here was that of experimenting with new Indian dishes, new flavors, and an overall great value. And I have a feeling there are many more nice surprises to be had with this original and new menu. I hope that Madison will embrace Haldi Masala, a warm and welcoming place.
