jxl1GXU0MI6DJSbh9907sg After several years of abstinence from Indian food, I thought a visit to Jewel of the Crown would give me warm fuzzies all over. I was expecting a rush of passion that you get from food affairs, but instead of being overcome with flavor, comfort, and satiation my vegetarian meal left me feeling unsatisfied and underwhelmed. 

I will try not to repeat that word too many times in this review. However, my vegetarian meal was indeed underwhelming and I did not take the leftovers or bother ordering dessert.

Service was A+ but food averaged to a B- because the hearsay I have about the meat raises the grade. Meat was seasoned exceptionally. If you're a carnivore, I suggest you order mixed kabobs ($20) for a sample of lamb, seafood, chicken, etc. Kebabs were served vertically suspended over chutneys and yoghurt and their presentation was more appealing than anything else on the table.  

Yes, you heard right. A display of hanging meat looked better than anything on the table.

For me, flavor seemed to come from only the chutneys. One red, which was mild and tasted like tamarind; the other green and spicy with cilantro and other herbs my tongue couldn't recognize. In fact, chutney saved the meal. We ordered a third chutney, mango ($3 - not worth it), which isn't made in-house. It is overly sweet with chunks of candied fruit. Unimpressive. 

Samosa appetizer was served with a spoonful of chana. The breading was fried right and not too thick. Not spicy at all, so I slathered it in green chutney. 

Bharta Makni ($12) came in a hot pot with tea candle underneath and still simmering on arrival. The menu describes it as eggplant mixed with onion and tomatoes, but it was an unrecognizable pureed dish with mushy green peas mixed in. I could barely taste the spice so I slathered it in green chutney.

Vegetable curry was served chunky but with all starchy veggies and I quickly lost interest.

Unfortunately having an underwhelming meal leaves my mind to wander. I began annoyingly verbalizing comparisons to other restaurants. Minute details which I would usually ignore became bothersome: 
 
1.  Is this garlic naan? Really? Garlic?
2.  Where's the garlic? 
3.  Do you taste any garlic?
4.  Not worth $3. One, yes, but not three.
5.  This is the first indian restaurant where I haven't received a small plate of pappadum upon seating. 
6.  We have to pay for pappadum?
7.  Isn't naan suppose to be fluffy bread? 
8.  I remember naan being fluffy.
9.  This naan is flat on one side. It's like cracker texture. 
10. Where's the garlic?
11. I still don't taste garlic?
12. They don't even offer mints or licorice at the end. 
 
So, three out of five stars for Jewel of the Crown. 
Yes, I would go again, but not anytime soon.
