JYgoAQHdJWKPArQDvBEBng I'm so glad we took a chance on this place. This restaurant has been opened under several different names and has always served Indian cuisine. If I'm right this is the third iteration and it looks like they finally got it right. Now being run by a husband and wife team , we first stopped by for dinner on a Tuesday night having just finished a bit of shopping. I ordered lamb vindaloo and my wife had a vegetarian dish. We were asked how spicy we like our food to which we both responded the hotter the better. Well what a surprise ..there was actually a good bit if heat, but not so much that the flavors were masked.

Since that first visit we have been back for the lunch buffet on several occasions. Always plentiful and seems to have a nice rotation of items including a couple of deserts with at least one being gluten free.  This is definitely a notch or two above the other Indian buffets in the area.  Also the service is better than many ethnic restaurants in the area, our drinks are topped off regularly and table is kept clear, I know that doesn't sound like much but it is nice not to have to flag a wait person down . Just to give you a better idea of what to expect , we visited one time( Dosa night ,more about that in a moment ) and there was not a wheat free desert on the bar for my wife. The owner brought my wife a bowl of warm carrot halwa, lightly sweetened and one of the wife's favorites. He earned a lot of points that evening !

Now for the previously mentioned Dosa night. Every Wednesday night these light crispy crepes are served ( 20 varieties ) along with an abbreviated hot bar ,  with  a nice selection of  sauces for your dosas. The best part is the dosas are made to order. The waiter will ask for your selection from the menu and will bring you 4 at a time. Wednesday nights have become dosa night for the wife and I. At $10 each it is a bargain for dinner.   

So if you are in the area and looking for something other than ordinary chain restaurant.... This is the place.
