JYgoAQHdJWKPArQDvBEBng We have been to Aroma several times now, and I wonder if either the ownership or chef have changed, because our latest experience wasn't the best.

During our first visit, we were in the mood for a vegetarian meal, and started with the Paneer Tikka.  It was served on a sizzling platter with cabbage, onions, and peppers, topped with six good-sized pieces.  The paneer had great flavor from the tikka sauce, although I also enjoyed dipping it in the mint chutney that is served with the papadum.  We have since had this dish again, and it was a bit less flavorful.  More sauce is definitely needed!

We've tried both the Rasam and Special Dal soups.  The Dal is our favorite, as it has a delightfully complex flavor.  This soup is also pretty spicy (I would say medium-to-hot), so be warned!  The Rasam is less flavorful, and is both spicier than the Dal soup and saltier.  We have not repeated that one.

For our entrees, we've had the Dal Makhani, Palak Paneer, Aroma Mixed Grill, and Butter Chicken.  Their Palak Paneer has a deliciously creamy sauce, and it is full of paneer chunks.  The Dal Makhani is a great complement to the paneer if you are in the mood for a vegetarian meal.  The Butter Chicken has both a nicely flavored sauce and moist chicken.  Their Mixed Grill is similarly moist. 

My biggest complaint with their entrees is inconsistent seasoning.  We've asked for medium and spicy dishes, and we often get the same bland (i.e., non-spicy) meals.  This is even after we have assured the server we could take some heat.  I wish they'd apply similar heat to their entrees as their soups!

One of the most important parts of the meal is bread.  Here's where we've noticed a significant change.  On our earlier visits, the naan and roti were freshly made, warm, and really good.  On our last visit, both tasted like they had came from a package, and were barely heated.  

I'm not sure we'll want to return after our last experience.  What a shame, since we really liked this place!
