0cf-w9PK5gLkBkitL3bdqw I've only been here once, but it was an awesome experience. I'd definitely go back!

While my husband and I have always enjoyed Indian food, we haven't had a lot of experience with it in the past. Phoenix probably isn't really the best place for eating authentic Indian Cuisine, anyway. 

However, after living in Japan, they surprisingly had many Indian restaurants in our city that were owned by immigrants from different parts of India. We loved going to these places, and a bonus was that the employees always spoke English!! :P We also visited Thailand, which of course had many incredible Indian restaurants--definitely a good thing since they had a lot of vegetarian options! However, after eating all of this delicious curry and naam from abroad, we couldn't go back to what we were used to... I couldn't even eat the Japanese-style curry anymore.

Naturally, when we got back, I had the urge to eat some curry and naam... so I did a Yelp search to find the best Indian food in the area. Up came India Garden, which I was a bit surprised about because I've driven past it so many times and it didn't look like anything special from the outside. It doesn't look bad at all, but the name and the storefront are rather generic...

I'm so glad we decided to give it a try, though, because inside is awesome!!! They also have a decently-priced lunch buffet, but I hate buffets... I don't like other people breathing over or touching my (potential) food :P I might give it a try though, since they seem very clean at India Garden! Plus, it might be fun to try some new stuff.

We went here for dinner and loved everything we had. Unfortunately, we ordered too much and couldn't finish it all -- this is something I feel really guilty about. We took the leftovers though, but... it's just never the same reheated! :P However, next time we go, I know that the portions are pretty large!!! :) Their drinks were great too. We just had tea (I think... can't remember) but I believe they had a full bar. I can't really remember, though. The staff was also excellent, and it wasn't too busy inside. 

Overall, we had a wonderful experience here and would definitely go back!
