K4isdrdwV3GbI52Bv2Wq6g I had no clue what I was doing when I went to this restaurant!  I've only eaten Indian food a few times and this is Southern Indian food.  It is also vegetarian which is fine with me as I tend to not eat a lot of meat.

First off:  This place is clean!  I mean this place is spotless.  You seriously could probably eat off of the floor.  Wouldn't but could.  Also I think the staff is cute!  All these amazing men running around from table to table.  I had a groupon and you have to tell them upon entering (and the sign on the door will remind you!) but I don't think they treated me any differently due to that.  I think they did kinda laugh at us behind our backs because my 12 yr. old daughter and I had NO clue what the heck we were ordering and we wound up with plate after plate of food!  

There was seriously enough for an army and the whole thing came to about $40!  So I don't understand other people saying it's kinda pricey.  I think it's a great deal!  I loved the Onion Pakora.  I am gluten free and haven't been able to have onion rings often due to this.  Well, The Onion Pakora is a nice altenative.  I did like the tamarind sauce served with it but I took some home and they were even MORE amazing with my own Roasted red bell pepper garlic aoli!

We also had Sambar Vidai, which is a lentil dumpling kind of with a stew type sauce.    It was good!  We also got Paneer Pakora (Fried cheese) which neither of us cared for.  Then a Cheese Masala Dosai, which honestly we took home and I fed my daughter for lunch the following day as she LOVED the Masala.  We also took home a coconut Uthappan, which neither of us cared for.  

My daughter loved the Batata Vada deep fried potato balls covered in chickpea flour.  It was actually a bit spicy for me but she ate them up!  Yeah, I said we ordered way too much food for the two of us.  We actually ate a few more meals out of the left overs...and the waiter was very gracious about not teasing us.  I think he was awesome!

Service was fast and great!  I think I would go back and just get onion pakora and an order of Sambar Vadai and call it way more than enough!  If you are ready to try something new I suggest giving them a try!
