KCxdy3cm7H0jXnDhhPvBYw If you know me you know I've been to a lot of restaurants and food trucks. So when I say this is the best Curry I've had in North America, and the best food truck I've ever eaten from, you know I'm either on acid, or dead right. Or more likely, both.

When I see this food truck, I start doing "India on Cartwheels" in my mind. And I let out a few "India on Squeals." I brought my friend Remington here, thinking it was "India On Steele's." And if it were referring to my guy friend from Hyderabad who is currently dating my girl friend from Cardiff, it'd be "India on Wales." Ahem.

What to get: Large Chicken Tikka Masala (spice level 1-10) for $5.50.
Why: It's the best curry in North America, and I've had at least 57% of them.
You're lying: Yes, I'm horizontal in bed right now because I'm full to the brim of IoW curry.
So they how are you going to get to the gym today: You're going to have to curry me out.

Seriously, if you only eat 1 thing in Pittsburgh, let it be this. They open from around 11 to 6 each day (shorter hours when school is out, sometimes), parked on Bigelow about 2 blocks north of the Cathedral Of Learning. There's a new one over by Carnegie Mellon too, haven't been yet.

I've sent and taken many people here now, and the *majority* think it is one of the best curries they've ever had. Including people who have lived in and visited England and/or India. So I'm not crazy. I get requests to drive it all the way back to Buffalo most times I'm here.

The prices are ridiculously low. It's silly. I mean, they're basically giving these amazing curries away. The Samosa Chaat is good, the Mango Lassi not so good, but it's the curries that win the world universe galaxy curry contest. Chicken Tikka Masala is *the* one. It tastes a lot like the curries over in England (British Indian is a cuisine all unto itself, invented by Indian immigrants, and perhaps the most delicious genre of food you can get in the UK... and we all do). It would actually be one of the best ones in London, Birmingham, Manchester, or even Bradford. Except that it's in Pittsburgh.

Don't leave it out of the fridge for too long, or it'll be "India on Congeals." And be grateful it's served over rice and not "India on Oatmeal." If you eat so much of it that you get super tall, I'll call you "India on Shaquille." And if you want to turn me on while eating it, try "India on High Heels."

The people of Pitt just don't know how lucky they are to have this truck here. I drive 4 hours from Buffalo just to have it, on a bi-monthly basis. Not that I'm bi, but I would be, if that was the only way to scarf down this curry regularly.

However, one caveat is that not everyone will like it. If you're used to "Indian Indian" over British Indian, or if you are used to the Americanized crap (sorry), then this might not be your cup of tea. It's a matter of taste. If it's not your cup of tea, we can't be friends anymore. (Joke) (Sort of). Some of the negative reviews here are actually clearly from people who were expecting Americanized crap, and "don't get it." It's their loss, really.

Another caveat, and my only complaint, is that while they're lovely people, in some of their online responses... I'd advise them to be a little more "kissy-assy", one might say. I sent a friend here, and her experience was not great. I wish the responses to her review had been more gentle, less confrontational. An argumentative response to a negative review is so much more off-putting to potential customers than the review itself. If they ever remove those responses and start being suck-ups ;) then I'll remove this paragraph. I just want them to be loved by all the way I love them, for the *incredible* food.

Service: amazing. The owner is a wonderful guy, and has even stayed open late for me on several occasions, I'd call from Ohip and tell him I'd be 20 mins later than closing. No problem. Wow!

If you get it on a Sunday, it's "India on Steelers." And if your banana just un-peeled itself, then "India on Repeel." With these prices, it's more like "India on Great Deals." Or "India on Steals." I might make a movie about this truck: "India on Reels." Or it might turn me into one of those shirtless studly Bollywood guys, so my nickname could be "India on Sex Appeals."

And if you eat more than 1 thing in Pitt, you may also want to try the Rib Eye Taco at Las Palmas (on Brookline), and the Gyro from Greek Gourmet or Gali's, as well as the steak sandwich at Gaucho, and the Old Bay - Wet wings at Bob's Big Shot. But if it's just 1 thing... let it be this Chicken Tikka Masala. Believe it.

Anyway I've been rambling too long, I feel like I've given you the whole "India on Spiel."

And if it were referring to how most Indians imagine themselves hooking up with Jessica Biel (or any one of her sisters), then it'd be "India on Biels."

Whereas if it were about how emotional I get when I eat this spectacular, incomparable Chicken Tikka Masala, it'd be named "India on All-The-Feels."
