0dk-dAoHqyBu_BENgR1ESA right, i've been back to try the food and just wow!  definite 5 stars from me!!

Jenny L and i arranged a girl date so we could dine and drink and belatedly celebrate her new job and what better place the Mithas.  from the moment we walked in til the moment we left the service was impeccable and the staff so friendly and helpful.  i love the design of this place, dark work with splashed of bright colours!  the tables are set a good distance apart so you don't feel like you are on top of the people dining next to you but there is still a good atmosphere and buzz from the room.

the menu is well laid out, with a few set menu/tasting menu options and also an a la carte menu to choose from.  we went a la carte ordering the scallops and crab cakes for starters and a lamb curry and roasted duck dish for mains.  (i apologise as the names of all these dishes is long forgotten!! thankfully not the taste though)  before our starters arrived we were treated to a little mug of spicy tomato soup that was delicious and warm if a wee bit on the spicer side for me.  

starters arrived in good time and the scallops came in their shells with a delightful sauce and the crab cakes with a nicely dressed side salad.  we spilt everything and i have to say it was all delicious.  the crab cakes especially as they were full of crab and really well blended spices that were both warming while also giving a slight kick at the end.  they were washed down well with our cocktails.  mains arrived next and were just outstandingly good.  i've eaten a lot of curries, but these were just so above anything i'd tried before.  the spices were well blended and so flavourful the duck and lamb was super tender and everything just made my mouth happy with a palate of spice, warmth, and general deliciousness.  although we were getting full, we did struggle to eat the majority of the meal because neither of us wanted it to go to waste!  also we managed to squeeze in dessert, jenny the poached pear and me the seasonal dessert of warm chocolate cake with liquid centre.  all delicious with cinnamon and hazelnut ice creams.

overall an incredibly amazing meal!  the prices are a bit higher than you'd pay for a normal indian, but well worth it.  i cant' wait to go back!!
