kKV5AUq5hdE-K7Z_pssgxQ Like many other men before me, and despite lessons learned from dates gone wrong in the past, I give the guy who ditched me at Twin Fish a second chance to redeem himself. (if you want more deets, please read my Twin Fish Review). 
June 11, 2015. The man date has been set for 130pm at The Taste of Punjab.  Punjabi Cuisine?? Heck yea!!!
Chips B is punctual as usual. 
Enter restaurant. 
First Impressions, Nice interior decor. Looks newly renovated and clean.
The place had approx 10 customers in wait. Fast service. Expect ten to fifteen mins. 
No man date in site. 
135pm, no man date in site. 
140pm, no man date in site. Damn I wish this place had a Liq Lic. Lol. 
145pm,, "Hey Benny, how are you doing?".  Omg he actually showed. (Quick reminder to all Yelpers out there who don't know the background behind this man on man meeting. And by man on man I mean,,,,,,, let keep it clean perverts!!!!). This is a platonic meeting of two men to discuss a potential business op while having lunch,,, that is all!! 
Lol. 
It turns out that my my date has a rapport with the ownership of the establishment. Good. Introductions are made, hands are shaken and our order is placed. Order:  Two Veg Samosas, Veg Biriyani, Fish Curry (hot)  and one Karahi Paneer (mild). Now if you take a close look at my pics, you will see that the entrees are not overly soaked in Ghee/Clarified Butter. I think of that as a positive aspect as I am turned off by a thick layer of ghee on my Indjain noms. 
Verdict:  To start I had two Veg Samosas with Chutney and Sweet sauce.  The Samosas were done right. Drained of oil properly. The filling had a perfect balance of potato, spice to veg mix. Combine it with the two sauces and wow wee.  Flavour explosion. I loved it. I ate both of the Samosas myself.  Oink Oink.  The Karahi Paneer:  a mix of veg, Indian cottage cheese, spices with the flava flave of Karahi. Combine this dish with the Roti/toris and bam!  Should have got hot.  Lovely dish. I ate every last piece. The Veg Biriyani was unlike any other I have ever tried. Keep in mind that I have never tried Punjabi Style Biriyani.  This was the an excellent accompaniment to the Karahi and Fish Curry. Yum yum yum. Now to the Curry Fish. The gravy was perfect. Not too ghee'yee. Lol. Just right. My only boohoo was the amount of fish in the dish. I wish there was more but I can honestly say that the chef saved me from an intense cardio workout.  Now to sum it all up, this was my first visit. I must now conduct recon missions to check for consistency. Lol. Oh believe me I will. For now I give a three star rating with a tentative yum, nom nom, yum verdict. I must dig deeper into this cozy, clean and delicious resto to finalize my ratings. Yelpers, try this place out, tell me what you think. Stephanie S, get yer butt over there and give it a spin and tell me what your taste buds say. Lol. 
Peace out Yelpers.
