KPSaUzlYg4JLVbzrbA23uw Whoa, what a concept. Junk/comfort food fused with traditional Indian flavours, holy Hera!

I've been creepin' on Ricks Yelp page pretty hard (no but like a stalker, for real) for some time now, I'd heard the hype about his good eats from TV, the news and then more recently as a supplier of gourmet samosa's to other local restaurants - Mac'N Cheese, in a Samosa #blessed!

Today, I happened to be in an area of Brampton/Mississauga where there really is nothing to eat and upon scoping Yelp I realised it was a mere 2 km from my meetings. Pretty tough luck when a 5-star spot like this is the only and best option in your area, it's like saying all you have are million dollar bills, darn it!

I cruised in and scoped the menu, duuuuuuuude. What? Butter chicken mac'n cheese? Punjabi cheeseburgers? Masala Fries with or without Chaat? Phewwwwwww *snaps fingers together*

Service was super helpful and recommended that as I first timer I had to do the Punjabi Cheeseburger with Masala Fries (just regular fries sprinkled with Masala seasoning). Done, easy! Cost - not important, maybe $12-15, I don't remember.

Waited for a short time for my order to be made fresh and when it came I was beyond excited. I unwrapped the burger and the familiar fragrant Indian spice smells hit me like a ton of bricks. Amazing. The first bite was equally awesome, the taste and combination of cheese, bacon, beef and Indian spice blend was outstanding. A truly one-of-a-kind burger experience in terms of creativity and flavour.

My one critique was in the presentation and sogginess of the burger bun. My burger had only gone from the kitchen to my tray to my table, yet the bun was soggy either from over steaming or grease and was basically smashed together. I was hungry and the flavours, as I've said, were on point, so I wasn't going to complain about aesthetics, but as a word of constructive feedback, the burger should look as good as it tastes (when possible) especially so for customers who are dining in. All bets are off if you take out.

As someone else mentioned, the french fries bore a resemblance to the crispy battered Kirkland brand french fries you can purchase from COSTCO. They may not have been but the taste and texture were exact. The fries were a real let down for me both in that they were not fresh and that there wasn't even a hint of masala flavouring on them. Fries are not why I came here but as a side, they should have and could have been executed a bit better to round out this tasty meal.

Overall, I give the flavours and smells of the burger, the friendliness of the staff and the concept 4/5 but have removed 0.5 for sogginess of the bun/presentation of the burger and 0.5 for the bland not-so-masala-masala-fries. Neither of which are major issues and I'm more than happy to add a full star back on my next visit when I try some of their other delicious sounding treats!

Eatcrest Out!
