KUf4XRy81XMJdY4Pjb27PQ I am a big fan of North Indian/Himalayan cuisine. I go back and forth on whether that or Ethiopian food is my favorite (try that too if you haven't, there's one up in East Cleveland). I am always on the lookout for restaurants serving those cuisines, especially when I'm traveling.
Everest Restaurant is in the location of what used to be Raj Mahal. I ate at Raj Mahal a number of times and the food there was always decent, serviceable though not something I'd necessarily recommend unless someone was in the area, and even then I'd have to give the edge to the Saffron Patch, which is nearby.
I had an appointment at Western Reserve Hospital and it was around lunch time when I got out so I was looking for somewhere to eat in the area. I probably would have gone there even if it was still Raj Mahal but when I saw the restaurant had changed names and management, I was curious to try it. That was the right choice. The food was damn good, comparable to Indian restaurants in some of the bigger cities I've been to. I ordered my Chicken Korma at a "hot" spice level and it was perfect for someone who likes spice but also grew up in the Midwest - hot enough that you could feel it but by no means overpowering. They offer a hotter spice level for people who like their food extra spicy but for me, I think I found the sweet spot.
The prices are about on par with what I'm used to paying for Indian food so I figured the value would be too...until I got home and saw the portion that they had given me. I tend not to eat a lot of food in one sitting (and usually take some home with me) but I've found that a lot of Indian restaurants give you relatively small portions for what you're paying. Which hey, is alright if the food is good. In the case of Everest though, it's good and they give you a good-sized portion.
There's maybe one other Himalayan restaurant in the Akron/Falls area that I go out of my way to go to (I'm looking at you, Nepali Kitchen) but I can see Everest becoming a regular after-work stop, even though it's about a 15- or 20-minue detour for me. Especially because I want to try their Nepalese offerings and see how they compare to the Indian food.
