KUf4XRy81XMJdY4Pjb27PQ Akron is fortunate to have a recent influx of immigrants from Nepal and Bhutan, and this replacement for the old Raj Mahal restaurant is a welcome new neighbor in the Falls.  Although Raj Mahal's food was pretty good, Everest has raised the bar.  For what it's worth, some friends and I have patronized both businesses several times.

Many of the Indian items from Raj Mahal's menu have remained, and the quality of the food is every bit as good or better.  My better half loves their vegetable biryani and is impressed by the subtle addition of whole cardamom pods and cloves.  

I think it's worth noting that Everest has really improved the facility when compared to Raj Mahal.  We had eaten frequently at the former restaurant over a period of a few years, and the place steadily deteriorated over time.  It quickly became run down, then got pretty dirty in its final year of business.  Everest may not be elegant, but it is consistently clean, and the facility has been upgraded a bit.  Service is also better, and the gal who is our usual server is always gracious, friendly and informative. 

Like Raj Mahal, Everest doesn't sell wine, although they do offer beer.  However, they allow you to bring your own bottle and will provide wine glasses. A small corkage fee is charged, but it is insignificant.  FYI- according to Internet searches, pairing Indian food with wine seems to be a challenge.  Trust me, a dry rosé is usually a perfect choice.  For a real treat, try a sparkling rosé.  (You may thank me later!)

Last but not least, I've started to try the Nepali dishes.  One reviewer referred to them as a fusion of Indian and Chinese- a pretty good description.  Even so, the differences make for a pleasant surprise.  If you're unfamiliar and a little wary, then try the chow mein on the Nepali menu.  Don't be surprised if you never do the Chinese style again.  

However, I just tried the Chicken Thali recently-  a combination of Nepali dishes.  Every last item was delicious.  I ordered mine with a spice/heat level of what I call "1 Plus"- a little spicier than "mild."  It included a salad (some raw veggies & a spicy Nepali pickle), a fantastic chicken entree in a tomato-based sauce, a potato and cooked vegetable dish, basmati rice, flat bread, and rice pudding for dessert.  

The most delicious item in the combo was the dal-  tasty lentils that are usually the same wherever you go.  On this occasion, however, they used dal makhani, which you can find in their Indian menu as an entree.  Dal makhani is lentils gone upmarket: butter and cream have been added.  Forget the calories and ORDER this: -Pure Nirvana!  Saying that I was full is a serious understatement.

Now- if you want Indian food in a more posh setting with high prices and so-so service, you can find it five minutes away.  On the other hand, Everest may not be fancy, but the food is amazing, and in my humble opinion, a real bargain.  Just GO- and for God's sake, try the Thali.  Add a good friend and a Spanish or French rosé (under 10 bucks at Aldi) and turn supper into an event!
