0DyDT4NJNaIuDpT7nTIjxg Visited Chaupaati for lunch yesterday, after reading about their recent opening here on Yelp.

Tucked away in the Bi-Lo shopping center at the intersection of Park and Pineville-Matthews Rd, Chaupaati is the first "casual" Indian restaurant I've visited in the south Charlotte area. 

The restaurant is clean, modern and cozy, with a counter directly ahead as you enter for ordering your food. There are large flat-screens on the walls brightly displaying the menu items. Once you've placed your order, there is a small station to the side to pick up silverware, napkins, and small glasses for water. The restaurant is packed with tables, so there shouldn't be a shortage of places to eat even if you're there during a rush.

Bishal greeted me from behind the counter and took my order. He inquired if this was my first visit, and was very friendly and helpful. While Chaupaati sells a variety of authentic Indian street food (chaat), I had to go with my standard -  (non-authentic, I know) Chicken Tikka Masala as a first order. 

I was able to get a lunch portion for $3 less than the $11.99 dinner portion. When my food was ready, I initially thought the smaller portion might be too little, but it ended up being just enough food when paired with a full order of naan for just $2.

My order of CTM was very flavorful, although the gravy was more of a curry style tomato gravy with less cream than I've had in other preparations. I had no complaints though, it was still very tasty! The naan was okay, if a little more dry than I'd like, although once it was dunked in the gravy, it was perfect.

This is a great new restaurant with very friendly owners and staff. There seemed to be a few "regulars" in there already even though they've only been opened a short time. The only thing I could honestly complain about, although it's trivial, is that I wish there were larger glasses by the water dispenser. I always drink water with my meals, and I drink a LOT. A six ounce glass just doesn't cut it for me, so I ended up filling up two at once, and still made a couple of trips.

I'm excited for this new addition to south Charlotte's restaurant scene. I always feel like so many Indian restaurants are buffet-only at lunch and/or are simply too formal for me to drop in by myself to eat at lunch without feeling a little uncomfortable. While my husband loves Indian food, a number of my friends don't (which is truly unfortunate) so I'm usually a solo diner at lunch during the week. I'm glad to have a casual go-to for Indian fare and look forward to more visits in the future!
