KVwV03I-APnUlAWmnz__gw Spice Hut is a smaller grocer that sells South Asian foodstuffs such as fresh fruits, vegetables, refrigerated food, frozen food and dry foods specific to the countries of India, Nepal, Pakistan, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh, Afghanistan and Maldives.  Also inside the market is a café that prepares and serves food to go or to dine in.  

The grocery side of the store, which comprises three long aisles, has a large variety of South Asian foods in a surprisingly small space.  I saw some things on the shelves that I have not seen in other grocers in the east valley and a variety of frozen foods that includes most of the more popular regional cuisines.  There is a large selection of snack foods, large bags of various types of rice, 20# bags of different kinds of flour, dairy items and sweet treats too.

The restaurant side of the store serves tasty food out of an inside walk-up counter with a dining area that has four small bistro style tables.  Outside there is a nice paved, shaded patio with about 10 tables that faces McQueen Road.  I was told a cooling system is in the works and will be added for additional comfort for patrons choosing to dine al fresco.

The food served is a little bit different from traditional northern or southern Indian styles as they use the term "From the streets of India, focused on spicy and tangy tastes."  Call it what you want, the food is flavorful, balanced in spice, and freshly made - after all, the ingredients for most of the food prepared in the kitchen is only a few feet away on a shelf!  

Being familiar with East Indian food, but not proficient enough to recite the difference between pani puri and a dahi puri (or pronounce it properly), I had to ask what some of the ingredients were as well how they were prepared.  Currently the menu consists of a dry erase board with hand written entrée offerings but has no descriptions or prices.  However, the staff was friendly and patient in explaining ingredients and preparation styles as well as their method of assembly.  Currently, the entrées range in price from 4 to 7 dollars and are ample in serving size and portion.
 
I was told that the restaurant has only been open for a little over two weeks, so I suspect things such as a typed menu with descriptions and prices, a larger beverage selection and décor on the walls is in the works; perhaps even a picture menu too!  Despite these shortcomings, the food is worthy enough of a visit for a quick and casual fill-up, or get take out for a night free of cooking or heating up the kitchen.

Overall Rating: 4 Stars
Food: 4 Stars
Service: 4 Stars
Cleanliness: 4 Stars
Atmosphere: 3 Stars
Price/Value: 4.5 Stars
