kzqx6Z2sse8PV3hVCVEw4g AWESOME FOOD & SERVICE - REASONABLY PRICED.  While I am not a huge Indian fan, I AM NOW this place EXCEED ALL EXPECTATIONS.  Our starter was the Eggplant  - it was perfect texture and the brown soy sweet sauce was out of this world - seriously - I'm actually craving it right now.  Next up chick pea ceavecha with crispy wavers - was also dead on - reminded me of a pumped up salsa and the chick peas - again perfectly cooked - amazing flavor.  So at this point I'm sold and then bam - tandoori chicken wings - holly smoke - amazing sweet smoky sauce and best part - NO grease - really quality pieces of wings and drumsticks.  We also had the little rack of lamb app - again - cooked perfectly, wonderful lamb flavor - not too strong - just perfect and presentation was beautiful green rosemary lightly sprinkled on top.  Flatbreads - veggie and chicken - again, flavors were out of this world - cheese was mild, veggies tasted perfect.  Our large group's favorite was the curry - I thought my colleague was going to lick the bowl it came in - it was a bit embarrassing.  Oh and our youngest member of the group got chicken fingers - which were made in house and came with NO grease and lightly breaded.  It made me realize the importance this place puts on the QUALITY of the food.

Shout out to a great server - JEWELS - who really is a precious jewel in his own right and as the girls at the table said with some serious good looks too.  They loved his smile - and his dark hair and eyes.  He was very attentive, earnest and always asking if we needed anything at perfectly timed spots in the meal.  He made sure we  we had what we wanted and we had a good time.  HIs recommendations were dead on too - especially with the wine which they have quite a selection.

The decor is really cool - I loved the green wine bottle wall.  Seems like something I'd see in NYC or LA.  It's very hip - love the color - it really sets the mood.  That's the other thing -  it has a bar - and that definitely gives it a bit of an edge.  The bar was packed - and they had a henna artist - who was giving Katy Perry like henna on hands and arms.  

Someone in our group said this was "Modern Indian".  Everyone in our group said they'd never been to a place like this before and were REALLY IMPRESSED.   So if this place is Modern Indian - sign me up!!!  I am in LOVE with the food, flavors, service, decor.  Best part - is when our waiter told us nothing was over 500 calories.  It was like the music stopped and everyone turned to look at him - HOW COULD THAT BE???  Typically more flavor = more calories.  But I actually believe them because I'm writing this the morning after our meal and I feel terrific - none of that morning hangover from eating too much.  

Bottom-line - best damn Indian I've ever had and actually converted me to be able to say - yeah - I LIKE INDIAN - MODERN INDIAN FOOD!!!
