kzqx6Z2sse8PV3hVCVEw4g My boyfriend and I were planning on going out for dinner. He was in the mood for Indian, so I looked up reviews on Yelp. I liked the fact that the menu options at Bombay Spice were trimmed down to make them healthier than traditional Indian food. Sure, they might not be considered "authentic" because they have cut down on cream, ghee, and butter, but the spices and flavors that make the dishes Indian are there. The menu also has vegan, vegetarian, and gluten-free options.

I really liked the "Create your entrée" menu where I could customize my own dish. You choose a base (white rice, brown rice, quinoa), sauce (curry, korma, spinach, tikka masala, vindaloo; choose mild, medium, or hot), and an ingredient (vegetables, vegan chicken??, chicken, lamb, seafood (shrimp or fish). I had quinoa with korma (mild), and chicken. My boyfriend had quinoa, tikka masala, with chicken. Both dishes came with a papadum crisp and four small naan wedges. He also ordered a mango lassi to drink. Both dishes were delicious - perfectly seasoned as ordered, flavorful, and cooked just right - the chicken was tender and moist. Portion sizes were generous; I only finished half and packed the rest for leftovers.

Although it seems that other Yelp users had a negative experience with regards to service, our server was prompt and attentive, but not overbearing. In contrast to some reviewers, I do not feel it is necessary for servers to ask if we like our food. I'll call my server if there's a problem. I think it's more important for servers to try and avoid interrupting too much when people are dining out and socializing with one another, but I digress. Our server did, indeed, ask how everything was, and we each expressed our enjoyment of our meal.

We went later on a Saturday evening (about 7:30 pm), and although it was fairly busy when we arrived, we had no issues with seating or server availability. Our order was taken promptly and arrived before too long. 

Overall I was very pleased with this restaurant and I'd bring guests there again.
