0DyDT4NJNaIuDpT7nTIjxg I live in the country we traveled about 25-30 minutes to eat here based off of reviews online. 
We were starving after a 5 hour kayak trip today, and wanted something delicious, and Indian was calling our names! 
Located in a small shopping center it was pretty easy to find, and there is plenty of parking. 
When you walk in don't do what we did and look like idiots wondering around. Go to the counter, order, and pay. 

Then pick up your plates, and a glass of water.  

I  wanted to try something new, so I asked the waiter pick something for me. He was actually super funny, and asked me several questions to see what I would like,  and gave me two suggestions, and I had him pick. 

I normally get chicken tiki marsala, but I Took a chance and it was awesome! 

 I'm actually not even sure what I ordered but I did post pictures. 

 As far as the vibe goes it's pretty casual, and kept clean. No need to get dressed up. 
 Also, I think you clear your plates too... Or at least we did. 

Bathrooms were clean too which is important for us ladies! 

We went on a Sunday evening and it was packed. Lots of families coming for a meal. I'm not sure if that's a regular thing, I have some so it doesn't bother me to hear kids being kids. 

Just a heads up Sunday night was not romantic date night lol. I liked the feel, there were a lot of regulars, and the wait staff seemed to remember them. This speaks volumes for the customer service here. 

We also ordered this little leaf thing called a paan. I suggest you try it, keep and open mind, they are 2.99, and you can share one. Just do it!! YOLO!

The only thing I have to say that was negative... If this is even negative, was that the TV was too loud, but I really didn't care to listen about politics while eating. I would've much rather heard some Indian pop music. 

Pricing was pretty good too. We got four dishes, and two sides of Naan, and spent 60 bucks. The food  was so good we bought dinner for tomorrow. I got our waiters other suggestion for me, and I'm so excited to have it tomorrow. With all that quality food our ticket was only 60. That's not too bad if you ask me. The portions were huge, we finished our plates.  
So in closing, check this place out it is well worth it, and order food for the next day like we did!! 

** To the owners**

You all have a fantastic establishment, the employees were helpful, and kind. The pretty young girl behind the counter was sweet, and our waiter who was a young guy from Nepal gave us the best customer service we have had in awhile at a restaurant. 
Your cooks should be winning awards! The dishes we had were by far our favorite of any places we have tried in the state thus far. 

We shall be back!
