ld0max-y0Uba4gUDC9c4Yg I tried this place on a whim a few days ago and I'm sold! 

Bombay Chowpatty dishes up snacks, and for some, meals you'd find on the roadside in Mumbai. The everyman snack that is fingerlicking good when done right. I know an Indian restaurant has it figured out when it's comparable to what I've had in the motherland. The store is on the North-West corner of the intersection, and you'll be hard to miss it with the vast number of Indian & Canadian flags fluttering upon the building. 

I've tried their other location at Islington in Etobicoke, although this location is much more of a sit down restaurant/dvd store and the other is more of a Bollywood video store selling Paan and beverages.

On my visit, I tried Chaat Papri and Dahi Bhalla($5 each), and Pista Thandai($3). A dish of Chaat Papri is made up of fried chips (not french fries) served under yogurt, chickpeas, potatoes, slices of green mango, tamarind chutney and some spices. The Dahi Bhalla is made up of fried lentil balls drowned in light yogurt, chutney with spices like cumin and pepper. Both were delicious and their servings, quite large. 

The pista thandai, when done right, is a lightly sweetened, milky, pistachio flavoured beverage. Mine however, was very slightly disappointing when compared to the delicious snacks, as it was very obviously made with ice cream, making it overly sweet. If you do like sweet drinks however, you may find that it tastes just like a pistachio flavoured milkshake. 

For those whose familiarity to Indian food begins and ends with Butter chicken, (Why so serious... with food?) don't be intimidated, for everything on the pamphlet-style menu comes with pictures and a highly accurate description. 
I will most definitely return here with my camera and an empty stomach. 

Tip: For those slightly allergic to nuts, I would certainly advise the staff/waiter about it, as you can't expect on which dish the nuts will appear. (I love nuts so it's a plus for me, but if you're highly allergic to nuts I'd probably forego this place altogether).

Woo! Review 1-0-0!
