LgqGDQsUurUh6qUocPeSsQ I would normaly put 4 stars, but i put the extra star to increase what it really is. 

In my opinion, we don't rate an Indian rate like you rate a French or Italian restaurant and the reason is that service is almost really really shitty. To make sure they won't have to learn the language (to some extension) they'll simply put numbers on their menu to facilitate the way the order is done. I've seen some indian-fusion (with French cuisine) restaurant being quite good at service but it's only because of the French effectiveness background).

This place gives you a real Pundjab (sorry about the spelling) cuisine experience. Family business this place is always packed with locals and indians foreigner which kind of give you a tip: If indian people wants indian food from this restaurant, it must be good!). 

So last time i went there, I was with my Friend and meeting his friend, wife and kid. We really had a good time, the service was really quick even if it did felt cold, I didn't take it for granted that I was suppose to feel welcome in a friendly restaurant. It's a family business, which mean, they probably work 6-7 days a week with a crappy salary. So I didn't take it for granted. It's not a huge place but it's really alive. There's a selection of IPA (made from a local brewery) and it is really good. I don't know the names of the stuff I've had there, since my friend knew what was good, he ordered (with his other buddy) for everybody. The apetizer that looks like a chip with a spicy but sweet sauce is awesome, If it would have been a bar, i'd have that with some pint of IPA all night long! 

One other thing I think it's important to mention: Damn it's cheap!
There's no place in Montreal where i'll have 2 pints of beer, 2 apetizer and 3-4 main plates and a small desert for 25-30$

Fun fact: when you get in, you see the wall is covered with some local celebrity and some international too that came there. If a restaurant can survive more than 30 years, you can bitch about it as much as you want, but it shows that this place works and people eat there.
