LI9sVHgnX-DzFyvWmPDRgA My very first visit to Guru could've gone wrong, terribly wrong.  After reading the numerous yelp reviews and seeing that they now take reservations, I immediately took advantage of it and emailed them my details.  

After I got off work, I noticed that the email bounced back, so I didn't have reservations after all.  AND when I did get there, their reception area was a madhouse, people everywhere, and a constant stream to replenish the ones being seated!

Majority of the people who were dining there, at least on a Friday night, were Indian, so I think it speaks for their authenticity.  Another tip off was the Indian man, seated next to me, who kept gushing, "Oh, this sambar is delicious!", "Just like Bombay", etc.

Anyway, here's the deal:  Unlike some of the reviews, service was actually PLEASANT.  They wait-time they estimated was accurate which was good!  Even though the host only scribbled the first 2 letters of my name, he actually didn't forget about me, another bonus!  Despite the hustle 'n bustle, all the workers seemed sweet, including the waitress.

Food:  Ordered Mysore Bhaji Masala Dosa + Pav Bhaji Dosa, both medium, off their "Creative Creations & Signature Dosas" section.  HONESTLY, after trying both of them, I couldn't really separate the 2 as there were only slight differences.  Both were good, although I remember liking the Mysore slightly more!  Medium spice left an indelible, slow-burn in my mouth - not a bad thing! :)

Menu:  Can be a bit overwhelming if you're not familiar with what these dishes are.  There is also various options of spice, oil, crispy level, and whether or not you want cheese (not authentic):  http://www.gurulukshmi.com/food.html

Portion Size:  Just the dosa as a main was enough for me!  Only water, no dessert.  I just wished that I had more space (or larger party) to share some of the apps, like idlys.

One more thing, I can't believe this place is veggie.  Carnivores, TRUST ME, you won't miss a thing!
