LI9sVHgnX-DzFyvWmPDRgA Went to this restaurant because of the amazing reviews on Yelp. Sad to say but I was very disappointed in the mediocre food but mostly the subpar service. 

Food
Pakoras- these were pretty good. Spicy and crispy. Comes with two sauces the mint and the coconut. Mint is delicious, coconut not so much. It tasted too sweet to eat with something savory and spicy. 

Poori with Vegetable Korma- Pooris were delicious, soft and fluffy, nice texture. The Vegetable Korma was okay, nothing life changing. 

Mysore Dosa- this wasn't necessarily bad but It was expecting more flavor given it had been endorsed by the Toronto Star. It was crisp on the edges and soft in the middle. Nice texture contrast. The filling i found was mostly potatoes. I was expecting the potato filling to be tastier. Basically the dosa was a potato mash with onions and green pepper stuffed in a crepe with 4 sauces to dip it in. The sambhar was the saving grace of this dish. It was full of flavor and spicy. The coconut and mint was the same sauce that came with the pakora. The last one Im not sure what it was, it looked like a tikka masala sauce but tasted like diluted spicy tomato sauce. 

Dessert- i didn't get to order one because the check was slapped on our table before I could. Which brings me to service...

We came at a tuesday evening at 7. Restaurant was busy but not full. We were seated and our orders was promptly taken which was a good start. Then it was down hill from there. Knowing we ordered two apps to share they didnt bother giving us plates. Fine, I'll eat off the plate then, luckily i was with my fiancé so we were pretty comfortable eating off one plate. Then the mains came while we were still finishing the apps. I finally finished my poori and stacked the plates on the side to make room for the gigantic dosa. No one cleared the appetizer plates from the table until i was halfway finished with my dosa. Unacceptable! Especially since multiple waiters passed by us ignoring the stack of plates. I had to keep calling their attention for more water or napkins. I would think that at a restaurant that serves mostly spicy food  they would make it a priority that their patrons stay hydrated. They should assign one of the waiters to make sure the whole restaurant has water. God knows there was enough waiters walking around aimlessly. They seem very disorganized. From what I observed from customers beside us... A waiter ask a diner who just ordered if she already ordered (clearly they dont communicate with each other) And the other waiter entered the wrong order 3 times on the family that sat next to us. The pièce du resistance was having the bill slapped on our table as I was still eating. Unbelievable! 

Long story story short... I would have to be really craving a Dosa to go back to this place and even then I would just do take out. The food is nothing life changing. I would go to Gurus at Heartland instead.
