LI9sVHgnX-DzFyvWmPDRgA This review is just for the customer service.I called today to make a reservation, the guy on the phone confirmed my reservation for 9:15pm cutting me off in between being very rude. My husband and I reached there 15 mins before our reservation and learnt from one of the employees yelling at the door they're running late. Rude again!! I get it's always busy there but it is busy because of us 'the people' who give you the business. Be kind to them. I finally managed to pass through the crowded waiting room outside to talk to front person who was seating everyone. I told him I made a reservation for 9:15 under the name of.. i'm going to sit in the car, please call me. He said thank you so much i will call you, without paying much attention to the list he had in his hand to double check and turned away. Well I went to the car waited for 5 mins and something in my gut said something is not right. I went again to the over crowded waiting room and a guy in front of the restaurant door ask my name, what time i called, whether i talked to a boy or a girl, and after asking more random questions told me their reception is closed after 5pm. My answer to that was, well your employee picked up the call and booked my reservation for 9:15pm. He kept quite and didn't say anything after. It was 9:30 and still waiting. I went to the guy to the same guy again and asked him whether my name is even written?!? He said NO. When were u planning on telling me?! He said I can seat u in at 10pm. Thats 45mins late than my reservation time!!! I finally walked out. Hungry and Angry! 

To the owner I have been a loyal customer of your finger licking food ever since you first opened your restaurant in the basement of a mall. When you were hardly known. You have managed to maintain the quality if the food however have forgotten to train your staff in customer service. They're obnoxious, rude and today I felt as if someone was doing me a favour by letting me eat at your restaurant 45 mins after my reservation!!

Truly disappointed and you did lose a loyal customer.
