LI9sVHgnX-DzFyvWmPDRgA me and my family visited this place not a clean place to visit not enough staffs and the food was more like gujarathi they need to hire Punjabi cook cause i know north ondian food when i taste one  cause i have ben living in India

issapointed  came in thinking a proper south indian restaurant but not clean at all the food and how we we served was dissapointing too
They need to improve if they want good customers to visit them..

We went to this place thinking it was an authentic one as i have lived  in india doing a project particularly in south. I found  this place more sri lankan than indian this seems to be the norm nowadays,all in the menu seem to be copied and pasted from other real south indian restaurants Now why do that be a proud sri lankan  and stick to sri lankan food rather trying to be someone else ? Very disappointed after tasting the food i am sure non in this establishment  even lived in india to know whats south indian food.  or may be i am biased!!!

Do we we really need to be Indian to cook authentic Indian food or Italian to cook Tasty authentic Italian food.!!!!

Oops the owner Guru of Gurulukshmi  is a Sri Lankan and his place does good dosas. so go figure it out......Rick N. Oakville, ON.. wow Rick went to 2 dosa places at the same time and same date
Ricks comment
wow i am back again in Mississauga one of the first thing i did is to visit my favourate Dosa place.I was not dissapointed the taste is the same  (owners cook of course) Its nice to see they have again  expanded the place looks fantastic.So now i believe more people can dine in...
Thank God Finally i can go with my family and friends to a proper south Indian vegetarian  Dosa Restaurant.i have lived in South India (Then Madras) so i know all about Dosas..
these guys have exceeded my expectations ...
They way they are running the restaurant is fantastic.Authetic  food is great Mouth watering and clean..ambience perfect and i heard they are expanding again to accomodate for big parties great so no more waitng still i recomend anyone who wants to go on weekends to reserve before you go..  
No need to put other dosa places down just because you own one.
Cheers!!!
