llQfDCKPXBW1-hSb_qUC-g We visited this Indian restaurant for their lunch buffet ($9), and came away with a positive experience. The yellow and red interior was large, dim lit, and good for groups. The buffet items were stacked in the back, followed by a bar area, TVs, booths along the perimeter, and tables located from front to back. 

Rice and vegetarian items, the meat dishes, chai, and a small salad and dessert bar culminated the buffet line. Both the White and Vegetarian Biryani were disappointing. The rice was overcooked, soggy, and had an unusual flavor. The Sagg was creamy, flavorful, could come with less grease, but still worthwhile. The Turka Dall came with a nice kick, and I really enjoyed the firm delicious Paneer that was worth the repeat. 

The Tandoori Chicken had a very pleasant smoke, and the meaty pieces came with great temperature without it being dried out. The Lamb Curry was also outstanding. The bulky pieces of Lamb were moist, flavorful, and of quality. The same could be said about the Chicken Tikka Masala. I loved the centrality of charred and smoky flavors that coupled with my vegetarian options to round out the taste buds. 

The Naan were not greasy, and the spongy textures were addictive. The dessert options were really lacking, and the Chai Tea was diluted without much flavor. For those looking for a spicy fare, I used cilantro chutney to add some unrelenting flavors to supplement the lack of heat across these dishes.

Despite the hits and misses, it was a nice discovery. Service was warm, friendly, and these practices were underscored by occasional drop off of fresh naan, and taking away our used dishes in a timely manner. Overall, the food was delicious and the quality of the meat met our expectations. The few limitations were the overcooked soggy Biryani, lackluster Chai, and options and flavors that catered to the conventional Western taste buds. Based on my experiences with other Indian restaurants in the area, this is one place that is worth of returning.
