Lp9p3CanKJdqRekIwRNJ7Q Inde Fusion is a newly opened restaurant in the Gainey Ranch Area of Scottsdale. Inde Fusion offers a blend of American, Italian, Asian, Mexican and Mediterranean dishes prepared with Indian Spices and Indian preparations. The atmosphere is very swank and attractive. It's roomy and comfortable and stunning lanterns accent the space.

If you drink hot tea you must order the hot tea here as it was one of the highlights of my visit. They bring you a glowing box of  high end organic teas for you to sniff and they get served in an interesting pristine clean vessel.

Not all but much of the food is served tapas style meaning small plates that you share. We shared two appetizers and split one lunch plate.

We started with salmon croquettes. These were absolutely delicious and were my favorite plate of what I tried for lunch. They were wonderfully flavorful and the raita sauce complimented them to perfection.

Next came Szechuan Chicken Lollipops. They had a very unique crisp oil free coating that I liked and it had some heat to it. The chicken was cooked nicely and got it's flavor from the crust. It would have been elevated if it came with a sauce that was like real Szechuan Sauce instead of the same raita sauce that the salmon croquettes came with. I note that this might have been an opening hiccup as the dish was described differently on the online menu.

After we finished with the Chicken Lollipops the Tandoori Chicken Sandwich arrives. It's a good size sandwich for splitting. It was ok but different from what I was expecting. Usually tandoori is marinated and very flavorful chicken that's seasoned with cayenne, chili, turmeric and paprika. We got a nicely cooked but plain chicken with a mint chutney on a very fresh roll. I used the Sriracha Aioli to zip it up. Maybe this is an example of when sometimes fusion turns to confusion. I did find the masala fries extremely delicious and additive.

I was so looking forward to trying the chocolate fondant for dessert. It was presented in an attractive fashion and was made with good quality chocolate and laced with a nice orange accent but wasn't a fondant dessert that I was expecting. A fondant is a French kind of Molten Lava Cake or sometimes called a pudding. The fondant I received was a sugar paste cake and was a mound of very good frosting but not a dessert called a fondant. 

There is SO MUCH POTENTIAL for this restaurant to be five stars.

The service was exceptional.
The atmosphere is wonderful and great!
The food is cooked well and everything was good but somethings could use some tweaking to be special and memorable.

Some of the fusion is confusion.

I do note that this restaurant is newly opened and may have a few hiccups and may be tweaking the menu.

They offer a very interesting unique concept with great potential.

3 stars is a positive review and is defined on Yelp as A-OK.

 This restaurant is worth a try!

3.5 stars
