LpyndkMvevIQA-JHoReHNw My wife and I have been going to the Jaipur for years. The food was always good and the service, while not fawning over you was at least civil. We just went again this evening. My wife's treat for my birthday. I always get the Lamb Korma and they do a very good job of keeping it mild, as that's the way I like it. The service was a bit disjointed this evening. We got there about 1/2 hour after they opened in the evening. They weren't really set up. We sat for about ten minutes before any water came. The two brothers that own and run the place were almost totally disconnected from the customers. One brother was complaining about the painful wrist joints he had, to another customer. This customer came in after we did and received priority service. My menu ordered food came and I had to wait for the plate to put it on. Usually the plate arrives 10 minutes before the food. I found that some of the subtler ingredients were missing from the Korma. There were no cashews or raisens in the sauce as is usual
 for this Lamb Korma. Can't complain about the lamb though, it was loaded and quite good, considering some of the best ingredients were missing. My wife ate from the buffet and she was a bit disappointed as well. There was no itly; small, white, round things that is almost a staple in Indian restaurants. The daal was very watery, almost like a broth. The Kheer, which is like a rice pudding, was also missing a few of the subtle ingredients such as the cashew bits and the saffron and cardomom. My wife is Indian, so she knows what should be there and it is evident that they are cutting corners these days. The service is lacking, the original Indian dishes are lacking. This is too bad, because this was one of our 'go to' Indian restaurants. There used to be plenty of Indians whenever we went in, and these were lacking as well. Though there were plenty of Americans eating there which leads me to surmise that the are gearing their foods and ingredients toward the American palate. Americans may think they know Indian food but unless they have been exposed to a lot of authentic Indian food, they don't really know what they are getting. My wife cooks Indian food, she grew up in India. I have been to India twice and stayed with Indians and I ate the food they cooked and if we went out to eat, which wasn't very often, it was real, authentic, fire in the belly, Indian food. Sad to see the two brothers aren't as friendly and amiable as they used to be and they don't seem to have anyone working for them on the floor. Maybe they aren't making as much as they used to, but if this continues, I don't see them staying in business much longer. The ambiance is lacking a little but it is passable. The wife and I will have to double think our next visit. Again, it's too bad, to see a restaurant that stood out from the others, going downhill. Also my wife said the condiment bar, near the pani puri, was smelling of rotted food, not a nice accompanyment to a meal. Again, maybe not enough help in the place to clean like they should. I couldn't recommend this place any more, like I used to. After this visit, I had to share with yelp. I really liked this place but time has done it's job.
