LpyndkMvevIQA-JHoReHNw My experience with this restaurant prompted me to join yelp and write my first review.  I just moved to uptown Charlotte and am dealing with some injuries (fractured distal femur and grade 2 ankle sprain) that has me ordering delivery some nights when I don't feel like preparing food or picking up.

With that being said, I don't think any restaurant or delivery driver needs the backstory to justify needing food delivered to your door.  I'm in a highrise uptown, people get delivery here all the time, and the concierge accommodates and sets the elevator for drivers...etc.

For some reason this guy put up the biggest argument about parking his car with hazards on and coming up to my room.  After 4 phone calls back and forth between the delivery driver and I (one hour after I ordered because whoever took my order wasn't able to decipher Pine from Tryon -_-) he was finally feeling assured enough to get out of the car... but not before 1 last call telling me that nobody was at the front desk and that I would need to come down after all.  So I call the concierge desk, and sure enough, somebody picked up...and let the guy in the elevator.  I lied, 1 more call was made when the guy was on my floor - asking the unit number...because my having made mention of the unit number before fell on deaf ears since nobody intended to come up to begin with. lovely.

I'll spare you the exchange.  It was lackluster and almost no words spoke in our ~25 second encounter.

THE FOOD.

I ordered Paneer Tikka Masala (spicy) and a Chicken Tandoori which I ended up having to order to meet the $30 minimum for delivery.  I didn't mind, I considered it a nice meal for the following day.  Paneer was not fresh, spice was adequate, but the overall taste was not something you come to expect after having paneer tikka masala's all around the world.  The Naans were standard, it's hard to mess that up.  The chicken tandoori which I got to the same night because I considered the paneer a wash, was totally lacking in flavor - almost as if it were chicken pieces with a red coating.  I don't expect much in the way of presentation, but you can do a little better than a few onions strips and a lemon wedge.

There seemed to be a huge language barrier when calling to order as well.  Like I had to repeat my phone number about 6 times...and I'm an American born Desi - so I'm very familiar with how to flavor my american accent with some desi tongue so those native to India and not as attune to our language (our language being english) can understand.  Half way through my order he asked me where in India I'm from (I said my father is from gujarat) and then we switched to Hindi for the rest of the call.  I had an advantage and still had trouble...yikes.

Annnyways, not ordering from there again.



Edit: One more thing.  The only other Indian restaurant I've tried in Charlotte in my ~1 month here so far is Copper.  

So here's my review for Copper:  

I had the Paneer Tikka Masala.  WOW.  ;)
