LUhVj-r2TtmFx6cyF9ilJg The last time I visited Tuk Tuk, I was really impressed. The food was fresh and tasty, and the concept of tapas-style Indian food was a novel concept for me. The place was buzzing and it felt like I'd been temporarily transported from the bitter cold of Edinburgh to a Bollywood film set in Mumbai. So I was quite excited to return for a second visit. Alas, I was a bit disappointed.

On my second trip, we made the mistake of not booking beforehand and so had to wait for a while (15 mins) before a table was free. We were asked to take a seat in a little room off the main restaurant, where there was another couple waiting. Unfortunately, more people were invited into the room and it became a bit claustrophobic, however we were offered water and menus whilst we waited. 

We were shown to our table, one of the canteen-style long benches. And then it was as if we were forgotten about. No-one came to take our order, and it was only after I signalled to one of the waiters that we were given attention. I got the impression that there were a few senior staff who were stressed at having to manage the less experienced staff. There seemed to be a lot of staff running around, which does on one hand add to the street-food experience the restaurant is trying to offer, but came across as being a bit disorganised. 

Tuk Tuk operates on the basis of first-cooked, first-served, so our dishes trickled out over the course of ten minutes. Unfortunately, they forgot about the mango lassi I ordered and I only received this nearer the end of the meal. We also had to remind staff about our Indian 'snack pot' that never arrived. 

The food itself, though, is great. The butter chicken I ordered trumped any prior tikka massala I've tried and the Chicken 69 (basically chicken nuggets in a sweet sauce) was pretty tasty. My selection of vegetable pakoras were pretty good too. The mango lassi was worth the wait. My only complaint food-wise was that the rice portions are a bit conservative (or maybe that's just compared to the load of rice normally served in takeaways). 

Overall, we were £20 each for around 9 dishes, 2 rice and a naan (and those Indian snacks). Staff were generally friendly but flustered. Still, I'll probably go again, if only for another dose of that butter chicken.
