LUhVj-r2TtmFx6cyF9ilJg I have been thinking about heading to the recently opened Tuk Tuk on Lothian Road for quite a while. I had heard rumours they would come and pick you up in the Tuk Tuk if you asked nicely too!

The idea behind it is that it is more of a street food rather than your usual curry experience. There are lots of small dishes that you can chose from and enjoy a tapas style sharing dinner (They suggest ordering 3 to 4 of the small dishes per person - perfect for sharing). I really like the laid back décor and Bollywood posters, plus the music is great to. It has a very happy chatty atmosphere to it which creates the right feelings for our [celebration meal.

We were all pretty hungry before entering the restaurant, and the delicious smells that hit us as we walked in meant we couldn't wait to sit down and order. To start we decided to share the Chicken Lollipops and samosas. The spiced wings are served on the bone and the coating of Keralan spices on the beautifully crisp exterior complimented the beautifully tender meat on the inside. The samosas were good but I much prefer the bigger ones you get from the indian shops as they have more filling! It was still a flavourful, moreish starter, leaving us excited for what was to come.

We ordered the Tandoori meat selection which comprised of lots of MEAT! It's a bit more expensive at about £12 I think but has different cuts of lamb and chicken all very well cooked and really nicely seasoned which went well with our other dishes including the Chole Frankie - a wrap filled with spiced chickpeas, herbs, pickled vegetables and chutney and the Sag Paneer - creamy spinach and cubes of home-made cottage cheese. I always order this dish everywhere we have an indian and this was one of the best I have had. 

We accompanied our dishes with Pilau rice, peshwari nan and our own BYOB bottles of beer and wine. By the end of the meal we were absolutely stuffed and very happy! The staff were really friendly and just left us to chat - we ended up staying almost an hour after our meal without realising.

I think Tuk Tuk definitely scores highly for good food and laid-back dining, I would highly recommend it.
