lVTn2NO9-FGfxKjfleZUqw I don't usually give 5 stars to restaurants, but when I do... The place better have stellar food, value, service, and venue! BSF gets 5/5 on most of the above - I was so pleasantly surprised when I came for dinner tonight. No reservations needed when we (party of 3) came at 7PM, but the place did fill up more as the night went on. 

Food- 5/5. Vegetarians, vegans, carnivores, omnivores, people who like flavors in their food - everyone, rejoice! I strongly recommend getting the veggie platter (it's vegan!) if you are looking to sample a bit of everything plant-based on BSF's menu. It comes with a side of choice (I got the BSF salad, which is not boring at all and is topped with plenty of pumpkin seeds, so is filling), dal chawal (basmati rice with coconut and lentil sauce on top), roti (highly recommend! looks to be whole wheat, not buttery or super oily, texture is that of unrisen dough so has that chewiness), and a veggie curry (contains peas, pepper, potatoes, etc - very tolerable level of spiciness). I wouldn't recommend the gunpowder fries as a side since it tasted like regular French fries that are over-salted and slightly spicy. Where was the chutney?

Brunch is also served here, but only on Saturdays and Sundays. Desserts, including Indian ice cream varieties, are also available daily.

Value- 5/5. My veggie (vegan) platter was only $9 pre-tax! And it was a decent portion size, especially for a female. Animal protein tends to be more expensive, but the most expensive main (beef) was still just under $15 pre-tax. The drinks are around $4-5, but looked so cool and the lassi sizes were fairly large, so you are getting the bang for your hard-earned buck. The chaat appetizers are $7.95 pre-tax and probably not enough for a meal, so these might be the least economic options

Service- 3.5/5. As soon as we came in we were greeted warmly by a very pretty Indian (?) lady, who perhaps was one of the managers? She made us feel like we were coming over to a friend's house for dinner. The service at the counter (format here is very simple- pick up a menu, decide, order and pay at the cashier counter, sit and wait for food to be brought over) was a bit slow and choppy. Main con was that food took FOREVER to arrive, so not ideal if you're ever in a rush, i.e. lunch.

Venue- 5/5. Pretty big inside, no seating outside unfortunately. Many bar seats by the huge windows for solo customers. Booth/bigger table seating perfect for group meetups. Towards the back is where the interior design becomes really cool - like some exotic cafe out of a storybook... Instagram-worthy for sure ;)

It's so affordable, tasty, and close to my teaching hospitals and research lab - will be back for sure :)
