MjfgD6Okt4_PaOeYNZ-prQ My husband and I were leaving Taliesin West when we had a craving for Indian food. I used my smart phone to find the nearest place, which led us to this restaurant. We came in around 5 pm, and we were the only ones in the restaurant. I'm sure people usually eat later than we did. The restaurant had tablecloths, cloth napkins, glassware, hookahs as design pieces, and even the bathroom's interior was done nicely. Our waiter was very friendly and checked on us often. We ordered the Bengun Bhartha (jumbo eggplants baked in tandoor cooked with onion, ginger, vine ripened tomatoes and blend of spices) and the Chicken Karachi (chicken sautéed with onion, bell peppers and tomatoes in iron wok with touch of ginger). We also ordered garlic naan. Since we like our food spicy, we asked about how spicy we can have our food. We were surprised to hear a 10-point spice scale, so we decided on 6-7 spiciness. That turned out well, since it was spicy enough for us, but not too spicy. Reading the review about the person who ordered the 9-point spiciness made me realize that I'm a wimp compared to some folks in the Southwest. I once went to a chili restaurant in LA that had a 10-point scale, and I sampled the 10--El Diablo--which turned my lips numb. I kid you not! That's why I decided on 6-7 since my previous experience with 10-point scales showed me to stay south of 8 points.

Our meal was pleasant, and we were delighted to find a good Indian spot in Scottsdale. It was a little more expensive than what we usually frequent, but it is located in Scottsdale. Our meal came out to over $40 for the two of us. Another couple came in as we were finishing our meal. I am not sure how popular Indian food is in Arizona, but when we inquired at the reception desk of our resort, the woman did not know anything about ethnic foods. (She kept pushing big chain restaurants at us. Not our scene!) I would definitely return to this restaurant if I had a hankering for Indian, although I'm not sure how it compares against the other Indian restaurants in the area. I found it authentic and tasty for my first shot at Indian in this state.
