Mn6PbumS7GL2v3jPilTaeg Oh Yelpers, how you have failed me!  

My boyfriend and I found Tamba's advertisement in one of Vegas's books during our visit, and decided to go here for dinner after reading the "good reviews" and ratings on yelp.  After finally having eaten there,  I would give this place HALF a star if I could, for its bad food and terrible service!

I live in Silicon Valley---a mecca of Indian restaurants and cafes-- and eat Indian food at least once a week. (It's my latest addiction).  I know good curry when I taste it, and let me tell you now before you waste your time and money: you will not find good curry here.

We went for the "dinner buffet" which, it turns out, "was reserved for private parties only." So we ended up ordering the butter chicken and a lamb curry with some naan off of the menu.  But the waiter brought out what he called "chicken tikka masala", and when we told him it wasn't what we ordered, he then said he misspoke and it was actually "butter chicken" after all.

Either way, it tasted like water.  No flavor whatsoever.  The lamb curry on the other hand... was a SPOONFUL of SALT with every bite.  YUCK!

I've never abandoned an Indian meal in my life, no matter how mediocre.  But I could not get myself past even half this meal.  Maybe the bland curry juxtaposed to the salty one made it seem even saltier, or, "Maybe," I thought, "if i mix the two curries together, I would find a happy medium."  How wrong I was! There was no happiness to be found there. :(

To top it off, when our bill came, we were charged $15 for the "chicken tikka masala" instead of butter chicken, and told our server about the mistake.  He said, "It doesn't matter anyway, they're the same price."  Indeed not!  I corrected him and said that the butter chicken is $14.  So he responded, "Fine, I'll just COMP you the difference."

"COMP"? "COMP"??? Are you kidding me?!  You're not comping us anything!  We're just asking you to charge us for what we ACTUALLY ORDERED!  Don't think you're doing us any favors!

Finally, just to add insult to injury, they advertised 10% off the bill if you showed them the ad from the Vegas 24/7 booklet.  But when we gave him the "coupon", INSTEAD of taking 10% OFF, he ADDED 18% to our bill for gratuity!

HA! Unbelievable.  I guess, in Vegas,  you don't have to go to the casinos to lose your money!
