mUk-0jToBuzk4KaDXp-uew Ahhh... sooo much opportunity... the only Indian food in Henderson area!  They could make a killing!  We've waited so long!  So disappointed!

I stopped by earlier in the day to review the menu since I was in the area, and happily found they had pani poori and chaat and other non-standard fare - pretty much the only nice, sit-down restaurant in all of Las Vegas that serves Pani Poori AFAIK.. but I digress.  

Well I convinced my SO to go down there and give them a shot.  We get seated and order some chaat - which was OK but not as good as I remember it.   Fine.  We tried to order the Samosas too (like the first review) but they were still out... after 3 days?  Indian restaurant with no samosas?  Its like peanut butter and no jelly!   Turner and no Hooch! 

Ahh... let's move on.  We also ordered a full dish of Tandoori Chicken and Chicken Tikka Masala curry.   The food comes out relatively fast - but we had the same problem as the first reviewer - the curry had no curry!  Normally the complaint is too much sauce, no meat.  This was all meat, onions and peppers, and a tiny bit of curry.  That would have been OK, but the meat was... tough?  

Tough, over cooked meat?  I can't even remember the last time I ever had overcooked chicken in a restaurant.  Maybe at some backyard BBQ when they forgot to check on it after 30 minutes, but not in a restaurant!  Not for a $15 dish!!  Dry, tough chicken, yuck.

The full dish of Tandoori Chicken for $15 is big.  SO BIG, it barely fits on the serving plate.  That's cool and all, but I'm making a mess just trying to get food off the plate.  Plus, the Tandoori is DRY TOO!  WTF!!  It's supposed to be succulent and appetizing and yummy.  Instead we're both depressed and barely touch either dish.  We get it to go for lunch tomorrow.  

I wake up the next day and what do I find my SO doing?  Cooking lunch.  She wont even take this stuff to work.  She'd rather spend 2 hours cooking something than eat that meal.  *sigh*.  Such high hopes!

Sorry Taza.  Please, learn how to cook the chicken?  Is that too much to ask?
