Nm6j_BNOFLiO_wRjPF9GBg Food was decent, but the service was atrocious. 

The hubby and I wandered in at around 8pm during a particularly harsh cold snap -- it was -20C outside, and we really wanted warm and spicy Indian comfort food. We came in, and were offered a seat in the front of the restaurant, right next to the door. (Did I mention that it was NEGATIVE TWENTY outside?) "Oh, we're kind of cold," I said. "Do you mind if we sit farther away from the door?" "Well, there's a heater right here," the restaurant-guy said, pointing to a heater by the door. I protested again, but gave up when he insisted that it was going to be warm enough. I'm not exactly sure why he was kept insisting on making us sit by the door (heater or no heater) when the restaurant was basically empty, but... okay, whatever. FWIW, even though there was a heater we still got hit with an arctic blast every time someone came in or out of the restaurant. That sucked.  

Our visit went downhill from there. We ordered three dishes: Kachumbor Salad (remember that one, it'll become important in a second), Mattar Paneer, and Murgh Tikka. The person who took our order didn't write anything down, but did repeat our order before walking away. At least, I *thought* he repeated our order. When the order finally came, he brought Mattar Paneer and... Channa Masala (the latter of which I didn't order; I ordered the Kachumbor Salad).

As soon as the server set down the Channa Masala, I told him that it wasn't what I ordered. He said, "Yes, this is what you ordered. Channa Masala. I repeat to you." To which I said, "No, I ordered Kachumbor Salad." Really, this was a simple mistake -- the two things sound the same if you say them quickly. Or maybe my being cold from being seated near the front door on a NEGATIVE TWENTY night was impeding my speech. Regardless, the server was ridiculously rude about the whole affair; no apologies were offered, and he roughly snatched the wrong dish away and stalked back to the kitchen.  He did end up bringing the correct order, but the sharp looks he kept giving me every time he came back to the table to refill our drinks could have wilted flowers. By this time, we just wanted to finish our dinner and GTFO.

That said, the food we did have was pretty good. The Murgh Tikka was tender and sizzly, and the Mattar Paneer had generous chunks of cheese and was nicely creamy. 

Who knows, maybe the server was just having a bad day. Ultimately, although the food was okay, the dining experience was uncomfortable and definitely left a bad taste in my mouth (no pun intended).
