Nm6j_BNOFLiO_wRjPF9GBg I was visiting Toronto from the Northern Virginia area.  To give some reference points, I am South Indian, and I was not eating meat during this  meal.  So I was looking for purely vegetarian options. 

I had eaten at Queen Mother Cafe, which is right opposite this Trimurti, the night before, so I thought I would come back to this area, and have an indian meal.  We walked from University Ave, west on Queen, on the South Side, and passed 2 other indian restaurants before we came to this establishment.  While we were standing outside, one of the employees came out and stated that he was from Calcutta, and that he thought that the Chef here was very good.  We had our reservations, since this was the only one of the three indian restaurants on this street that seemed to be empty.  

We walked in, and the waiter seated us at the very first seat right in front of the window.  We were looking to move a bit back, but he kept recommending that seat.  It was a bit tight to get in, since both of us were carrying a few items back to the hotel.  I jokingly suggested that our placement was to block visibility to the rest of the restaurant so that others couldn't see how empty the restaurant was. 

We waited for the waiter, who came by after a few minutes.  I asked him if we could have the appetizer sampler with only vegetarian appetizers.  This seemed to be a simple request.  He suggested that Hara Kebab and Paneer Pakora, which came out to roughly the same cost.  I said I wanted to think about it.  Since it seemed we we couldn't get what I requested, i was going to agree to his suggestion.  He checked with the chef, and they said they could support this.  

Additionally, we ordered, Mattar Paneer and Paneer Badam Pasanda.    
They brought out some papad with some various sauces.  This was ok.  The appetizers were again ok.  The entrees really were too bland for my liking.  I have eaten at numerous indian restaurants at home and on business trips, and this was not that great considering the reviews, and the employee coming out and recommending it (agreed the employee is biased.).  

While the food was just ordinary, I think the disturbing aspects to me were a few things. 

1. The entrees did not come with rice.  My friend asked the waiter, which I thought was wierd.  Most of the restaurants I frequent come with plain rice, and you can add various breads or fancier rices if you'd like.  We ordered aloo parata and naan.  These were the best things out of the meal. 

2. I thought while the restaurant was empty, we would get more attention from the waiters, and more responsive service.  Instead, it appeared that they were standing around at the back of the restaurant watching the tv.  In order to get more water and the check, it was a chore.  A restaurant with 1 couple in it, should not take that much time or effort to get service.  To be honest, I was starting to wonder if I could get a decent meal experience in toronto.  This was the fourth food experience of my trip.  

Additionally, we didn't order any alcohol or other drinks. Just water, so the cost was about $11-30/person
