NOjmj2XNnn2kuc7lARdggQ I really didn't know what to expect when I tried Hot or Mild yesterday- especially since the only legit looking review gave it 2 stars... but I decided to try it anyways. It's purely a takeout restaurant. I went in around 2:30 in the afternoon and was the only customer. They have whatever curries they are serving that day laid out behind a counter- like Panda Express style, I'd say. And, you can order the snacks, breads, etc. from the menu. I ordered a Veg wrap and papdi chaat (fried dough pieces, topped with chick peas, onions, tomatoes, spicy and sweet chutneys, yogurt, spices, and thinner fried dough pieces) and was told it would be about 10-15 minutes. Not bad at all - but again, I was the only customer. After the fact, I decided to get one of the vegetarian curries that was set out - Paneer Tikka Masala. There's an option to get the "Customer's Choice" which is pretty much a combo meal with (*i think*) 2 curries, bread, fried rice (? did they mean biryani??), and some other things. I opted out of it and they just gave me rice with my Paneer Tikka.

I decided to wait in the store so walked to the front where there were a few couches. There's a TV for people who are waiting, but it wasn't working. There's also a decent size open area between the counter and these couches which could easily hold a few tables and chairs for people to dine in - or even more seating for people to wait, but right now its just empty, awkward space. I asked if they were planning on adding seating and they said no, they will remain strictly take out. They said since there isn't sufficient parking spaces, they won't be able to successfully do dine-in.

The total for my food was 18 dollars - not THAT bad if you think about the price of curry dishes alone at sit-down indian restaurants, but I would think a fast take-out restaurant would be cheaper. 

The Papdi chaat was good. Each of the bigger fried dough pieces (papdi) seemed to be individually seasoned and were delish. I could probably have gotten a bag full of those and eaten them like chips. All the toppings on top were super flavorful. I thought the sweet chutney was pretty potent and overwhelming so I may ask for it on the side next time. 

The Veg wrap was DELISH. It was pretty much freshly grilled vegetables (peppers, onions, cauliflower, carrots, peas, potatoes, etc- seasoned and mixed with some curry (I was told it's the chef's secret by the guy at the counter) - all wrapped in a thick roti/naan. I had a good 25-30 minute drive home and it was still nice and hot when I got home - and the bread was nice and thick that it really wasn't as soggy as I thought it would be.

I only tasted the Paneer Tikka Masala - b/c I gave it to my friend - but from what I tasted, it was super rich, creamy, and flavorful. I hate when Paneer Tikka is made very runny, and that was not the case with this dish.

Overall, the food was really good. The people behind the counter were friendly and fast - again, I was the only customer, so take that with a grain of salt. It's further from me than many indian restaurants I can get take-out from, but if I'm in the area or craving their Veg wrap again (which I def may), I'll be back. I'm sure it'll be busier and more successful on weekdays, but it was just empty when I went - Hope that changes for their sake.
