NyLYY8q1-H3hfsTwuwLPCg I finally got around to trying Choolah since I was out in Pepper Pike for a doctor appointment. Well, I must say that it sure didn't disappoint! 

Choolah is a fast casual Indian restaurant that's fairly similar to Panera, with a little Chipotle thrown in.  The building is super slick and modern looking and there's plenty of parking.  The inside decor is really cool and trendy with a Chipotle-sque feel to it with all the stainless steel and other neat tidbits.  The large windows let you peak into the kitchen where you can see the tandor ovens and fresh food being prepped.  The dining room is pretty huge and they have outdoor seating too.  The hand washing machine is pretty awesome.  Give it a try!

Onto the food...
You walk up to the counter to order from the large menu boards.  They make it pretty simple.  For entrées, they offer BBQ Meals, Bowls, Sandwiches, and Salads.  They also have some sides to pick from and a few dessert options. (Samosas and mango lassi! Yesss!)  I opted for the BBQ Meal with Chicken Tikka Masala.  The chicken comes on a bed of basmati rice, with the Tikka Masala sauce on the side, wheat naan (although my receipt said roti?) and a side of spicy mango sauce with a fountain drink.  They hand you a buzzer that signals you when your food is ready to pick up.  I came at a downtime after the lunch rush, so my food was ready in about 7 minutes or so.
The food was fantastic with lots of flavor from the sauces.  The Naan was good and nicely seasoned, but it was more chewy than light and airy like a lot of Indian buffets serve it. It was almost a cross between a naan and roti...still really good though!  The chicken was nice and tender and the rice was fluffy.  Lots of food! The Coke Freestyle machines and iced tea machine offered a good drink variety.

My first time a Choolah was a great one and I hope to be back whenever I'm on the east side of town!  Stop in and try it out! I can see this place expanding into a chain restaurant in the near future. They seem to be doing quite well!
