NyLYY8q1-H3hfsTwuwLPCg Chipotle meets Indian food. If you hate Chipotle because it's not authentic, you'll feel the same way about Choolaah. If, on the other hand, you appreciate the way Chipotle's simple menu combines a few basic elements with more of an emphasis on taste than fast food places, you'll love Choolaah.

The menu is slightly more complicated than Chipotle, but instead of giving your order directly to someone on the assembly line, you give it to an incredibly friendly and helpful person at the counter. If you've ever been stuck in line behind someone staring open-mouthed for several minutes at Chipotle's menu, overwhelmed at choice and unfamiliar words, you'll understand why Choolaah has a better idea.

I ordered samosa, which the clerk marked to be served with the mint yogurt sauce. I had been just about to ask for that. I'm guessing that if you want one of the other sauces, you have to be specific. Added the chicken tikka masala with a side of naan, and a mango lassi.

The clerk asked if I wanted the hot sauce with the tikka; I turned it down. Next time around, I probably will add that or another sauce. The tikka was good, but a bit on the bland side. 

The wait was just a couple of minutes; I'd barely had a chance to fill my cup of water. (The lassi -- think mango yogurt smoothie -- was handed to me at the register; they keep them premade in a cooler behind the counter.)

As others have noted, this is a converted auto dealership. When you leave the counter, your first choice for seating is a very long communal table; past that, on two levels, are uncomfortable-looking booths and some tables. Choolaah appears to be popular with families, and that can mean kids running around unattended, either to refill their sodas, play with the hand-washing machine, or just generally prove that their parents have never taught them how to behave in public. But the place is big enough that it would take a lot of customers to make it crowded and noisy.

Choolaah will not introduce you to the full richness of Indian cooking, but that's not the point. It's an Americanized entry point. And I'd rather have that than the 4,671st fast-casual burger chain.
