NyLYY8q1-H3hfsTwuwLPCg The restaurant looks and smells very impressive = 5 / 5.

It is as clean as it can be = 5 / 5.

Employees are as polite & professional as possible = 5 / 5.

Seating at the restaurant = 4 / 5. They have various type of seats for every choice. Although they have tables for 4 with some private seating, I felt as if I was packed to seat on that table. The back of the seats are very hard smooth wood, but I wish they had some cushions. I want my back to lean on a soft surface, not on a surface like concrete. There is enough space in the middle which makes it possible the have the 4-seat tables a little longer and wider. Why not?

The taste of food I had = 5 / 5. It was among the best Indian food I had. The naan is very delicious that is good enough by itself. Their tikka masala was very delicious with perfect spice level. They offer extra hot sauce for those who like additional fire.

The prices are 2 / 5, which means they are higher than average, especially when compared with Chipotle. and their portions are unfortunately small. What is the cost of the sauce and rice? Give it like it's free. You are charging too much for snack-size portions. 

The reason I compared with Chipotle is because you get similar food. But, the number of items on your plate and the amount of food they give cannot be compared with Chipotle at all. You do not get a big portion and tons of toppings like you do at Chipotle. You get little rice, a few pieces of chicken or lamb balls or salmon or paneer or veggie balls and tikka masala sauce on top. A piece of naan should be offered with bowls for free.

I wish their naans were a little bigger, maybe double of the current size for the same price. Why not? The same for rice and tikka masala sauce.
Soda drinks are 2.99 per cup with free refills. I wish I could buy a drink for 99 cent and pay for each cup.
For 12 oz indian tea, they charge $2.99 !!!. that is too much guys.

This is an expensive place. I can have 3 times more food for the same price at other indian restaurants. I may come back, but maybe once or twice in a year, and I will not be willing to spend a lot.
