nyM76RUyFzekHHmYEU-KBQ Eat Fresh Be Healthy prides itself of creating seasonal, sustainable, local and organic food. Although dishes are well composed, the service is sub-par. 

I had visited Eat Fresh Be Healthy on three occasions. The first visit was a year ago for Winterlicious. The food was fresh, delicious and portions were reasonable for the price. My companions raved about the pork chop. One claimed it was the best pork chop he has ever had. The second occasion was to see a friend during lunch. Again, the food did not disappoint. The salmon was small, none the less, it was still satisfying. 

On the third occasion, my colleagues and I visited Eat Fresh Be Healthy for a going away lunch. Originally, I tried to book lunch at 12:00 PM. The owner expressed that they are very busy on Friday and would prefer the large group to arrive at 11:45 am. I concurred and promptly notified the team of the change. The day of the lunch, the owner called ahead of time to confirm the number for reservations. I told her around 8-9. People's schedules seem to be changing. She pressed for an answer. While, I can appreciate the owner's predicament, I cannot confirm what I do not know. She remained somewhat insistence. 

The moment we sat down, the owner asked if we are ready to order. We politely declined, as we did not get a chance to even review the menu. After we placed our order, my manager arrived. The moment he sat down, the owner asked what he would like. Again, he did not get a chance to review the menu. The owner mentioned something about food takes long to prepare. Unsurprisingly, the owner gave us the bill before we finished our meal. She did not even asked if anyone would like dessert. When the bill arrive, we were given incorrect receipts three times, from $9.99 to $30. 

The service is a complete disappointment. The owner kept thinking about turning tables around and did not fully acknowledge the customers. The restaurant was not at capacity when we finished our meal. There is a table dedicated to scatter menus. My colleague echo this sentiment. At the end of lunch, he was doubtful about the integrity and honesty of the owner. My other colleague expressed her hunger after the meal. 

I once had high regards for Eat Fresh Be Healthy, however, after this unpleasant experience, I can no longer recommend this to anyone.
