nyM76RUyFzekHHmYEU-KBQ Sooooo
Im a bit confused. I went here for dinner with a friend for the winterlicious event. I picked this place because of the great reviews. Though at this point there were only 13 reviews.
It does look like a little cafe more than a restaurant but that is besides the point. I was here for the food.
On here, it describes the restaurant as "italian", but none of the staff or chefs were Italian. Ok fine, no problem. But the thing is, the food didnt seem Italian either. It was like some kind of fusion food and the flavors didnt seem to fuse well together.
I had the baby arugula salad with fruit - that I must say was good and refreshing. (one star) My friend had the tempura shrimp. She found it a bit bland and it had a lot of batter on it. 
Now on to the mains: 
My salmon was grilled with a fruit salsa with ... mint. The salmon was overcooked and dry.  I felt the flavors did not go well together. I did take a pic since the presentation was nice but deleted it after tasting it. I dont know exactly how to describe it but the smokey taste of the grilled salmon and the random fruit with Mint threw me off. Its as if they focused on presentation than flavor. 
My friend ordered the shrimp pasta. It seemed like it was stir fry shrimp with minimal pasta but a stew-like sauce, the shrimp were swimming in it. She didnt seem pleased at all but managed to finish as best she could. I tried a bit and it tasted somewhat Italian - like a pesto kind of sauce. But the fact it looked like stirfry threw me off again.
Dessert: I had the panacotta - I did not finish it . My friend had the Lindt icecream and she said it was good.
The wait staff were pleasant and courteous. Though it was only one lady for the whole "cafe" so some of the chefs had to help out with the serving and taking the bill.

Yes - we were left confused - about the previous reviews, about the type of resto, about the flavors. But the staff seemed to be nice people. I feel bad writing a bad review since the staff were nice - but lets face it - its a resto - it needs good food. I would not go back, nor would I recommend it to anyone. 

On and btw - it was FReezing sitting by the window. There is a heater on the ceilng in the middle of the cafe. Sit there if you dare to go.
