nyM76RUyFzekHHmYEU-KBQ I came here two days ago with my boyfriend and we loved this place! My actual star rating will be 4.5 stars out of 5. 

So we checked the review of this place to see what's good so we were both aware of what's good and bad about the place.
We both got 3 course meal for $28 (yes price went up from $25 to $28), which is a decent deal for a 3 course meal.

 According to the yelp reviews, we were both aware their presentation of the food is visually appealing and also the use of dishes in this restaurant. 
My boyfriend got the popular demand on the menu: calamari and I got the arugula with pomegranate and berries salad for our appetizers. My salad was great, it was very colorful with fruits and the arugula looked fresh and the salad overall was not-so watery (that's a good thing). My boyfriend's calamari was visually appealing, nicely spiced but the use of shot glass for yogurt sauce was a little off, since it was pretty difficult to dip the calamari into the sauce without breaking the calamari.

We both got maple glazed pork chops with steamed vegetables with mashed potatoes for our Entree. Again, the presentation was visually appealing where the vegetables were arranged beautifully. This is my opinion, but making the pork chop stand on the plate is not really necessary just because we are laying it flat anyway to eat it. 
The plate was not really concerning in this dish (just a normal dish we use at home). We both loved the taste of the food, I personally like crispy on the outside and soft and smooth on the inside so I can say I loved the way the chef cooked the pork, it was perfect!

Dessert was perfect too with the Lindt Chocolate Icecream with fruits on top and Mango Panna Cotta ( we got one of each). They were both good, but for the Mango Panna Cotta's plate, again the plate made it hard to scoop them. If it was in a bowl-like plate, then it would be a little bit better. 


Overall, the quality of the food is perfect, but the use of the dishes could need some improvement (use a bowl instead of a plate or a shot glass).
