nyM76RUyFzekHHmYEU-KBQ So I was looking for a place downtown to host a surprise birthday party for my fiance that a) could accommodate 20 people, b) had excellent food quality & a varied menu, and c) was affordable for everyone. I stumbled upon this restaurant and took a chance based on all the awesome reviews it was getting. I'm a big foodie so I usually like to actually know and trust the place before taking other people. 

The good reviews do not lie people! This place was a huuuuge hit with everyone at the party. 

SERVICE:
First of all - everyone there was super nice and friendly and the service was awesome. Having worked as a server for over a decade, I know and appreciate good service. It was perfect. Our water was always filled, we had everything we needed, and our server was attentive, friendly, and helpful with the menu. 

They close at 9pm but we didn't finish eating until past 9 and then spent some time mingling and opening gifts. We didn't leave until about 1030pm. Of course I felt bad because I know what it's like, but I spoke with them and they were so generous and kind, telling us we could take our time and not to worry. Very gracious and thoughtful people. 

FOOD:
I'm a Nutritionist and this place is nutritionist approved! 

AMAAAAZING!!! The prix fixe menu is delicious! The ingredients were all very fresh and were super tasty. The presentation was gorgeous and everything was so flavorful.
I tried a bit of everyone's dishes to see how I felt about all of the apps and entrees and they all passed with flying colors.  

I personally had the shrimp bruschetta which was so mouth watering good, the chicken which had incredible flavor and was the perfect texture, and the panna cotta for dessert which was so good. 

Don't let the $25 price fool you - trust me. Try it and you will know exactly what I mean.

THOUGHTS:
Everyone at the party couldn't stop telling me what a great spot I had chosen. They have an awesome team, are allergy and gluten-free friendly, and offer vegetarian dishes as well. The menu has enough options to please everyone. 

BOOK YOUR EVENTS HERE IF YOU WANT TO IMPRESS, EAT AWESOME FOOD, AND FEEL RIGHT AT HOME!!!
