nyM76RUyFzekHHmYEU-KBQ I wanted to love this restaurant, but it has been a mixed bag of good and bad.

ATMOSPHERE:
Open kitchens are great, and this was no exception. It was nice to see the cooks prepare the meals and the fresh ingredients on display.
When I walked in the restaurant I immediately noticed the overwhelming smell of bleach which was a bit off putting, but nice to know the place is clean.
The lighting was cold, lit with bluish LED lighting which had no warmth and made the food and people look a bit sickly. This combined with a lack of any music created an eerie awkward ambiance.

SERVICE:
The service was excellent, very friendly and courteous. They had really odd hours as they close at 9pm, even on a Friday. I arrived at 8:30 not knowing about this and stayed until 10pm but we never felt rushed and they didn't even mention that they were closing while we had our dinner. They were really patient with us and we even had a nice conversation with the staff while they were discretely trying to close up. 

FOOD:
It was great that they only offered a prix fixe menu with a decent selection of dishes. At $25 it was an excellent deal for three courses.
While the ingredients were fresh I didn't think it was that healthy. There were a lot of fried foods on the menu which were a tad on the oily side, and the dishes were over salted and my taste run on the salty side.
It was hard to categorize what kind of cuisine they were serving. It was a mix of Italian, Caribbean, Mediterranean and few other cultures. The people running the restaurant were Indian but oddly I didn't see much Indian influences (I hope that doesn't sound racist).
 
The calamari appetizer tasted great and not overcooked but the presentation was overdone, served in a sundae glass which a shot glass of dipping sauce was in the middle but didn't know was there until I ate much of the calamari -- luckily there were splatters of sauce on the plate to dip it with before I discovered the shot glass.
The chicken lollipops were really good, with a nice amount of heat and jerk-like flavours.
They were out of the seafood stew so we had the lamb shank which is a decent rich osso buco-like dish with a big piece of lamb which was very tender and flaked off the bone, but again heavily salted, and also had the salmon which was nicely cooked and juicy.

The mango coconut pannacotta was nice and refreshing and not too sweet. The chocolate gelato was homemade and also good and not too sweet and had a nice mix of fresh fruits and coconut. 

The portions were very generous, but I wished they could have reduced the portion sizes and  created cleaner more refined flavours with less salt and toned down on the showy presentation which bordered on almost ridiculous and clichéd. Almost every plate was garnished the same way from appetizer to dessert with a mixture of fruits and veggies which made eating each dish a bit tiresome and less interesting.

The place is not licensed to serve alcohol, which made for a cheap dinner but I would have been nice to have a wine or beer with my meal, but they did offer complementary bottled water which seemed unusual as they were individually sized and drinking out of a plastic bottle at a restaurant seemed really weird.
