nyM76RUyFzekHHmYEU-KBQ I was so excited to try out this restaurant because of the amazing reviews but I was quite disappointed. The restaurant itself is small and has an open kitchen, kind of like Subways, which was interesting because you can see your food being prepared. The tables have paper menus laid out, which are flipped around after you order to become a place mat, and a bottle of water per seat. My friend and I came here for a Winterlicious dinner. Here's what we got:

Eat Fresh Caesar Salad garnished with Crispy Blue Crab - Garnished is right, the crab had almost no meat in it and was just for presentation. The salad was an average caesar without much cheese and was served in a mug... which still had the price sticker at the bottom (?!?)

Crispy Calamari served with Scallion Yogurt - Probably our favourite dish from the menu. The calamari was perfectly crispy and seasoned, it didn't need the scallion yogurt. In fact the pairing of the two was odd to me, I would have preferred a sweet and spicy sauce.

Ontario Braised Leg of Lamb and Mushroom served with roasted Garlic Mash and Vegetables - I've never had lamb before (I know, don't judge me!) so I was excited to finally try it out. I was expecting an actual leg of lamb but was given two fatty pieces with covered with sauce, with a side of runny mash and lightly steamed veggies. The flavour of the lamb reminded me of my mom's Vietnamese Ragu, which is sort of like a stew. 

Maple Mustard Glazed Double Cut Pork Chop served with Mashed Potato and Vegetables - The pork chop was a bit dry and hard. They were also served with a side of runny mash and lightly steamed veggies. 

Lindt Chocolate Ice-Cream - I loved the ice cream, it really does taste like Lindor chocolates. It came with a goose berry, wafer, blueberries and a strawberry. The strawberry was still frozen when I received it so that was a slight turn off to me. No, it wasn't just cold from the ice cream, it was frozen, I couldn't even use my spoon to cut it into chunks, it would just slip off and thunk onto the plate.

Espresso Panna Cotta - My friend really enjoyed the espresso panna cotta, which swims in a sweet custard flavoured sauce with floating pomegranate seeds. 

3/6 dishes were like but I don't think I will be back anytime soon for just dessert and appetizers.
