o2Qh4SiGYJ7BK4hP7dfkrw i generally don't write yelp reviews but this will be my first. i have been to this restaurant several times when I was a student at Midwestern University. I had a shady experience here and really didn't want to write about it at the time due to not wanting to speak ill of the restaurant, but in the end, I feel it's the right thing to do as it would be wrong of me to let this incident go by unnoticed and without any consequence. I also feel an obligation to let other yelp users know what's up so they can be careful when ordering here.

Basically, it's a simple story. I ordered two meet entrees and two rice orders to go (close to $30 worth if I remember correctly). I opened up the two rice containers when I went home and immediately knew something was off. Each container had a shockingly small amount of rice in it to the point that anyone looking into the box could tell this was not the normal amount. I strongly suspected they had ripped me off and basically only cooked one order of rice, split the amount into two containers, and charged me for both orders of rice just to save that additional portion for themselves. 

This suspicion was confirmed true when I re-ordered at another date, but this time only buying one order of rice. Sure enough, when I opened the box, there was double the rice than what I had been given the previous time when I bought two orders. This time it actually looked normal when I peeked into the container.

You would think that when ordering $30 worth of food from this restaurant, they would not be so cheap as to skimp me out of $1.50 of rice. If they only wanted to cook up one order, then they should have just charged me the $1.50. Instead they charged me the full $3 and then split up one order of rice into two containers. I was shocked they would try to pull of something so shady, so blatantly.

Anyway it's taken me this long to write this review because I was very uneasy with the ideal of putting a negative review online for everyone to read. But in the end the incident has stuck with me, and I feel like it's my obligation to document what happened so others can be careful when ordering here. The food was very tasty to be sure, but the owner did not have any integrity in her business methods
