O3tlWsT37H1JtLzje2Wmbg A sampling of their food at this year's Asian Festival plus the high ratings on yelp have convinced me to step out of my comfort zone once again to try another Indian restaurant. It should be noted that I know little about Indian cuisine. I know I love the safe flavors of Saffron Patch in Beachwood, and when I'm in the mood to be kicked in the mouth, I know I love the extremely potent flavors of Taste of Kerala in Mayfield Heights. Two restaurants that took different approaches to Indian cuisine, but both very successful in their endeavors.

Enter Flavors of India, which in my experience attempted to go the "safe" route and ultimately came up short. Let's start from the top, though. It is a quaint spot with good space and very simple décor. We opted for the lunch buffet, which had a smaller selection than I expected. There were 6 different stews, including 3 meat (chicken curry, goat curry, and chicken tikka masala) and 3 vegetarian. Other offerings included rice pulao, tandoori chicken, pakora, naan, vegetarian lo mein (wat?), and lentil soup. There was also a DIY station for "papdi chaat" (fried crackers topped with veggies and sauces) and "panipuri" (thin flaky puffs filled with various toppings). For desserts, they had gulab jamun and rice pudding. They also had some salad offerings and fresh fruits for those of you that want to waste valuable stomach space with generic food. Unfortunately, samosas were not on the buffet menu.

Much of the food I tried was bland. All of the stews were pretty disappointing in that they lacked flavor and heat. The tandoori chicken was okay but that's pretty much the ceiling for tandoori chicken anyway. The naan was good and the pakora decent. The papdi chaat and panipuri were a little confusing to put together and ultimately didn't really stand out to me, but I thought it was a cool idea and at least fared better than the curry dishes. I'd say the high point of the meal was the delicious and refreshing rice pudding and the gulab jamun, which I tried for the first time and reminded me of Little Debbie's donut sticks (not a knock). Unexpected cake-like texture, very sweet, with an unobtrusive hint of a sweet spice (I guessed cinnamon, my girlfriend said ginger. She's probably right.).

Overall, I'd give this place a 3.5. Maybe I need to order off the menu next time.
