ofrivPAJiu0FlhYL-M7MCA I don't know where to begin for this review since the amount of flaws we encountered on our night was ridiculous. 
Daal roti is a north indian restaurant, however it is known to have some gujurati flavours because of the owner or chef. This restaurant is extremely small, with like perhaps 6-7 tables meant for 4 people. I went there having made a reservation for 7.15pm but despite this I ended up waiting for a table for around half an hour. When finally given a table, menus were abruptly thrown on our table. When ready to order we had to call out for a server. We had a question about a menu item before placing the order, whereby the server did not know the answer to and said that she will go inside and ask. We waited 10 minutes and this server did not come back. We again had to call out for a server and finally placed the order. While waiting for the food we heard like 2 tables complaining that the food is taking too long to arrive. Then at one point a server went to serve a table and ended up dropping his tray that contained water and a few plates. Everything looked so disorganized to me. The servers were also all over the place looking as if they had no idea what they were doing.
I was starving and it had been 45 minutes since we placed our order. When the food was served I was pretty disappointed because my chicken vindaloo literally looked like oil cooked with chicken rather than chicken cooked in oil since the curry was floating with oil. However, the flavor of the curry was really good and spicy, the way I like it. I asked for tandoori roti with my curry. Tandoori curry isn't usually served with butter on it, but they did put butter on mine. I had to ask them change mine, which took 5 minutes and me waiting there staring at my curry getting cold.
     The only positive thing I can say about this is place is that they offer paan ice cream, which was pretty amazing and a must try.
     Finally we went up to the front to pay the bill. We wanted to split the bill, which resulted in such confusion for them. It took forever for the lady to understand how we wanted to split the bill, which wasn't very complicated.
Therefore, I will only be going to Daal Roti if I am craving for paan ice cream but other than that I will not step in here again since there are better indian restaurants out there that won't make you feel like you've drunk a bowl of oil and will serve you efficiently.
