ohz8ljVxcZMo2bMGrBZfgw Two things led me to this place: 1) I had a voucher from restaurant.com, and 2) it was near the university, so my boyfriend and I decided to stop by after class one afternoon. 

We went around 4 pm on a Thursday. It was a ghost town - nobody else was in there. Due to this observation, we immediately thought it was one of those restaurants that close in between lunch and dinnertime to partake in the "siesta," but our waitress promptly darted out and greeted us, seating us at one of the many empty sea of tables.

First impression: Fancy and proper table settings (the silverware already set, along with a water goblet, and the pyramid napkin-fold). Also, the leather seats exuded an executive-style feeling to the whole atmosphere. Very nice and well-kept.

I had the PALAK PANEER and my boyfriend had the KALI MIRCH KA MURGH. We shared some naan bread and steamed rice between us with our main dishes. Our waitress made me a sample shot of the MANGO LASSI, which I ultimately ended up getting. (Its consistency is like yogurt for those that don't know. It was a nice contrast to the entree.) Overall, we both agreed that the food was very good - tangy infused with spices, flavorful and fresh. Even his ginger ale seemed like it was just made from scratch. Our taste palates were satisfied, and our waitress (having just one table to attend to) was very attentive. People slowly trickled in as we finished. I found out that there is a happy hour at 5. 

My only COMPLAINT: The prices seemed a bit high, especially for an off-the-strip restaurant. If you look at its surrounding neighbors, you've got a Johnny Rocket's on one side and Paradise Cantina on the other. There are many Indian places near the vicinity of the university, and this ranked higher on the price scale. My dish was priced okay at $12.95, but my boyfriend's dish was $16 and his ginger ale was $4.50. It seemed to me more like a dinner. (Browsing the menu, some dishes went into the high $20-$30 ranges.) Our overall tab would have been about $50 for two people for just a late lunch. Luckily, I had a $15 certificate to use. I guess you're paying for the ambience.

 (Side note: The bathrooms are amazing! Just the right finishing touches and amazingly clean! The ladies' room even had sample hand salts to use.)
