ohz8ljVxcZMo2bMGrBZfgw OFFSITE DELISH

Typically food at the LVCC is just terrible and it's always the same boring food every day like pizza and burgers. So I was excited when I saw that Orgin India had a location inside the South Hall Las Vegas Convention Center. I discovered it during setup and could hardly wait for them to open up on Monday, during the first day of the show. What I really loved was the different menu for all 4 days. No food kiosk here does that kind of variety or even changes their menu like that. 

There were two options to order. For $13 you could get one meat choice & one veggie choice with rice, bread & sauces and for $16 you could add on two more items of meat & vegetable. 

On day one, I ordered the Chicken Makhani, Lamb Rogan Josh, Tadka Dal and mixed vegetables. I must say that everything was delicious. My favorite was the lamb because it was so tender. It melted in my mouth. I really loved the sauce from the Chicken and I mixed it in with all of my white rice. The lentils in the Tadka Dal were really good too. After finishing my delicious lunch I only knew one thing, that I could not wait to eat lunch here again tomorrow. 

On Day two, I ordered the Lamb Vindaloo, Chicken Karahi, Dal Makhani and Gajjar Aloo. The spices were all amazing again. But I thought I wasn't going to get lunch here because the line went down the convention show floor. Obviously word had spread about the amazing food here. The secret was now out. I thought about getting out of line but decided to stay. I must admit the staff served everyone fast and I had my food in no time at all. I was so happy that it all worked out. 

Then on Day three, I ordered the Chicken Curry, Lamb Tikka Masala, Sag Aloo and Chana Masala. Everything was amazing and such deep flavors. The potatoes and spinach in the Sag Aloo wouldn't win any awards for looking beautiful but for taste that dish was a perfect 10. Again the lamb was very tender like it had been all of the previous days I had eaten here. 

I was sad on Day Four because I could not make it over here to eat. I just hope that Orgin India continues making food at the LVCC for future trade shows. 

I also was lucky enough to get to meet the owner Raja. He was a very nice man and I also told him thanks for delivering delicious convention food. He told me that he had another food cart in the central hall. Wow he is a busy man. I also praised his choice of making different food every day. Raja suggested I try his mango yogurt drink called Mango Lassi. It was both refreshing and yummy, in fact I could have had this drink for a full meal. On my walk back to my booth a few people asked me where I got the bright orange color drink. It was a real attention grabber. 

I must also talk about the yogurt on the side. It is so good with fresh cucumber, carrot and spices. It is probably the best yogurt I've ever had. I was also amazed at the fresh herbs and spices they used to make the food. On two different days I found real cinnamon sticks inside the chicken dishes. There is nothing like fresh ingredients and it really shows in the taste. 

So if you are lucky enough to be attending a show at the LVCC I would highly recommend that you find either one of their locations. It's not likely you find Indian food on the show floor of a convention center. I am happy to have found this place and to have met Raja. I wish him much success but I know he doesn't need it because he cares about his food and his customers. He is a very rich man in my book. I look forward to my next trade show in Vegas because I know where I'm eating my next lunch.
