ohz8ljVxcZMo2bMGrBZfgw I was in Vegas with my family and grandfather had come with us as well, so we were looking to take him to an Indian food place for lunch. This place had a 4 star rating on yelp so we thought we should give it a try for lunch.

We walked in and the first thing I said to myself was, "wow, this is nice." The decorations were very well done, and it looked upscale unlike your typical Indian restaurant. 

Unfortunately, the lunch buffet was atrocious. There were very few choices for vegetarians, a rarity in Indian restaurants. The only vegetarian appetizer was the vegetable pakoras, which they had ran out of when we got there. They eventually made more, but we were already half way through our meal. To their credit, the pakoras were good. They had a half-ass salad along with some kidney beans. 

Both vegetarian sabzis were potato based: aloo matter and aloo gobi. Wouldn't you think not to make two very simialar dishes? It seemed like they forgot to put salt in the aloo matter while the aloo gobi tasted like there was twice as much salt as needed. The quality of the ingredients were good, but the taste was totally lacking.

Also, they had rice, but there was no form of dhal. Who eats plain rice? I understand non-Indians will just mix one of the sabzis, but if you are an Indian restaurant, please make the effort and don't cheap out. 

Finally, there was no dessert at all. What kind of lunch buffet doesn't have a dessert dish?

The service was bad as well. They clearly paid more attention to those customers ordering off the menu. I had to wait about 10 minutes to get my glass of water refilled, and there were only 3 other parties there at the time. 

The other good thing they had was their naan. It was delivered hot and fresh to your table, and it was done perfectly. The only  two things that were good were the naan and pakora.

This place maybe different for dinner or if you order off the menu, but don't even think about going here for the lunch buffet, especially if you are vegetarian.
