ohz8ljVxcZMo2bMGrBZfgw PLEASE SEE Way below for the original review, originally was rated 1 star.

The manager attempted to contact me after my review & here is the message. I do give them credit, hence the upgraded 2 stars for actually listening to their guests and attempting to make things right. But in all honestly, I was burned too many times to consider going back.



Ganesh M.
 
One month ago
Hello Ma'am my name is Ganesh and I'm the manager over at origin India. I read your review about our restaurant and to be honest with you this is the first time I am hearing about this situation. Did you get the food delivered or did you pick it up from the restaurant. If you picked it up from the restaurant would you be able to describe the person that took your order? It seems strange that I have no recollection of anyone letting me know about these situations for I would have corrected it. We would like to get to the bottom of this situation because it is very damaging to our restaurant if this situation has happened. We would like you to come back and give us another chance for us to change your mind about our restaurant. Thank you for your constructive review and please visit us soon.


_______My response:

Jen C.
Sir, I appreciate your response. And I always feel horrible giving a business a bad rating, but it's a constant & consistent problem your business has. 

I've been to your restaurant MANY MANY MANY times and literally every single time the service was horrible!!! So I started to do take-out and then even the take-out was just a joke. 

So that's why I will not come back to your establishment which really sucks for me because I think the food is terrific! 

One note I will give, is one of the many times visiting, I attempted to use an opentable check, which is just like a travelers check. Which you are supposed to accept since you are on opentable.com
The servers and supervisor that night had no idea what it was and refused to take it. That was one of my many disappointing trips in. For future, I would suggest you educated your staff on ALL payment methods.

Thanks.
