ohz8ljVxcZMo2bMGrBZfgw We were not actually planning on eating here tonight, but as we walked by the smell of the Indian food was just to good to pass up. Now we have our regular Indian restaurant that we love, but that is on the other side of town and we were meting friends close by, so Origin it is.

The decor is nice, the private dinning areas are very nicely done, a different tone from the normal Indian restaurant for sure, it would echo what was to come.

If you are expecting your normal Indian restaurant menu, you're in for a shock, however, on closer inspection, the regular menu items are there, just hidden behind the words of someone who had way to much time on their hands when the menu was put together.

For example :

Old Delhi style corn fed chicken tikka makhani prepared with ground spices and fenugreek flavoured tomato makhani sauce.

The vast majority of Indian places would simply call that Chicken Tikka Massala,  

But you get my point, study the menu and the regulars are there, also, the wait staff were more than happy to run through the menu.

There are also some "non-standard" dishes, but those will have to wait till next time as we were really in the mood for Indian comfort food.

So, Chicken Tikka Massala and Chicken Korma were ordered, along with a couple of plain naan and one Wild mushroom and truffle oil naan.

The food took about 15 minutes to come out of the kitchen, it then dawned on us both that they had not asked how hot we would like the curries, mmm, could be an issue, I like mine hot, but the wife likes hers very mild...Luckily for us, they were both mild, but then again (Indian food eaters are laughing) a Massala and a Korma really shouldn't be that spicy anyways.

The plain naan was good, the mushroom naan was very good, it actually made for a nice combination when eaten with the massala sauce.

As Frank S pointed out below, the flavours are very light and delicate, now, IMHO this is not a bad thing, especially when first being introduced to Indian food, the Korma was actually spot on, the massala needed a little more flavour to be just right.

So would I recommend Origin...Certainly, it is a decent Indian restaurant and even more so if you are just stepping into the wonderful world of Indian cuisine.

Are there better in town, yes, are the worse in town oh yeah.
