ohz8ljVxcZMo2bMGrBZfgw What happened Origin India? You used to be so good! So this is my first time coming back here since Feb. of 09, post their new chef and menu changes. I'm disappointed because they were so good and the service was so amazing before and this time around it was just not.

My friend and I walk in, get seated, and are immediately approached by a waiter inquiring on our water preference. We receive our menus and start talking and realize that we have no drink menu. Okay? Don't the two usually go together? Mid conversation we're interrupted by another waiter after we just looked at the newly received drink menu. We said we need more time and he saunters off. The menu has become this bizarre fusion without the proper names of the dishes, so it's like uh what? Basically they give you the recipe without saying what it is. My friend ordered the chicken tikka salad that was served over a minuscule bed of coarsely chopped iceberg and romaine and I ordered the lamb curry stir fry, which was really lamb vindaloo. We ordered some samosas and apricot and raisin naan to start. The waiter inquires how spicy I wanted the vindalooo and I say as spicy as it gets and that we would like the naan and the samosas to start. Please tell me why it took 10 minutes to get our cocktails in a bar that was not busy? I mean literally the bartender was just standing there doing nothing and there was no one at the bar. When we received our cocktails that were $10 in small martini glasses we were less then impressed. I ordered the orange peace margarita and my friend ordered a blackberry pomegranate concoction. We both slowly drank them, but they were not that good. So our naan arrives at the table as well as our samosas in a little tower shape with a nice presentation. The flavors were good, albeit dry. 4 minutes after that he brings the chicken tikka salad to the table after he asked when we were taking our order if we wanted the salad with the samosas or with the lamb. We said with the lamb since that was her entree. After 5 additional minutes obviously my lamb wasn't coming and he forgot they were supposed to be served together. So she ate and I just sat there. Fun times. After she was done, the lamb got brought to the table and I literally could barely eat it. My fault because I said as spicy as it gets, but that was ridiculous. I can usually take spicy but damn. He asked how everything was, I said really really spicy and he brought over some raita.  It still wasn't good after that, and when he inquired later on how I was doing, I still said it's really spicy and he awkwardly laughed and walked away. He didn't ask do you want me to have the kitchen make another one for you? Nope, he just giggled and walked away. WTF?! Now I could understand if I ate half of the dish but I had a little corner of my plate with the lamb on it and some rice. It felt like it was his first waiting tables job and it was just off. Yes, the waiter was nice but it felt like a poorly operated faux fine dining experience. They were not trained properly on etiquette, nor timing. We paid our $60 bill and left. I boxed up my vindaloo and took it home and ended up just throwing it away anyway because I knew I wasn't going to eat it, I just couldn't justify spending $21 for something and not eating it. Oh and also, the lamb didn't come with rice it was a $3 upcharge. Ridiculous. 

After the great experience I had to that is just disappointing, and it was my birthday last night to boot. I'm kind of undecided if I want to go back after that.
