ohz8ljVxcZMo2bMGrBZfgw My friend and I were in the mood for some Indian cuisine. 4 stars on Yelp is pretty good, right? Unfortunately, the best thing that can be said about this place is it has a nice interior, more upscale than your typical Indian establishment. Otherwise, the food was decidedly mediocre and the service was absolutely atrocious, some of the worst I've experienced in a long time. But let's start from the beginning...

On a big banner right outside the restaurant, they advertised a 3-course dinner for two for $29.99. Upon inquiring about this option, our waiter informed us that special was no longer being offered and they've been meaning to take it down. However, they did have a 5-course tasting menu, served family-style, for $45 per person! Now either the waiter was bullshitting us or their website which advertises the same special is out-of-date as well. Either way, this is what you call a classic "bait and switch" and FALSE advertising! We should have taken the hint and walked out then, but we were hungry. Unfortunately this same thought would be a recurring theme throughout the rest of the evening. So we asked what was included in the 5-course tasting menu and were not terribly excited by what we heard and it didn't seem worth anywhere near $90 for the two of us. We asked for a "few more minutes" to peruse the menu.

After about 5 minutes, we decided to get the sweet apricot and raisin naan ($4), chicken tikka makhani ($13), seven spice veal ($25), baby eggplant ($11), and 2 side dishes of chana massala and aloo gobi ($7 each). Oh and we had to pay another $3 for a single order rice because none of the entrees came with any! We ended up waiting another 15 minutes before another waiter spotted us looking a bit perturbed and asked if we needed anything. We told him we were ready to order. I thought he was going to take our order but instead he just told our original waiter that we were ready and would be "right with us". Our waiter was running a couple's credit card with one of those portable terminals right at their table. After the receipt was signed, the waiter continued to idly chat with them for another 5 minutes or so. Then our waiter disappeared into the kitchen or God knows where for another 10 minutes before finally coming to take our order. He apologized for us waiting "a few minutes" (yeah right, try half an hour). I would be more understanding if they were really busy, but less than 1/5 of the tables were occupied. I know, I know, we should've walked out already.

So finally our order is in, but we wait and wait and we wait some more. We continue to watch other customers who sat down after us and ordered after us, get their food first and in one case, actually pay the bill and leave! At this point I am so incredibly green with envy of the customers who have the "other waiter". After about half an hour, they finally bring out all the food at once. At this point, we were absolutely ravenous, but our spirits lifted in the hopes that it would be worth the wait.

Unfortunately, while the food satiated our hunger pangs, it was substandard Indian fare. The naan was not crispy at all but rather thick and gummy. It didn't contain very much apricot or raisin and no chutney, tamarind, mint, or any kind of condiments were offered. The chicken makhani, usually one of my favorites, was kind of bland. It lacked the spicy complexity that a good curry should have. The chicken didn't seem to be marinated at all. It was dry and was probably cooked separately and then tossed into the curry at the end. The aloo gobi was mostly potato and contained very little cauliflower. We both got bitefuls of undercooked, semi-raw potato as well. The chana massala, veal, and baby eggplant dishes fared no better.

During this time, no one stopped by to ask how the food was. Nobody offered to refill our nearly empty glasses of water until we were ready to pay the check. After asking for the check, we waited over 15 minutes before our waiter returned and was expecting to collect the check. When we explained that we still had not received the check, he disappeared for another 4-5 minutes before finally returning with our check. We usually pay via credit card, but decided that we better settle up in cash lest we want to spend another half an hour waiting. I almost never leave no tip, but I'm thinking this is one of the rare situations that qualify. However, my friend lobbies hard to leave at least 10%. As we're walking back to our cars, a Black crack whore tries to solicit us. Ah, a fitting end to such a memorable evening!

Here's the executive summary: nice interior ambiance, over-priced mediocre food, horrendous service. I am sorely tempted to give this 1-star but since the food was at least edible (except for the undercooked potatoes) I suppose it just BARELY merits 2 stars. Take my advice: save your money AND time. Don't do it. Just go somewhere else, like Mount Everest, Namaste, or Samosa Factory.
