ohz8ljVxcZMo2bMGrBZfgw So I've eaten at Origin India a handful of times and have had wildly different experiences.  If I were to have judged based solely on the time I came for a lunch during the week, I might have gone with two stars.  They didn't want to serve me off the menu, the server was rude and unhelpful, and the food wasn't anything special.  Or there was the time I came on a late Sunday afternoon and I didn't have anyone even talk to me for the first 20 minutes after I had been seated.... 

So, why am I going with four stars?  Well, when this place is good, it's five-star good.  The servers are friendly and attentive, the food is tasty and flavorful, and you can usually find a deal to help on the cost.  The restaurant itself is beautiful and makes a great date spot.

We are always seated quickly even when the place is packed.  Usually we have someone ready to get our drink orders asap (except on super busy Sunday afternoons) and they are pretty good about refills.

My husband and I always order the same items at every Indian restaurant: a mango lassi, garlic naan, vegetable samosas, saag paneer, and vegetable korma.  All of these are done well here.  I wish the mango lassi was a little bigger and the garlic naan a little more doughy, but overall everything is great.  This is the place where I found enormous chunks of cheese in my saag paneer and that put a big grin on my face.

Just a few fyi's: sign up for their frequent diner card and get $15 off every time you spend $100, find coupons through yelp/restaurant.com/etc, I've noticed their food is a tad spicier than other Indian places so be careful if you don't like heat, I don't really recommend coming at lunch considering the difference in service I've had at dinner time, their food is a little more upscale so they may have some different items than other Indian restaurants.

All that being said, the majority of the time Origin India is great.  Just please don't hate on me if you catch them on a crazy Sunday afternoon.
