0zTLMQOZhiCp9GFtegiFsw WE HAVE NO IDEA HOW THIS PLACE HAS ANY GOOD REVIEWS! We've had both Groupons and restaurant.com certificates for this restaurant that supposedly cover a certain amount of money, but they always screw you out of money here. They find out you're using a coupon and they turn into assholes, and then they sit there and type extra charges into your bill before allowing you to pay. 

We've visited with groupons supposedly good for two buffets and we've been charged ten dollars-we were literally charged for the amount the groupon was supposed to save us plus tax. This time we came in with a buy 15, get 15 restaurant certificate, and the buffet is only 11.95 per person, so we asked for 3 teas to go and said we'd pay the extra dollar & all tax(teas are supposed to be two dollars each), but they wouldn't give us any AND they charged us extra cash. This place has no honor or integrity. I love indian food but frequent this place the least out of the whole east valley. You'd practically save money going anywhere else, since no other local indian restaurant appears to be run by ragey, bold-faced liars. 17+ dollar per person buffet? ????

Regarding the service: 
When you're seated, here, they pour you some moldy water and leave. They don't take the extra place settings from your table so you're sitting there nervously trying to not touch the extra folded napkins on the table because you KNOW they're going to just leave them for the next customers which makes YOU feel responsible for THEIR customer service-as if it's the job of one of their customers to not ruin the evening of whatever group next uses the same dirty table. Watched a customer there use another folded napkin at their table to prop up their cell phone to read something and then that napkin was used by the next guest to be seated. Isn't that some sort of germ hazard? Anyway. Three swole college guys came in and they were treated like a huge hassle-the owners lurked over them and whined that they were taking too much each time any of them went back to the buffet. They got no naan. We were given a single naan between the two of us and our water was never refilled-and that was before we even showed them the coupon. After you show them a coupon they become outright hostile every single time.

Another fun fact regarding this place-the first time I went, I lost my wallet inside, and then when I returned in a panic looking for it while multiple adult men sullenly stared at me from behind the counter, they didn't even let me know they HAD it-behind that very counter-that I'd LEFT it ON the counter while paying-until I got a feeling they had it & demanded it. Why would they need to keep my wallet?

My husband wants me to point out that it's hard to even eat 11.95 worth of food when their buffet is too spiced for the indian people eating there, let alone your average ASU student-the amount of heat in their buffet is clearly a measure taken to get people to not eat much. He was up in the middle of the night to eat yogurt from the horrible heartburn it gave us, and we cook curries weekly at home, so I don't even know how people that aren't used to it could possibly handle it. We'd determined in the past that although they are open late into the night, you can't go later because the food just gets more and more hot as it sits. We went late several months ago and he literally formed sores in his mouth WHILE eating it, it was SO overspiced. Not only that but they even keep the only decent dish empty no matter what time of the afternoon or evening you visit, probably to make sure no one can take much of it. This place would barely be worth the groupon's cost-it's not even worth full price considering the service and product. &The desserts(which they're... known for?) are grossly oversweet. Each and every one of them. :( It's hard to balance the spice with the kheer when it's a sugarcube.

I don't usually give bad reviews, i'd like to throw that out there: This place is terrible. I don't like being around people I can't trust or that don't have pride in providing good service or even seeming reasonably logical.

The logic is the ultimate reason for this review. Let's lay out why their behavior is untenable... They both: 1: get nasty as fuck with you: 2: fail to honor their coupons. That's illogical as hell. What makes them think they can do both and still seem like a viable business? Now, don't get me wrong, I know it's not particularly viable to not honor your own coupons. However, they need to choose one or the other... They ought to either: 1: get nasty as fuck with you BECAUSE they are honoring your coupon and are upset about it, or 2: Be extremely courteous about not honoring the coupon. Where in the fucking hell do they get off being rude, while invalidating their reasoning to be rude? That's crazy!

I'm sure it's clear to see that after being to this place several times and always being treated like trash, we are seething.
