OPSNdO3LNPMt7qz1MNb42g I had (1) Turban Weekday (buffet) = $11.99 + tax -- (1) Pav Bhaji = $10.95 + tax -- my grand total was $24.80.

There were some good points and bad points about this place:

The GOOD:
The pav bhaji was delicious. The buffet had some tasty selections such as the tender butter chicken... and the goat curry was a little spicier and had more of a (welcomed) kick than the goat curry I've had at Angara Indian Spice Grill. The buffet is $12 which is standard fare for Indian food buffets in Vegas. The Gulab jamun (dessert) (also on the buffet) are like little delicte pancake balls swimming in pancake syrup -- they are awesome

The BAD:
I went here SPECIFICALLY because they have Pav Bhaji and almost NONE of the other Indian restaurants in town have this. For the uninformed, Pav Bhaji is a street food in Mumbai (a/k/a Bombay, the capital and most populous city in India), it is a curry that consists of mashed potatoes and tomatoes and a bunch of other veggies... Now, I'm sure (over there in Mumbai) Pav Bhaji is only like $1-$5... but here it 'says' it's $9.50 but when I got my check it said it was $10.95 (yikes!) -- Plus, it doesn't look like they made the rolls (literally the 'pav' in 'pav bhaji') from scratch... it looks like they just got some standard dinner rolls from a local grocery store and toasted them too crispy... I was expecting hot soft yeast rolls with butter on top... plus the portion size was disappointing seeing as how it's $10.95 (see my pics)

The naan (bread) -- which came free upon request with the buffet purchase --  was burnt and (practically tasteless) it tasted like old leftover crispy pizza crust... good thing it was free because if I had paid for it I'd be pissed.

The 'tandoori' chicken wasn't cooked authentically (see pics) as REAL Tandoori chicken is cooked in a tandoor -- a clay pot -- hence the name tandoori chicken... this was just grilled chicken coated in tandoori spices... so it was definitely missing some of that smokey flavor you'd get if you ACTUALLY cooked it in a tandoor -- the BEST Tandoori chicken I've had came from India Palace

The food on the buffet was good but the buffet was generally small when compared to other Indian buffets

This place is really dark... now, I've come to know that that's apparently 'the thing' in Indian restaurants (in India)... that dark ('romantic') atmosphere... but this was at 11 am in the morning and I felt like I needed a flashlight... kinda annoying.

Portion size vs price is one of the main reasons Chinese food will always be a better choice over Indian food in Las Vegas
