OPSNdO3LNPMt7qz1MNb42g A solid 3.5 star from me.

My friend and I decided to dine at Urban Turban last night just to see if it was any good! Plus we haven't had Indian food in a while ... and it's new! We love trying out new places to see how they are compared to the ones we always go to! 

Urban Turban gives a very modern feel when you first enter the restaurant. The establishment is quite big, their dining area and their bar area is actually separated which is pretty nice. Though, I would've never thought that Urban Turban would be an Indian restaurant if it weren't for me seeing them on yelp and/or the writings on the walls. Everything about the establishment was modern ... like it's American. It's a nice change from the typical Indian restaurants though..

Aside from my friend and I, there was only one other party in the dining area. Therefore, the service was quite prompt and very friendly. Our server gave us suggestions on what to order and what he liked from the menu. I actually do appreciate a knowledgeable server, especially when the establishment is new. It typically means they know how to train their employees (and feed them of course) !!

We thoroughly looked at the menu...they had some classics and they had BOTTOMLESS CURRIES. You know what that means! It means unlimited curry for whoever ordered them. However, naan and rice are not included in this all you can slurp curry goodness. 

I ended up choosing their chicken tikki masala. The server gave me a little warning that their masala was tomatoe based so it is kind gravy. I was a little hesitant about that cause when they say it's tomatoe based, it tends to be on the tangy side but what the heck..I really wanted to try it. I also mentioned how I like my food spicy and the server responded with how they will take care of that. My friend, on the other hand, ordered one of their bottomless curries: himalayan chicken. 

The food came out quickly, which was nice. The chicken tikki masala did have a nice gravy texture to it, which I did like. I don't typically like my sauces very watery if I have it with rice. The sauce wasn't tangy at all even though you could taste hints of tomatoe base but it was sweet. The sweetness of it kind of threw me off. On top of it, it had a bit of a kick to it. I enjoy the level of spice they put in it...it was enough for it to make a presence but not enough for me to say spicy. 

The chicken in the curry was amazing. Every bite was tender and juicy. It was probably my favorite part of the dish. The rice was very fine .. it was a little odd because I'm eating it but it feels like I'm not eating it. I know, perhaps it's me that's odd. I do like the rice though but I had to make sure not to mix too much sauce with it. With how fine the rice is, it could easily drown in the sauce then I'd just be eating the sauce. The naan seems normal to me... 

One thing I did notice was that my friend's Himalayan chicken curry was on the watery side. I guess I'm just so used to a thicker consistency with curry that his curry was a little odd to me. Maybe that's just how it is! I'm no expert on Indian food ... so I guess you can start disregarding my whole review HAHA!

As for dessert, we both had a paan shot, which was one of the things that many reviews suggested. My friend liked the shot cause he said all he could taste was cream. However, it is definitely NOT my cup of tea. Yes, it was like a milk/cream type of drink and then it had a herbal-floral note at the end of it and that was like a huge stop sign for me. I simple cannot consume that type of flavor. I gave the rest to my friend (: 

We also got to have a few words with the general manager of the location. From what he's told us, they do make the dishes as they are ordered so you can absolutely customize the dish to your liking, such as wanting it to be more spicy. Also, their food is like Indian food for the American palette, which I suppose you could consider Urban Turban to be Indian fusion. 

I would also just like to say that our server was amazing and the service he provided was awesome. He was very friendly and very willing to start a conversation with us at any point of time. We really enjoyed our time there.

Overall, it's decent food. Interesting twist. The quality of the ingredients is definitely better than some of the other Indian restaurants that I've had. However, the price point was definitely a negative from me. The chicken tikki masala at almost $17 and the himalayan chicken curry at $18...the prices are quite steep compared to a lot of other Indian restaurants in the city. Granted, the himalayan chicken curry is bottomless but rice is not included .. most people that I know would eat curry WITH rice so you'd have to order MORE rice if you want MORE curry. On top of it all, the dishes are made with the American palette in mind ... I would honestly like something more traditional.
