OPSNdO3LNPMt7qz1MNb42g 07/19/15
DINNER

Let me sum it up. Las Vegas has a great selection of Indian food, off-Strip and off-Downtown. Better than any I ever found in my 41 years of living in LA. Take your pick of restaurants, you'll get variations of cuisines and quality of experience from very good to fantastic. Buffets or ala carte, both experiences are outstanding. Now, we have ONE favorite Indian restaurant out of all of them, but Urban Turban has now moved up to number two, and may overtake number one, judging upon what we encounter during our next visit to the fave.

OK. Now the details.

My spouse and I had been to Urban Turban one time before, using a Travelzoo for their tapas items. We loved the food and drinks, and wanted to return. So when a friend decided to host a party to celebrate his return visit to Vegas, he asked if we'd like to attend, and we did.

We arrived before everyone else in the party. Jose, the restaurant host who later became our waiter, asked if we'd like to wait in the bar for the rest of our party. Sure!

Our bartender, forgot her name but she had just moved here from Texas, was new yet very attentive and engaging. We each got a great cocktail from her, me an Old Fashioned, my spouse a concoction containing St George gin & absinthe called Kiss of the Cobra, subtle in flavor (hard to believe) yet very strong. And Jose, out of the blue, brought to the bar, gratis, a small plate of something that resembled Indian nachos (but not as messy), and those were terrific.

The party of 8 present, we sat in the bar area at a high top for dinner. Jose was extremely knowledgeable regarding all of the food. First Jose got out of the kitchen more of those nachos we had at the bar, for everyone else to try. Then everyone ordered their food.

Our party host and others present were quite generous, purchasing a few additional dishes for the table, I think mostly due to the menu being so interesting. Those passed dishes were:

- Lamb Sliders: I didn't try these, as I was having lamb for dinner, but everyone who tried it liked it a lot.

- Mushroom Sweet Garlic: Fried mushrooms. Yum.

- Bhel: A fascinating and delicious dish. Rice puffs (like Rice Crispies) tossed with veges (particularly those tomatoes) and a tamarind sauce. I've never ordered such a thing in an Indian restaurant, and I've had lots of Indian food in the past. LOVED this dish. Our party host referred to it as "Indian breakfast food" to the unknowing at the table. He had had it before and loves it.

- Fried Onions: I didn't catch the name, but that was basically what they were. Very good.

Next came the entrees.

Urban Turban has numerous entree selections, but also has a section in the menu entitled "Bottomless Curries". Containing 7 different dishes of chicken, lamb and vegetarian in nature, you can eat as much as you want of the main portiona, but you only get the initial naan, rice and salad with the first serving. I ordered the bottomless Bombay Lamb Masala, which was lovely and quite hot with spice. (My spouse and I can take intense heat, and sometimes request it, but this time I preferred it not be too extreme, and this was perfect.) My spouse had the bottomless Egg Curry, which is a street fave in Bombay, and very unusual. Hard boiled eggs in a sauce, it was completely different from my sauce and also lovely. Our party host was flipping out that they had the Egg Curry dish at all, he ordered it, and then he went on to say that it had the best plain rice he had ever eaten in any Indian restaurant. My spouse and I ate only one additional bowl after the first, and that was more than enough.

Someone at the table ordered bottomless Butter Chicken, which I tried, again it was completely different from any other sauces I had and was terrific. Another ordered bottomless Palak Paneer Masala, which contained spinach and those Indian cheese cubes, the dish like a Saag Paneer, and that was great. She even asked for her second bowl to be "Indian hot", and she was quite pleased. And another ordered the Garlic Shrimp Flatbread, and that looked great.

At the very end our party host decided to try something else unusual, so he ordered the In-House Made Ice Cream. He chose 2 flavors: betel nut and rose. The betel nut was really weird, but good. Bright green in color like basil, a slight anise flavor to it (someone said Good & Plentys but with mint), we all loved it. The rose was also outstanding. I'm not a huge rose fan, but this hit it out of the park. Both were unusual, tasting more of shaved ice from the Hawaiian places around town, but definitely Indian in style.

During the entire meal Jose was jovial, entertaining, extremely informative, passionate, a fun and fantastic waiter.

My spouse and I will definitely be back.

And watch out, our number one, there's a new competitor in your quality range in town!
