OsB_ZtFAaLDCPzvlAjHQ-w If you don't give this place at least a 4/5 well then you Dum son! While there might be an endless stream of mildly hilarious puns a white dude like me could make about this name at first glance, I'd be remiss if I didn't explain what the name actually means (to show I'm not ignorant). 

Dum Pukht, according to a new Yelp friend of mine, means "that which is cooked with steam". However, It should mean "That which is cooked perfectly and full with flavour" because in my humble opinion, the food here is on point!!

Our group split up into smaller groups of 3-4 to allow for easier sharing  and bill splitting, and while I was looking with FOMO as the others got their food, I feel our dining trio did pretty well.

We ordered the Mango salad, Veggie Samosa Appetizer, Butter Chicken, the Dum Pukht special shrimp Biryani another chicken dish (yellow sauce) and Garlic Naan.

The mango salad was pretty good, having ordered this dish in Thai restaurants I was expecting something similar, so I was surprised then it was actually a lettuce and mango mixture. Still great though and very flavourful and refreshing. 

The samosa was quite small and you received 4 in an order. That said, they were prepared fresh and came out piping hot and full of flavour.

The butter chicken was just shy of a religious experience for my mouth. I know it's hard to tell the difference between one butter chicken and another. But believe me when the chicken is moist still and the sauce is so velvety that is slides across your tongue with ease - you'll know the difference between good bad and HALLELUJAH!!! Paired with the garlic buttery naan and I could have married this dish (if I wasn't already engaged).

Equally delicious was the special DP shrimp biryani which was packed with shrimp and them topped with naan (like a bread bowl almost) and baked/finished in the tandoor. The best is the presentation at the table when the server cuts open the bowl for you and pulls back the bread to reveal what treasures await you inside!

Definitely coming back when I'm in Markham, especially when the bill for 3 of us (including drinks) was less than $80! Come here, have the butter chicken...

Eatcrest Out!
