OZF7EM-W-2-V0LQOYSYhBA we came in and ordered dinner for two plus chili chicken. we came cuz a taxi driver recommended this place cuz it was like 2mins drive from my house(he wasn't Chinese. so I thought tonight maybe a good time to try it. I love to find new places close to home.). The place wasn't too bad. the service is really slow and kinda bad as they you have to call them all the time. the food was filled with sauce, so much sugar and salt. the food wasn't bad as it was edible. however, it wasn't Chinese food or good Hakka food. it was bland and non spicy. our egg fried rice was really burnt... U could smell it when the lady brought it and it had burnt pieced like charred rice in it.... you really can't serve that... not at home and never in a restaurant... this place really doesnt care about quality or freshness or anything rather... the place wasn't really to clean either... but not many Asian places are spotless clean, so I can't complain about that. 
THE only complaint would be me wanting to pay but there was a dessert and it was fried banana and ice cream. I don't mind the desert... but waiting to 20mina for it, I rather not. plus I could've paid first.... but they just won't give me the bill... came by 3 times and just said "oh you have dessert", I tired to till them in both English and Cantonese cuz I heard them talking... that I could just pay first and i don't really want dessert t.t but they didn't listen.... so I wasted 20mins waiting and ended up trying the dessert.... 2 pieces of fried banana... and one small scoop of really sweet vanilla ice cream. ..  not worth waiting. ... I dont think this place caters to Chinese people.... we were the only Chinese beside the working staff there. the rest of the customers were Indian or white... so all I can say is... evem if it's hakka Indian Chinese food. . it's really western really fake hakka Chinese food. I've had better... I really don't see how this place can survive so long..  are the customers that come here ones with no expectations of food... or taste buds..  there is some serious health issues that can develop if you can eat that much sauce weekly even once.... and honestly this place feels like a really bad version of really fake western Chinese food.... the menu has no Chinese... it's all English .... no wonder no Chinese people come here...  Try this place with caution... it barely passes as hakka Indian Chinese food at all...
