p_1TYCJ8oVgrnuhWC9e6cQ While we stayed in Tranent my other half took me out to dinner, and while Kashmir Valley was not our first choice, it was amongst those recommended to us by our host at the B & B.  When we wandered in, we weren't quite sure that they were opened, and the man behind the counter didn't say anything right away, which led to some confusion and my asking an Asian man who was waiting for his own food order whether they were open or not - you could just taste the awkward!

Well, with that embarrassment out of the way, we were seated at a table and the man who had been behind the counter became our waiter.  It looked as though we were the only people in, and so it remained for the entirety of our stay.  I get the feeling that this business gets most of its custom through take-away and their Sunday buffet.

The food itself was tasty, well portioned, and very well presented.  To start, I ordered a prawn cocktail (I know, a prawn cocktail in an Indian... I had a hankering!) and Harry ordered the mixed kebab which came with two sauces.  When the sauces arrived for the mixed kebab, they were just planked on the table with no explanation - we thought they might be for the mains or some complimentary dish, as there was a lot of sauce for one person's starter.  Anyway, the prawn cocktail was tasty, but could have done with a wedge of lemon, and Harry really enjoyed his mixed kebab.  For the mains, I ordered the Kashmir Chicken, which sounded amazing with banana, lychee, and pineapple, and Harry ordered the lamb bhuna.  We also ordered rice and a garlic naan on the side.  The mains were in metal dishes with candles underneath to keep them warm, and the rice came on one huge platter.  There was so much of it!  And the naan was just smelling of garlic-buttery spectacularness.  I very much enjoyed my dish, though it did have dairy in it...  I should have suspected, but usually the menu gives an indicator if the sauce is to be creamy or not.  Still, very nice indeed.  Having tasted a sneaky bit of the lamb bhuna, I can also attest that it was also very tasty, and the naan bread was just as good as it looked and smelled!

Based on food, this would be a 4 star review, but the big let-down was the service.  Our waiter, though polite and attentive, was just a bit miserable and seemed to want to do the bare minimum to check the customer service box.  I almost felt as though we were intruding in his domain just a little bit.  Perhaps it was because we were the first people in that night, I'm not sure.  I would still eat here again, though.  The food is definitely worth a second go.
