P2uPCEBP2VZsApnvEHCgag This place lingered in near obscurity when it first opened a few years back.  They stayed strong and were rewarded with one of the most consistently packed places in the area.  Maybe it's because they finally got rid of the silly limited buffet and went full time with it.  Indian food is a fickle creature for those of us who weren't raised on it.  It behooves us to try mostly everything.  Most people would agree that chicken tikka masala (the general tso's of indian food) is probably the most accessible, but why would you just get that?  If you only get tikka masala here, you're worse than those people you knew in high school who ordered the burger when it was all you can eat wings night (those people today are now in loveless marriages, AT BEST.  Most likely still living in their parents basement and being very indignant on social media as if their opinion means anything, to hell with them).  I guess the point of this drivel is this: GET THE BUFFET.  It is a smorgasbord of delicious flavors.  My personal favorite is their chicken chili and mushroom manchurian (the latter isn't always on there, but it is delightful).  For those of use with the eating disorder known as veganism, this makes me more empathetic to your misguided stance (for those of you morally righteous college students, veganism is the ULTIMATE privilege).  All of the vegan options here are rich and flavorful.  Wow..did I get personal there.  Anyways....

Naan is probably the current championship belt holder in the World Bread Federation.  Pita has made some strong strides, and Italy was reigning for so long (a la Bruno Samartino, thus capping off this brilliant analogy), but I think garlic naan wins and will hold the title for a long time.  All India's garlic naan is untouchable.  I love when they bring it out onto the buffet and you open up the tray, only to get a faceful of garlic steam, like vampire pepper spray, but since I'm human, I remain undeterred and dig in.  Naan also is basically an edible spoon, which sops up the delicious sauce soup (which doesn't sound delicious at all, but trust me, I have no reason to deceive you) that ends up on your plate.  

All India is great...not high art...but when you have so many A's, you don't need a valedictorian (this sounds kind of profound, but the more I read into it, it makes zero sense, but for the integrity of the review, I must keep the stream of consciousness flowing).

The ever so slightest complaint though...the water service can be a little slow when they are backed up.  With all of the dishes they serve, you will inevitably get dry-mouthed.  But this is so small, I can't ding them a star.  

IF THIS RESTAURANT WERE A MUSICIAN/BAND:  Bob Marley.  A great introduction for those of us not ingrained in the reggae music..it should be all you really need to appreciate it.
