P6JCepLy6zlq-jEsrAqkKA Having a craving for something spiced and exotic and motivated by a friend's comments that, "there is a good Indian place over on Queen," I ventured out in hopes of finding something deliciously curried. Upon arrival we found that this is an odd spot on Queen West where a string of three of four Indian restaurants are all lined up side-by-side, so which to choose?

One thing I love about Toronto restaurants that you won't always find in smaller cities are menus posted on the outside of the building.  Little India stood out for it's well-organized, easy to understand and well-priced menu - in we went.

It is definitely an intimate spot, having no real capacity to hold very large groups, but was still quite comfortable for our dining duo. It was a cold Thursday night and not overly busy, so it did not feel crowded, and it gave the servers that much more time to be attentive.

The menu is substantial and has a variety of dishes. The price range is about $15 - $20 for an entrée, but be sure to ask which ones come with rice or Naan and which don't so that you can order them on the side.  First up was the mixed platter appetizer, which included samosas, onion bhajia, pakora and spring rolls. Everything was crispy, hot and just the right size for something before the entrée-and it came in at under $5.

For the main, I ordered the chicken kebab and my dinner partner had the Madras chicken.  Fair warning: if they tell you it's going to be hot, then it's truly hot.  We are all too accustomed to those Canadian-ized restaurants that tone down their spiciness to appease the masses, and it is arguable that Little India may do this too, but in any case, take the servers' recommendations to heart.  I do enjoy some heat, but my taste buds can't handle extremes, so I steered clear on this occasion-except for a little taste of the Madras.  For those of you who do like spice, you'll love this!  It has that heat that creeps up after a few bites, not that punch-in-the-face-burn that you might get from cheap chicken wings covered in Frank's Red Hot. Our server did lean my friend toward the less-spicy of the dishes she was deciding between at first, much to her dismay, but as it turns out his suggestion right on.  As for my tamer dish, it had more of a Mediterranean flavour to it; grilled, lemony and came with a cucumber salad garnished with cilantro.  It was a happy reminder of summer while dining in the depths of winter.

One of the greatest things about this restaurant is something I was not even able to take advantage of: the lunch buffet.  This is a bit of a hike from my own home and workplace, but for those of you in the area, I say go for it!  Buffets have a bit of a bad reputation (and for the most part it's well-deserved), but a small arrangement at a non-chain location like this can be a perfect opportunity to try a variety of what is on the menu, especially if it is food you're mostly unfamiliar with.

Overall, I can't leave you saying it was the very best Indian cuisine I've ever had, but I can say that I wasn't disappointed, and I would go back again-especially for that buffet.
