pHSHm72bwR09Mt022CVvrw Taj Mahal has a very good Indian buffet. First off, it has variety that other places can't even come close to. Seriously, you will be shocked by how many things the are that you actually want to eat. 

Here's what I remember from my last visit to the Thursday night dinner buffet: goat curry, chicken tikka masala, chicken curry, chicken biryani, tandoori chicken, palak paneer, vegetable korma, dal makhni, channa masala, sambar, chilli chicken, indo-chinese style noodles, broccoli Manchurian, eggplant, minced paneer with cashews, naan, chaat masala, samosa, fried spinach salad, gulab jamun, kheer, mango pudding, semolina pudding, chutneys... Like no joke! It's insane! (Typing that list with predictive text fighting me every step of the way was exhausting, by the way.) 

And not only do they have lots of food, it's all really good too. The old standbys like tikka masala and biryani are well-seasoned and nicely prepared, but I really like how they always feature some less-common dishes. For example, the paneer with cashew dish was totally new to me, and it was amazing. Super rich, as you might imagine, and almost meaty for the vegetarians out there. One time they had LAMB BIRYANI. On the buffet. That was a day to go down in history, it was so good. And I've never seen such good quality lamb on a buffet!

So, why not 5 stars? Well, a few reasons. Occasionally we have had pieces of chicken that just didn't taste right. Perhaps undercooked, or just a weird piece, but it has happened a couple of times. Mostly though, I'm deducting a star because Taj Mahal is just not a very comfortable place to dine. It's quite bright, even at dinner, when lower light or--dare I say it-- candles would be nice. The tables are extremely close together and can be wobbly. There are no booths and you feel very out-in-the-open wherever you sit. Generally the atmosphere doesn't lend itself to a nice, relaxing meal out, which is odd because it is decorated nicely and is going for a more upscale look. Now, this is no fault of the restaurant, but every single time I've eaten there, there has been at least one crying baby or screaming child. Every. Single. Time. While they can't banish the babies, it might help if they would open the back dining room when it's available to spread diners out more, or get some smaller tables so they can accommodate more patrons comfortably. 

While the dining room isn't the most comfortable place on earth, you can be sure that won't stop me from enjoying the plethora of delicious dishes at Taj Mahal!
