pHSHm72bwR09Mt022CVvrw We have been here a few times in the past for ordering off the menu as well as to eat from the buffet.  All of our visits were generally very nice (well, except for one waiter who tried to correct us when ordering, telling us to order something different cause we wouldn't like what we ordered), and we usually prefer the variety of their nice buffet which is now available every night. 

Anyhow, we hadn't been in a few years, knew they had gone through a remodel, and wanted to use our B1G1 from the Entertainment book....so off we went on a Friday evening at 6:30PM.  First of all, the exterior is much nicer and the interior looks very similar but with a much-needed upgrade to this decade. It isn't overly fancy or sophisticated and you won't find an ambience where you are inclined to chill for a few hours (they don't have a bar, no surprise) but it is much improved and nice.

We seated ourselves and had prompt and friendly service for the whole meal. Water was always kept full and they quickly answered any questions we had about their MASSIVE new menu (probably 8-10 pages front and back).  You get a free plate of Papadum (some tasty thin crackers) with some dipping sauces/ flavors. We ordered the Naan bread basket (way too much for 2 people!, pretty buttery), Shrimp Saagwala (request 5 level heat), and  Chef's special Biryani. They were all delicious, very flavorful, nicely presented, and HUGE portions. The shrimp turned out to have little spice heat, but the Biryani was pretty darned spicy. We could only eat half the bread, and maybe half of each entree.

No issues with the Entertainment card, and both the server and the owner thanked us for coming in.  I do miss the communal tip jar at the door that they used to use, but everything else is still great. 

Anytime I need some great affordable Indian food or want to hang out with the local NPR crowd (never seen so many long beards, tweed jackets, and hybrid cars in the North Hills in awhile), this will be where I go.
