pHSHm72bwR09Mt022CVvrw We went here because we were craving Indian food and were going to be in the area. We landed here on a Saturday afternoon around 3pm. It was a buffet day, which was great because we'd never been to The Taj Mahal before and we were looking forward to trying all they had to offer. I haven't been in Pittsburgh long & I'm still on the hunt for a great Indian restaurant. The place was about 1/3 full, which we figured was a good sign. The food on the buffet was hot and fresh. There was a lot of variety and mostly the food was tasty, even if it wasn't as spicy as I would have hoped. 

That said, I will never, ever go back. The service was absolutely awful! At first the hostess tried to seat us at a table where there was no way for me to get into the chair since it was so close to the table & chair behind it. The guy that was at the table nearby even gave the hostess a look that, to me, seemed to say, 'you're kidding, right?' At 5'4" and under 150 pounds, I don't require much space, but there was no way I was going to squeeze into & out of that seat without bumping into the guy behind me every time I got up to go to the buffet. We asked for a different table, which didn't seem to be a huge problem, but the hostess was determined to seat us at a 2-seater even though the place wasn't even half full. The many tables that were waiting to be cleaned off made that impossible to do right away. Thus, we waited patiently for her to clean a table, even though we were standing by 3 perfectly clean (& set) 4-seater tables. After that, she was just plain rude to us. We sat down & waited for a while, but nobody came by to bring flatware or napkins or offer menus. So, we walked over to the buffet, helped ourselves, and picked up some flatware from a neighboring table. Still no drinks though... We grabbed a few glasses from a nearby table and put them on our table hoping that one of the people that kept walking through the dining area w/ water pitchers would fill them. Still no luck. That darn hostess, who was now pointedly ignoring us, even replaced the glasses on the table next to us & STILL DID NOT BRING US WATER or offer any drinks at all. It wasn't until I spotted a cart full of water pitcher and went to fill our glasses myself that an very kind, matronly woman offered to do it for me. We did get one table-side refill, but I eventually ended up going to get a water pitcher & bringing it to our table before we left. We were here 45 minutes, tops. We could not get out of there fast enough.

To round out the awful service, the place is filthy. The walls are dirty. The black tablecloths were covered in curry & various sauces. The salt & pepper shakers on our table looked like they hadn't been cleaned in ages (very glad we had no need of them). The buffet was clean & tidy! However, the floor was covered in food from one end of the restaurant to the other. Lastly, vacated tables sat there dirty for far too long. Tables that were waiting to be cleared when we came in were just getting cleared as we were paying our check.   

The search for a great Indian restaurant continues.
