pJrM4yAZo0Gs63D9UCyCSQ How should we start

Called a week or two ahead for 15 people. Called & emailed the day before to say we'd be closer to 10.

Poured out wine into the wrong people's glasses then tried to throw our glasses out. Even though we were only 9 people they forgot drinks. Tried to take away mid-done glasses of gin. Poured white wine into half filled glasses of people's rosé. The chef made a point of visiting the table once asked and was more than friendly but that didn't make up for the waitresses lack of attention. 

We weren't allowed to only have portions for the number of people who showed up. We were stuck with the portions for 15 people despite telling them a day in advance and despite telling them at the time we were less people. It's a Friday night. It's IMPOSSIBLE that the food UNCOOKED would have gone bad before their next service. ENTIRELY un-effing-acceptable. I couldn't believe a restaurant would act so recklessly when it comes to people buying 7+ $8 drinks on top of 6 bottles of wine and gave advanced notice of a possibly smaller group. Then they decided to "be nice" and only charge us for 13 people. When the confirmation call for the reservation was made, we were told we could move chairs, and that a change in numbers wouldn't be a problem. As if that was some huge favor. They also accepted a reservation for 830, knowing that their service takes so long and that they were "doing us a favor" by staying open late while we waited for our food. Our main dishes hadn't even come by 10:50. The last service, the actual main dishes, they gave us only 3 portions instead of the 4. So they're charging us for 13 "as a favor" but giving us portions for 12. So much for a favor... and these dishes aren't even enough to be mains for individuals, sincerely nothing impression in regards to portion size. 

The appetizers were good. The salads were awful. $12.80 bottle of SAQ wine for $38? That's way more than mark up.

Would I come back as a a group? F*** no. As a couple? I would certainly come in and enjoy a couple of dishes with someone who could offer good conversation. The way this was treated as a smaller than expected group was entirely unacceptable and clearly avoidable. We tried to compensate with other purchases (like over priced wines and drinks) yet we were met with nothing more than callous disregard for repeat business. I would like to say that I wish the business the best of luck, but sincerely, I don't. 

$110 (18% added to the bill for tip despite the service by the waitress being less than prime to say the least) later I am SERIOUSLY disappointed. Certainly no desire to return beyond the decor and maybe 2-3 plates to share. To quote another reviewer (Blake) "The food: over priced, overwrought,  unimaginative, tepid and unfulfilling."
