16-gsPZnaBJgFi9Le-i27w Given  the way Amaya handled my reservation, I should be giving them 2 stars but all's well that end's well and I am not a vindictive person, so three flickering stars it is for this joint. Instead of A-Ok, I am going with Eh-Ok!

Background: I cancelled my long standing reservations for Mother's Day brunch at another establishment given the inclement weather forecast for this weekend, and instead booked with Amaya which was closer home. I bought a Groupon for the Royal Tasting Menu and at about 12 noon on Saturday I made dinner reservations for the next day, Mother's Day. On Sunday afternoon,  4 hrs before my reservation, I received a call from Amaya's manager saying that he wouldn't honor the  Groupon for my reservation because apparently it is standard operating procedure to not accept Groupons on holidays. Nowhere was it mentioned on the Groupon fine print that you couldn't avail of the offer on specific days. I seethed at the manager's insouciant  announcement and chewed him out. I did feel bad, don't shoot the messenger and all.. Anyways the owner called shortly after and said he would accept the Groupon, but also told me that I should've just assumed that they wouldn't be honoring the offer on specific days. Bollocks. If other Groupon deals explicitly mention the days that offer isn't valid on, and yours doesn't, it implies that your establishment accepts the deal on all days. 

Anyways...

 We were greeted by the owner, which is a non surprise given our telephone conversations, and I have a feeling all the servers knew about the conversation too!

The decor is mod, and I really appreciated the landscape photographs on the walls. Nice selection.

 The Royal Tasting menu can feed an entire village, though not one with Royal pallets.

The appetizers were the standouts of the meal: the chicken tikkas were tender and delicious. The pakodas, samosas and the fish were ok. A little too deep fried, a little too salty. The mango chutney was rad! 
The mango lassi: probably one of the best I've ever had, very smooth and with just a hint of rosewater.
The main course was a disappointing mass of mostly indistinguishable sauces. The chana masala and the lamb rogan josh almost tasted the same, and looked very alike too. The lamb was very tender, so brownies points for that.
The aloo gobhi was a mushy disappointment.
The shrimp coconut curry benefited from the curry leaves and the mustard seeds. The shrimps were jumbo and melted in your mouth.
The vegetarian pulao was quite good: fluffy basmati rice, with a bit of rosewater, but the veggies clearly came from a frozen packet.
The gulab jamun tasted compactly doughy, just like something straight out of a Gits mix box (Gits is the brown version of Betty Crocker cake mix)

The service was great. Our dirty plates were promptly cleared and glasses were always full. The owner stopped by and chatted us up for a bit, which was a nice touch. 

After another meh experience eating Indian food in the city, I think I am going to swear off Indian restaurants in Toronto. I am really bummed that Debu Saha's which served superlative Indian food has closed down.

Anyways, I am going to stick with cuisines I am not intimately familiar with. Like, say Korean Bbq. My Korean friends recoil in horror at the name of Korean Grill House. But like a stupid, loyal mutt, I keep going back because I really enjoy it for a variety of reasons. Ignorance can be bliss. Sometimes.
