PxH02Eu2Z4MUycBLU80D8g I visited the Kamasutra restaurant with my friend Chris C (please see his review on this restaurant)
We were greeted by Danielle the waitress and shown to our seat in the relaxing ambiance of India.
Onion Bhaji (battered onions with Indian herbs and spices)
Tasted like perfectly pickled onions without the sour taste.  I could've eaten this all day.  The tamarind sauce added another tantalizing hit to the palate.  Awesome!
Tandoori Lamb Tikka (Boneless lamb seasoned in cumin, coriander and black pepper and finished in the tandoor)
The tender pieces were perfectly cooked and served with a citrus mix with leaf, tomato and cucumber.  The lemon tasted like it was pickled with a dash of salt...perfect!  I found out later from the manager that it was sprinkled with chalt Masala.  Delicious!
Lamb Vindaloo (Goan style pickle lamb curry in hot and sour Goan spices)
Butter Chicken 
Disclaimer: my favorite food is Pakistani food.  With that said the Kamasutra is a North Indian restaurant.  So I am not attempting to compare the two types of cooking.
I did enjoy the sauce and the lamb but found it a slight gamy for my palate.  However, my friend Chris C, an Elite Yelp member did not share my report, he found the dish just right.
We both found that the Butter Chicken lacked more cream hence the tomato taste was more pronounced.
Chicken Biryani
I could taste every subtle flavor and spice..incredible, nothing overpowers, just a perfect blend.
Malai Kofta (cottage cheese balls in a creamy cashew nut sauce)
I was overjoyed when the sweetness hit the back of my throat.
After speaking with the manager we were pleased that he took our critique with concern and promised to do much better even though I believe the dishes were all just delicious.  He is also continuing to change or add to the decor so that one will double take when stepping into the restaurant and wonder, is this India? Wow!
The food overall was mouthwatering and delicious more so than many top Indian Restaurants in Greater Toronto.  Chris C and I enjoyed the food.  The waitress, Ms. Danielle's service, smile and conversation made for a much more pleasant dining experience.  A stark contrast to the more serious demeanour of the manager.
We will return.
