PXS-ptzCqz26yG-mfqUWGA I regretted not trying out India Masala the last time I was at the Riviera.  An Indian restaurant in a food court?  I didn't really trust it.  But a couple days later I saw it on Yelp with plenty of good reviews.  So when I finally headed back to the Riviera a few months later to check out roller derby, I knew where my dinner stop would be.

The menu is large and has plenty of vegetarian options.  We were starving and not sure how large the servings would be so we went a little crazy; we got an order of saag paneer, vegetable korma, and a masala dosa.  The saag and korma both came with a side of rice and naan, while the dosa came with two chutneys.

The dosa came out first and was HUGE.  I know dosas are large, but I'm pretty sure I could have thrown the thing in Lake Mead and rode it around like a boat.  It was full of potatoes, peas, and lentils and had a nice samosa-taste to it.  I was so hungry that I completely forgot about my chutneys and didn't try them at all.  Boo. 

The saag was good, but lacking a depth of flavor I get at Mint and Origin.  It wasn't bad, but considering the price was the same I'd rather eat at one of those two restaurants.  The vegetable korma was also good but looked a little different from others I've had.  This one was more red in color (instead of yellow) and had a smoky taste to it.  The sides of rice were large and you get a piece of naan the size of your plate.  I love naan, but this one was a little boring for me.  Plus one came out nice and doughy while the other was overcooked and had a crunch to it.

We also ordered a mango lassi and it was undrinkable.  The consistency was too thin and almost tasted like spoiled yogurt.  It went in the trash.

In all, this place is good and I would come back if we were at the Riviera, but the prices are pretty ridiculous to me considering they are in a food court.  Isn't the point of a food court to get cheap grub instead of paying the extra money to sit-down somewhere?  Their appetizers (samosas and such) were about $7 while the dosa was about $8.  I knew the dosa was more food and therefore a better deal so that's why we ordered it instead of an appetizer.  Entrees were around $11 while combo platters were around $13.
