PXS-ptzCqz26yG-mfqUWGA If it came down to nothing but taste, I would give India Masala five stars. 

"Shari. It's in a food court. At the Riviera. Sharing a kitchen with a burger joint."

I know, I know, I know, but you know what? It's not only some of the best Indian food I've had in Las Vegas (and as far as I know, I've left no tandoor untouched), but it's the kind that tastes even better the next day, just like homemade. Order big - you'll be glad of the leftovers later.

After a delicious first meal there back in the spring of 2010, we'd speak longingly of returning, but every time we'd think about parking, think about navigating the Riviera, and then think about sitting in a food court that, while clean, is still an old food court in an old casino, and we'd end up somewhere else, somewhere with waiters and easy parking.

But then one day we had a coupon for a meal elsewhere in the Riviera and, alas, the meal was pretty bad. So bad that we decided to push our plates aside and walk across the casino to get some India Masala to take home with us.

After that, no more excuses. We have this down pat: if I drop off my husband by the front door. (The food court is right through the southern front door opening onto the Strip.) Then I circle around a few times, pick up him and his Enormous Bag of Fragrant Wonders, and within 20 minutes (15 if the traffic is right), we're back home and laying out a delicious Indian feast on our dining room table. 

Mike always gets the chicken tikka masala, which he described as perfectly spiced with good-quality ingredients. (You can read his review here, too, but I think he was too pleased with the taste and surprised at such a find to take the time for much description.)

We both like the naan - it's enormous and fluffy. I almost always get the shahi paneer - creamy, spicy sauce with cheese - made at about a 7/10 per my request. (If your server doesn't ask how hot you want it, let them know. That's true of any Indian restaurant. Otherwise, if you like spicy food, you risk them playing it safe.) 

Unfortunately, shahi paneer isn't on the late-night menu. That's a shame, as I can personally account to some lost 1 a.m. sales during summer break. 

In fact, I was going to take off a star for this and also because it's in a food court, but that's really unfair. If we stick to food court expectations, this is a 7 out of 5. The flavours are as layered and subtle as anywhere else in town, at least for what we order. (In fact, the only place that makes a better shahi paneer, in my opinion, is a weird dive on the east side with rotten service, so this is really my top option.) Service has always been friendly. And although the late night menu is smaller and more expensive, the regular menu is available until 10 p.m., the same as most restaurants. 

So, yes, the ambience is severely lacking, but you know what? India Masala transcends its location. I started this review regretting that I couldn't give it five stars, but that's just nonsense. This is wonderful food, served by dependable and polite people, and it tastes and looks great when I bring it home. FIVE STARS!
