PyTHy9VPOhBCiGLsi-PA2Q I tend to be very particular about Indian restaurants, as I can normally get really good Indian food from my grandma's kitchen.  So, as this was going to be my first Indian restaurant in Pittsburgh, obviously I was going to be a bit reluctant of giving praise. 

Some coworkers and I decided to grab some dinner here a couple of month ago.  First of all, you should know that its going to be difficult to find street parking around this restaurant.  Be prepared to look around, and just drop off some people from your group so that everyone isn't deprived of a drink before dinner.

Once inside, the place was small but not congested with a small bar area towards the front.  They played hit music from India as well Indian music videos across the vast array of flat screens plastered on all the walls.  Nothing fancy, really, just the flat screens made up the decor of this place.

My colleagues had all been here before so they all knew exactly what they wanted, so I decided to go with the a staple at Indian restaurants- butter chicken.  I asked for it spicy just to see if they could actually make it tasty as well as spicy, without just adding extra crushed red pepper.  Also one of my friends loves to burn his tongue and digestive tract, so he asked the waiter to give him a 15 out of 10 on the spice scale.  I threw a blank look at the waiter and he said okay.

The food came out quickly, which was a good first sign.  Next came out the Naan.  At any indian restaurant you can easily tell the quality of the food by the naan.  Overcooked and burnt: you probably should not come back.  Anyways, their Naan was both well cooked and soft which was great.  Finally, the food came out and the aromas were amazing and it was delicious.  I thoroughly enjoyed my dish which was flavorful, saucy, and spicy, and the Naan only helped to bring out the well balanced dish.  

Well, this place definitely deserved 4 stars because it delivered the spice level that my friend was looking for, as he was sweating during the dinner.
