171c2z28JaSYQtWimiZ62A I've been going to Bread Bar using Groupons for a few years now with my bf, from back when it was still owned by Amaya. Though the prices have gone up by a couple of dollars, the food is still excellent.

We also were not charged the 18% tip that I've heard about. I wonder if they decided to stop after seeing the negative reviews.

Tonight's highlights: 
1: Excellent garlic naan! Usually garlic naan just smells garlicky, but Bread Bar's garlic naan actually tastes like garlic. We had to order a second batch. I just wish it was a bit cheaper as it is so delicious.
2: the Butter Chicken! It actually used to be spicier, but now Bread Bar has a decadently smooth and delicious Butter Chicken without the burn that I used to dread. Seriously one of the best Butter Chicken dishes in the city! The chicken comes apart nicely as well.
3: Flank steak in spinach sauce. Good sauce and nice meat that also comes apart nicely.
4: Chana masala. Mild to moderate spice, so a bit much for me, but done nicely. My friend was more than happy to take the leftovers home when we were too stuffed to eat anymore.

Our server was very friendly. Make sure you present your Groupon at the beginning of the meal to be polite (as dictated on the Groupon).

As they increased their prices by a couple dollars, they reprinted their menu with the new prices but also use the old menu (with the old prices) simply to show their drinks. That part was a bit unclear but the server was very polite when he explained. So be sure to use the menu with the higher prices when attempting to calculate the cost of your meal. 

One thing a bit unclear on their menu was their curries but I managed to figure it out: They list all appetizers, sides, and vegetarian dishes with the prices next to them. For the meat-based curries, you have a selection of sauces and then at the bottom of the menu you choose what meat you want in the curry. It is the meat that determines your price. It makes it easy to construct a dish that you enjoy, for instance if you enjoy korma but want it with beef instead of the traditional lamb that is on many restaurant menus.

Another pro is that they're super easy to get to, whether by car or TTC. The sidestreet off of Yonge just East of the restaurant has unlimited parking after 6pm!

Would be 5 stars but I wish that the garlic naan and rice cost a bit less. Bread Bar continues to be a favourite of mine!
