PYUmLq7FkBbMyfYyHX1waQ I'm glad that there is only one Tandoori Flame...for now.  It is far enough away that even with many of the great reviews, people won't flock to it, and I am ok with that.  It gets enough people in the area coming to it already and I have never had to line up or wait to get a table so please, keep disregarding it.

But for the sake of journalistic integrity, I will give you my honest opinion.  This is one of the best indian buffets for multicultural Canadians.  It has a lot of dishes, both meat and veggie that offers the variety to intrigue anyones taste buds.  It mixes western and indian cuisine so you don't have to worry that you won't like a food and will be stuck eating vegetables only!

They have a set buffet comprised of the salad bar, and then the veggie indian section, the meat indian section, the naan and rice section, the fried western food (which included asia wontons), the asian noodles, etc.  

But two sections to highlight:

1) They have one section that every time I have been there changes.  They offer a different main dish there and if not for my dad, who in his youth travelled around india, I wouldn't have known that the dishes there often are from a different part of india.  Basically, they introduce you to different dishes from india that aren't always common in indian restaurants (i.e. not butter chicken) but take it slowly, one dish at a time.

2) Their desserts are great.  While small its still the most expansive indian dessert selection at a buffet i've ever seen.  + They have ice cream, but try the indian sweets.

They have a multitude of servers, and I do think that they are pretty aware of you, your drink (how low it has been) and your naan (and whether you are desperately looking for them to refill your naan).  Only thing they don't provide enough of, imho, is napkins...i can't help but be messy with indian food :( I try to not be, honestly, but I just lose control when i dive into those dishes! :(

The setup...i like.  Its bright and clean and spacious.  Most indian restaurants I feel try to save money by dimming the lights and keeping things cluttered.  Indian food is also very oily and stains easily, so the fact that they have kept it clean is a great testament to their total customer presentation.

I would say that for an indian buffet its tough to swallow that the dinner is more than 12$.  But with the many staff, the large space with bright lighting, the variety of dishes and the great desserts it may be worth the drive to brampton...
