q-pjLY1R98QTUZY2pbbsxw For starters let me tell you that this place far exceeds most Indian/Pakistani restaurants in the valley.  But I also wont give anyone and everyone five stars just for food. 

What makes me kill the stars in this place is the following:

1) Service: the sole server probably has never served before professionally and lacks the service skills required to be a good server. Things like having difficulty witth the order, 1st check back 35 minutes after initial order. Conversing with the kitchen staff in plain earshot of the dining room.  So impressed by a dish she saw for the 1st time she took a picture of it with her iphone at the diners table (with permission of course but that was weird). 

2) Value for the money (this is the big one):  If these dishes were a few dollars less I would be in here every few days. I just by principle dont want to pay much higher prices for foods that shouldnt be that high priced. The average entree is $10+. So I ordered 3 entrees 3 naans and 2 soft drinks and left with a check over $40 before tip.  The same exact meal in other valley restaurants will be closer to $30.  

So there are a lot of interesting eccentricities of this place. Its owned by a local physician who I happened to see tonight probably post-surgery since he was still in surgical scrubs who came in just for a soda and then left. 

Their are a number of menu items that you have to order in advance at least 24 hours to have... one such item which was apparently the only one ever sold in that restaurant is called the Dual Kabab... its an indian tur-duck-en because its a chicken kabab wrapped in a beef kabab. Its easily 2-3 inches in diameter and resembles a kielbasa. 

I called in advance and the waitress forget she had high chairs and said they didnt have one. They only have one so word of caution: BYOB : Bring your own Booster!

Overall this place has potential to be a competitor in this market of Indo-Pak food that was for the longest time monopolized by a few large players. What they really need to do is bring their prices in line with reality and get a little service staff and this has a chance of becoming a real killer place!!
