q-pjLY1R98QTUZY2pbbsxw I'd give some of the food a 4 maybe even 5 stars.  The reason I'm bringing the overall rating down to a 3 has to do with other things like the overall experience.

Let's start with the food because really until they get more sophisticated that would be the only reason to go back and I suppose that is a good thing.  This was our second visit.  We ordered to go the first time since this place is a half hour from our home.  We ordered chicken seekh kebabs and Nihari and naan (plain).  Both entree's were a 10+.  Best Nihari in the valley hands down.  Best chicken seekh in the valley hands down.  The food definitely is awesome for authentic bar b q, grilled items and the typical "desi" dishes like Nihari.

Encouraged by how great the take out was and a bit curious because so many items require 24 hours notice we decided well let's give it a second shot and at the restaurant itself.  

So...the place is small but has adequate seating.  Only one high chair which I think could be a problem on a busy night.  It's very clean, which is awesome.  The wall decor is nice, and refreshing from the otherwise typical folksy, ethnic decor at other valley indo-pak restaurants.  We were greeted by the hostess who also doubles as the only waitress and while she was super friendly she is a little unseasoned.  For example we had to repeat our order a couple of times, check backs were not timely and we were the only patrons when we got there and it was a good 20 minutes before the only other couple showed up.  And it took her three trips to bring back all the to go boxes we needed for our left overs in the end.  

The bathroom was super clean, I liked that they had paper towels, and soap filled and stocked etc.  Didn't care for the fact that you have to walk past the kitchen and pantry to get to the bathroom - felt weird.

Today we ordered the bihari kebab (which was today's special I suppose because you have to order it 24hours in advance normally and we didn't do that), nihari and beef seekh kebab along with the naan.  

Consistency wise the nihari was once again awesome.  The beef seekh 5 stars - so far so good.  The bihari wasn't bad but it wasn't great either.  The meat was a little thicker than a typical true authentic bihari kebab and there was some spice or marinade that left a bit of a sour after taste with every bite.  The naan's were superb.

Here are my issues:  1) We asked about the dual kebab which is again another pre-order item.  We were told sorry we don't have it and you have to order it a day in advance.  20 min later a couple showed up and we overheard, oh you're here for the dual kebab.  Word of advice, couldn't you have just told us, it has to be pre-ordered and someone has pre-ordered it let me see if I can get you a sampling or if you can't cause you didn't make any extra then you could have told me, hey there's a chance  you'll get to see what it looks like coz we have someone who's ordered it and they should be here any minute (considering you were going to be closing in 20min).  That was just a put off.  But maybe they'll read this review and get a little more sophisticated and refined in their customer service.

2) Price! 5 minutes from the restaurant is another established long  time favorite indo-pak restaurant that offers a pretty good weekend buffet that has almost all the items we ordered today and then some for less than the price of the nihari at this place!  

If you're going to charge me top dollar for your genre of food then you are increasing my expectations of an experience coupled with the expectation of extraordinary customer service.  If I'm not going to get that then you don't deserve more than 3 stars.  But if in future visits I notice a change for the positive I'll be happy to increase my ratings.  Until then...happy eating!
