Q7YfGjBcFFpy3FUMOw7GLw Indian food I always find best appreciated in the buffet format. A la carte Indian food always seems rather pricey and portions are small. And of course I'm a forkin' pig. Many Indian restaurants offer a buffet setting but always at inconvenient times: Monday to Friday during the lunch hour. Unless you're working in a nearby office,  you're basically screwed. 

Weekend buffets are much rarer but Chef of India (the Eglinton branch) offers a weekend lunch buffet. I can do that. A very convenient convenience should you be taking in a matinee showing at the nearby Y&E theater 

Buffets are always a balance between quality and quantity. Chef of India offers a smaller buffet (small as compared to, say, Mandarin) with your standards and it doesn't skimp on quality. The daal, curry chicken, basmati rice, et al were present and delivered solid taste.

I tend to judge a good Indian buffet by the quality of its tandoori chicken, naan, and pakoras. The naan was right up there. This was no Loblaws quality nann. The tandoori chicken was adequate although it was hard to find some juicer pieces. Pakoras I'm a bit spoiled in that there was a little Indian buffet near an old work place in Bellevue, Washington that -- and I'm not kidding or exaggerating here -- nailed the KFC recipe for its pakoras batter. The pakoras at Chef of India fell far short of that miracle but were good none the less.

My final test for a good Indian buffet is if they have gulab jamun on the dessert end. Gulab jamun are those sweet little balls of friend milk dough in a super sweet syrup. Heaven. Really. Most a la carte Indian restaurants will charge you $5 for one. So to find a big vat of the stuff and you can ladle at will, well, whatever an Indian buffet place charges it makes it worth it. I'm happy to report Chef of Indian has those puppies.

And the price? About $15 (including tax). What would a lunch at Mandarin set you back? 

Anyway, good stuff, no skimping on quality, and they serve up all the favorites.
