1eomYFLhoxC-y2PGnnNtlg Looking at the few number reviews here made me a bit nervous going to try this new restaurant.  But at 9.99 for lunch buffet, it was certainly worth a try. Going in on the second Monday of June, I was completely satisfied with my meal. 

The decor is clean, modern, yet comfortable. There are white table cloths on the table and the silverware is sparkling. The service was also very attentive and kind. Every time my glass was less than full, it was topped up promptly. The waitress had a smile on he face and genuinely seemed like she enjoyed serving us.

The selection is a touch smaller than India's Taste, but each item is done very well.  It is certainly now in the top three India buffets I have been in Toronto, and I have been to most all of them. 

Firstly, there is your typical salad selections, with a spread of various India pickles, chutneys, dips, and raita. Along with good steamed basmati rice, and papadums, these formed the basics in which most other buffets are the same.

The butter chicken is made with care, and very fragrant, not too spicy and has the aroma of cream and butter.  Absolutely divine.

Goat curry was extremely tender. Did not fight with it at all. Even my toothless grandmother could chew it with ease.  The flavour was warm, inviting, and satisfying.  A good pair with rice and naan.

There were three different veggie curry selections this day: eggplant, okra, and mixed veggies. All three were unique and flavourful.  I especially liked the mixed veggies.  Seeing as this is a Nepalese and India restaurant (the owners are obviously Nepalese) the spicing is done a little differently than I am used to, but I am enjoying it a lot more.

Samosa are probably the best I have had in Toronto.  Beats out all others I have had.  The pastry is just thick enough, crisp on the outside yet tender. The filling is spiced potatoes, but cut into very small cubes, much smaller than usual.  This made the filling creamy feeling, yet toothsome. A pleasant divergence from the typical gummy mash that others serve.

There is actually chicken biryani on the buffet, and I can attest it is better than most others that say they specialize in biryani. The fried noodles are also very good, utilizing their tandoori chicken as the protein.  It has a slightly smoky flavour in the background; what we Cantonese would call the 'qi of the wok'. I couldn't get enough of it.

The naan was equally impressive. Soft and tender on the inside, with a crisp and smoky crust. You can tell it was freshly made.  Better yet, it was brush with real ghee/butter! Most place use vegetable ghee (I can tell), but this place had naan with the distinct fragrance that only real ghee can give.  Kudos to them.

As a plus, they had shrimp on the buffet. Sauteed in butter and spices, they were done very well.  I am slightly allergic to shrimp, but I risked it anyway, to get a few pieces in.

Dessert was limited, but included my favourites: gulab jamun and kheer.  There was also fresh fruit (watermelon was in season and very sweet) and mango puree with fruits.

Looking at their take-out menu, they even make momos.  I wish they had those on the buffet. As well, as some of their Nepalese specials.  Would make the experience even better.

A stone's throw away from The Host, this place is definitely the superior competitor.  Come and try for yourself.  I can see myself being a regular at this point.
