QbuWKli8fme4O84t99UfSg My belly is full and I am so happy right now. I ordered delivery from Mintt and I couldn't have been more pleased with my food and the service.

I've been craving Indian food for months - to the point that I'd bought a pre-made jar of sauce at the grocery store and made some myself. But it just wasn't the same. Especially because there is no way to replicate true naan and samosas (the frozen ones never stand up to the real thing).

Tonight I bit the bullet and placed at order for what seemed like an immense amount of food. An order of Samosas, Garlic Naan, Gobi Mandarian (a cauliflower appetizer), the Special Biryani rice dish with chicken and Chicken Tandoori. I had read a ton of reviews and was wary of not getting enough rice or having small portions, so I veered on the side of caution by getting plenty. I shouldn't have been worried  

There was SO MUCH FOOD! Not only did I get everything in my order, but there were also three separate chutney dips in a rainbow of colors, plus a side of plain white basmati rice and a sample four oz. container of some kind of chickpea and onion curry. I had to try it all so I am thoroughly stuffed.

Let's talk about the food. I've only ever ordered plain naan, and clearly I have been missing out. The Garlic Naan was melt-in-your-mouth delicious and I moaned when I took a bite of it. I devoured one of the Samosas, and it was everything I'd been dreaming of. Crunchy and gently fried, with a soft potato filling with all the right seasonings. The Special Biryani looked just like the pictures on their website, and it was so pretty that if I hadn't been so hungry I would have stopped and taken a photo of it. It came with a whole hard-boiled egg on top. The rice was light and fluffy and the chicken, hidden at the bottom of the bowl, was tender. 

The Chicken Tandoori was perfect - roasted with a deep red layer of spices without being dry. The six pieces were displayed beautifully with fresh, steamed slices of onions and peppers scattered throughout. The chickpea dish was, I think, Chenna Masala, and it was delicious, even though I only had room by this point for a couple of bites. It was mellow and I can't wait to eat it tomorrow for lunch over some basmati rice. One of the dips was large and white and I think it was the cucumber-based raita. Then there was a bright spring green dip that was a mint chutney. Lastly there was a dark red dip that I think was a date chutney, as it had a fruity flavor. I could tell the dips were all homemade as opposed to corporate, storebought style chutneys.

The only thing I wasn't thrilled with was the Gobi Mandarian dish, and that was not because there was anything wrong with the food, but because it was a chili base and tasted too much like General Tso's for my taste. It didn't match the rest of the flavors on my plate so I put it aside. Which, of course, now I realize it was supposed to taste Chinese - "Mandarian"...duh!

I've been to Mintt only once before, on a Saturday afternoon when they had a buffet-only set-up and tons of families that looked like they'd just come from church. I just wanted take-out that day, and the buffet was confusing and disorienting and I couldn't figure out what anything was. The food was generally good, though I didn't like everything I randomly picked out, but I put together things wrong in my containers and the men behind the counter were baffled by it. I also couldn't get samosas, which is what I had been craving that day in the first place. Overall, it was a weird experience that scared me off of the place for months.

I'm so glad I came back and tried delivery on a weeknight with them. I was immensely satisfied and thrilled with my order and now I can't wait to try eating out at the restaurant with friends.
