qcqDjeirxvdgW5kQVkEwSA THE MUSIC IS SO LOUD!!!!!! CAN YOU HEAR ME?!?!?!


Off the bat - just must mention the DISGUSTING bathrooms. They're not clearly marked which is which, doors always ajar (I'd think to keep ventilation going due to the stench because...), youre not allowed to FLUSH the SOILED TOILET PAPER.... EW. baskets of nasty toilet paper beside you in each stall. I don't know if they've changed it (but i've been so many times) but the hand drying system is one of those nasty cloths that spins around. YUCK. Ok.. now that that's done....

The Red Room! Yay!

Ok, I don't know why I hate so many things about this bar, yet always come back!? It's cheap. That's what you get, right? 

So the Red Room (I'm pretty sure) is owned by the same people as the Green Room and Nirvana. So in each place you pretty much get the same thing. Cheap and atmosphere. The food (although cheap) is shit. The service...meh. The cleanliness...NOPE! Just cheap. I think out of the three, the Green Room has the best atmosphere...The way it looks inside and the cute patio out back. The Red Room is on the busy street of Spadina with a crappy little deck-patio (not it's finest feature). But lots of seats, a pretty big establishment.

I've come here for brunch and for drinks and dinner. Brunch was cheap, it's not super delicious but it certainly does the trick. Actually, my favourite choice for brunch was the stuffed French toast (ham in between 2 french toasts...mm..). Generally, thier food is not very good. My boyfriend (for some strange reason) always orders the pad thai which is made with, we're pretty sure, ketchup dressing. When ordering sides like fries etc. the portion sizes are not anything special either. I've had an instance where a tuna melt smelled and tasted EXACTLY like dog food (never tasted the real thing, but i'm almost positive it was this tuna melt!). So... be wary about the food. Cheap is the main word.

The lighting is very dim and the music is always for some reason deafeningly loud. The service is meh. Although, one time we got a pitcher and it was flat as all hell, and she did give us a second pitcher for no charge (which should be the common custom). 

I don't know. If you come here, expect a somewhat dodgy place, not the finest food or drink experience. Expect cheap. It's what you make it when you fill it with friends or people you love, so that's why I keep coming here. Wouldn't necessarily recommend it, at least not without this fair warning.
