qcqDjeirxvdgW5kQVkEwSA If you had asked me a month ago what I thought of the Red Room, I probably would have at *least* given it a 3/5 if not a 4/5 based simply on the amount of food versus the price you pay. I had always ordered a couple of staples, which were cooked reasonably well and filled the void in my stomach.

However (and this is a big however), I have since lowered them to 1 star. If I could give them no stars, I would. I eat here fairly frequently, at least once sometimes twice a month and I don't even live in Toronto. Last month I ordered the soup and sandwich deal and was told the soup of the day was either tomato chickpea and cream of broccoli. I usually quite enjoy their cream of broccoli soup, but what I was served (both taste and texture) was more like a wilted old lettuce soup. It was disgusting. I kept trying to eat it, thinking to myself - there's something wrong with this soup. My mother-in-law was the first to pipe up to our waitress about it (whom we tried to track down for a good 10 minutes because no one ever checks on their tables there). There's something wrong with the soup, I tell her. "Oh, no there's nothing wrong with it - it's actually asparagus soup and I just forgot to tell you." Exact words. Not paraphrasing. It was disgusting. I was brought the dreadful tasting tomato chickpea soup instead and just couldn't bring myself to finish it.

And this is just the beginning because - wait - there's more. Last week I went in again and decided to order the Phad Thai. Big mistake. I have had the dish before both there as well as from many other restaurants in the Greater Toronto area and have always quite liked the dish.  The dish had two pictures of chilli peppers next to it, which most restaurants have despite the dish being more sweet than it is spicy. I took a bit of it and almost threw up. There was no flavour there - it was just spice. I complained to the waitress who at first gave me a bit of attitude but said I could order something else. I had a strange feeling so I said "Are you planning on charging me for this food I can't eat?". "Of course I am, there's nothing wrong with it." She replies haughtily. I tried to explain that it was beyond hot and that it was nearly impossible to eat. It's not normally like this. "Well that's not our fault, its yours because you didn't read the menu." I was aghast and she even brought the menu over to point out the two chilli peppers. She was beyond being explained to and was at a point where she was arguing with me, not letting me speak and telling me that it was my fault.

She kept telling me I had to pay for a meal that was inedible even by the poorest of standards so I ended up walking out. I had at one point even asked to speak to the owner or manager. She actually smiled at me, crossed her arms and said they weren't in that day. She said she was in charge and that's just the way things are.

I have never been treated so rudely at a restaurant before in my life. Yes, the prices are good and the servings are large - but the service is gawd awful to the point where they should be reported to the Better Business Bureau. 

The atmosphere is tolerable on some days and  rank the next - the music being the most obvious culprit. With no standards as to what can and will be played you can be tortured with just about anything your nightmares can come up with - and mid lunch, I just don't want to hear a skipping CD of some woman who is swinging a cat by the tail to drums when all I want to do is listen to the person across the table from me tell me a story.

For the average student this place may be fine as long as you never have a complaint and stick to the same meal each time. Never complain because it's the customers fault, not the kitchens. Bring some ear plugs or your MP3 player and last but not least, shut up and eat the food they give you....or else.

...or else you can just skip it altogether. Probably your best plan of action.
