Qfn9qbWKPsfkFZDQzw7kCQ I find myself having a business lunch in a lame part of Phoenix AGAIN!

This time though, it's Indian food! Or make that....Pakistani food! Which is basically like....Indian food! Just with more meat!

Whatever the case, someone in my workgroup recommended this joint after our 1/2 day meeting and I was all amped to check it out since I spotted an ad for it in some paper last week but was bummed that it was so far from where I lived because I was never going to go there unless work took me there. 

And lo, the situation brought itself.

So six of us went in two cars and found ourselves at a former IHOP on Bell Rd & 43rd Avenue. Inside definitely still has the IHOP or a CoCo's vibe, except formica tables have been replaced by fake wood. 

The friendly waitress told me that they had just been open 12 days, and so she knew that six people meant six words of mouth spreading around town, with 3 out of the six knowing the food *very* well. We got aloo tikki (potato fritters with a side of garbanzos) and vegetable pakoras (our version of tempura, you could say) to start off with. I ordered the chicken biryani (a zesty rice dish with, uh, chicken), my boss got the same but with lamb, and my colleagues got the paneer tikka masala (cheese instead of chicken), chicken korma, tandoori chicken, and the chicken tikka masala lunch special (which came with rice, naan, and lentils for only $5.99). The naans were definitely better than the limp dishtowel-like ones at some other Valley establishments. Everyone, including myself, really enjoyed the meals, and our server was very attentive to anything we needed (again, they're still in "first impressions" phase). Two colleagues then wolfed down kheer (rice pudding) for dessert.

Random current Bollywood hits played throughout lunch and I looked around the place to see what could be better. I guess they have their work cut out for them to make the place more ethnic-looking since all those pastel floral lampshades yearn for Grandma Jolene. But my colleagues agreed the food was way better than Maharaja's down the street.

So, I continue to be the west Phoenix lunchtime warrior, since most of you will never set foot on that side of I-17. Which is fine.

More food for me...

----------------

Edited to dock 2 stars: Twice at lunch in the past month these guys have failed in a spectacular manner in getting my lunch order right, and each time the clueless non-Pakistani waitstaff would argue that *I* got my order wrong instead. Excuse me? WTF? I think I know what I ordered. If you can't handle the ethnic menu, work at Hometown Buffet instead. 

One time they gave my lunch to some other table that came in 10 minutes after I did but ordered the same thing, and so I ended up waiting for half an hour -- for my lunch. Another time I ordered the lunch special on their separate daily menu, which comes with naan, rice, and salad, and then they gave me the dish, without the side offerings, and then told me that my dish was never on the lunch special. Huh? I didn't just make up an order out of thin air, you had it on the daily menu that you gave me! Their answer? "We can't find that daily menu you ordered from, so we can't give you the special." Apparently they give out different lunch special menus on the same day, then accuse the customer of lying when he asks for all the accompaniments. The manager lady was pretty rude and not remotely sympathetic, and I was getting pissed and started raising hell. I eventually got the rice, and the naan (after they asked, "Are you sure you want the naan? We'd have to make it from scratch." Of course I want the naan, Sherlock, what the hell is the lunch special for then? I sitll got no salad, of course.) On top of it all, no apologies. No offers to discount my meal. No nothing. 

Anyway, Tandoori Times is opening up their second restaurant closeby and I'll take my business there. As much as I want to support my peeps, when service becomes this atrocious, I don't care how good the food is anymore. Not going back again.
