qiZ7t01x0xqqB0RIvO3yuQ Summary: plain looking storefront belies a nice interior that offers great value on buffet lunches, although variety is lacking and the quality is average; the opposite is true of their a la carte dinner (high quality, better variety)!

Top Must-Get: butter chicken
Top Regret: tandoori chicken

Tucked in the corner of "the Dollarama plaza" right beside Service Ontario, the Bombay Grill is easy to miss: the restaurant header/banner looks amateurishly presented, and the menu pasted on the glass is wrinkled and stained. 

However, when you walk in, it's actually quite nice: relatively spacious, deep crimson table clothes lined up on white ones, matching the dark red carpet make it a classy look.

And then there's the food:

Dinner a la carte is deceptively filling - portion sizes don't look huge, but because Indian food is "heavy", you get full quicky. (The buffet style lunches are obviously filling too). The butter chicken and aloo gobhi were both very tasty and filling!

But to be honest, the value is in the lunches.

$10.99 for a lunch buffet... HELLO! My stomach gets super excited when you can grab a buffet for $15 or less, and this fits the bill (and fills my stomache).

Is the selection amazing? No. In fact, there's just butter chicken, goat curry, and tandoori chicken for the meats...

For the vegetarian side, mixed veggies, paneer, chickpeas, papadum, kadhi pakora and basmati rice is up for grabs.

But in terms of bang for your buck to get full, this is more than enough. Naan bread comes every few minutes fresh (so, so good) or by request, and it goes spectacularly well with the butter chicken. The goat curry is split evenly between very deboned pieces and large chunks of bone.

On the other hand, the tandoori chicken is very underwhelming - not much flavour. Service is alright in that they are responsive to your needs, but it's lacking in the check ups (we only had our water refilled once on the buffet lunch... Although to be fair, we were too busy eating to care, and they didn't clear our plates at all).

The fruit bar is also woefully small, with just watermelon and cantaloupe. Nobody touched it... So maybe it's small since it's not the main focus? But a couple more options would've been nice.

The place was empty at 1 pm but slowly got more busy.

All in all, this is a solid place to get full on butter chicken and naan... Snorlax level fullness awaits ya!
