Qlebt777MOvHmu7p7QiM_Q This is my first ever visit to the restaurant after their long due renovation. I have been there few times before to buy samosas and sweets but never actually sat down inside. 

For one, I was surprised that they changed from a vegetarian restaurant to serving both non veg and veg dishes. I came to know of this last week when going to buy samosas and sweets. What was really interesting was the fact that on their business card it still said "vegetarian" but inside they served non veg dishes to. Any how, I guess to each their own. 

That being said, for the price of  $9.99 per person, the choices of dishes, the ambiance, the service, the quality of food, I would give it a 3 star rating. Why? Well, they lost the 1 star for the following:

1) Service was slow, in terms to get the empty plates collected, having the glasses refilled with water and so forth. It was not a busy night, perhaps 60% busy - around 7:45PM to 8:45PM I would say. The server did not come and ask around if we needed water, or if we needed anything else, etc. 

2) The naan was not soft at all nor had that "taste" I've had better and I've had worse, and I would say this falls in between. Yes I know I am bit harsh when it comes to critiquing Indian dishes, but hey after all I am an Indian and being one I expect quality of food to be on par with other range of Indian buffets. 

3) The peas pulao/plain rice was not cooked properly despite the quantity of rice being served. 

4) Finally for the dahi (yogurt/curd) they could have kept it slightly colder besides at room temperature. 

So with the cons, here are the pros:

1) Taste of the rest of the veg dishes were nice (I'm a vegetarian by the way). The spice, sweetness and overall taste did meet my expectations. I.e. the gravy dishes and the dry vegetable dishes. 

2) Ambiance was fantastic, the chandeliers were great. The space inside was perfect especially during the lineups at the buffet counter.

3) Having the vegetarian dishes separate from the non veg dishes was actually quiet satisfying unlike other buffet restaurants which they keep it right beside each other. Meaning it was on the opposite side of the aisle so to speak. 

Overall, I would probably visit this restaurant but don't think I will any time soon as I am sure there are other similar or if not better restaurants out there that serve buffet during dinner. However on the bright side, I will give this a +1 or a one up over Gagan Sweets which is in the Vaughan area as well. 

Until then I bid adieu
