1q-0v6rg3X-K6qMj81wt-Q Everyone on Yelp seems to love Curry in a Hurry - but not quite enough to give it that fifth star.  Will I am taking the plunge and willing to back it up. With prose. Oh yeah, CIAH is that good - FOR THE STATED PURPOSE - Curry. In a hurry.

I'll admit it.  I walked right by the place initially.  4 Times!  Not by accident either - I've been burned by fast-ish food from the Indian sub-continent here in Toronto and elsewhere.  Hell, I've actually been burned by places called "Curry in a Hurry" before.  No, not burned in a good way.  In a "Oh god, why did I eat that after the third bite?" kind of way.  

The stars aligned last week to cause me to take the plunge - late meeting in Blandsdowne, no breakfast, meager lunch, nothing at home in the fridge - so I unsheathed my trusty Yelp-phone (what? you're still using an iPhone? That's sooooo January...) and looked at what everyone else had to say.  They were universally positive, so I walked in and gave the visual/olfactory scan (e.g. is the place clean and does it smell good?) Check and double check.  

There is a limited menu with an emphasis on snackier type foods for cheap as well as a decent selection of curries and a surprisingly rich suite of veggie options.  For a non-fried, lower fat option try the Idy - the CIAH version is 6 little pressed and steamed puffs of lentil/rice flour served with a couple of awesome chutneys.  The roti are all quite decent and represent a value relative to other similar establishments in the hood.  Of special note: The coconut chutney.  Lately, I've noticed a sad trend that a lot of places have begun to phone-in their traditional condiments / accompaniments; canned, bottled and jarred versions of the classics.  All of the condiments that I had at CIAH were house made and mighty fine.  The coconut chutney was so good I went back the next to purchase some just to have it around - in order to class up some of the lesser foods that might come my way.  

So, if you're in the hood, definitely stop by and check them out.  If you find yourself passing by Landsdowne on the TTC it is definitely worth a quick stop.  After all, you WILL get your curry in a hurry.
