1S6eB9Ag2VMx3Ab7LHORJw We're big fans of all foods Indian. We were regulars at Basmati and Sairam Om, and now at Bombay Grill. We're going to be regulars at Aroma Curry House, too, but with even greater enthusiasm. Aroma Curry House, at the former location of Sairam Om at the Village at the Crossing (Champaign), has new owners and new decor, but employs many of the same people, from waiters to cooks. The food is even better (and Sairam Om was good), and the service problems seem to have been ironed out. The decor is lighter and more modern; it's a pleasant space.

The food continues to be Southern India, with an emphasis on the Chettinad region: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chettinad_cuisine. Vegetarian dishes are available with good variety, as well as protein dishes including egg, fish, chicken, and goat. Entrees range from tender, braised proteins in full-bodied yogurt based sauces to dry-spiced roasts of extremely flavorful protein and veg.  The spice profile is earthy, with plenty of onion, garlic, chili paste, and ginger. One of the best features is the fresh curry leaves found in many of the dishes. 

The soup starter is Rassam, which has the medicinal purpose of preparing the digestion for the meal to come -- it's an intense broth redolent with peppers and spice.  For appetizers, we had the Masala Dosa and Gobi 65.  Gobi 65 is  an earthy, spice-coated fried cauliflower served with lemons and red onions, with dipping sauces (tamarind, mint, and tomato) on the side.  It was the best Gobi 65 we've tasted.  The Masala Dosa is a large crispy crepe stuffed with mildly spiced potato. For those who love spice, this dosa may seem on the tame side, but it benefits from the three toppings, including a peppery, broth dip; a rich coconut paste; and an equally rich and flavorful peanut paste.  Dosas have a wonderful texture, too, with their soft fillings and crispy wraps (to eat, roll up and cut into pieces). 

We loved our entrees, both chicken-based.  I had a dry rub that was intense with masala, onions, and curry leaves and  my husband had a yogurt curry with a tomato-infused sauce.  We enjoyed flatbread and chai tea with the meal, and the tea was especially good.  For those who used to get chai at Basmati, this tea tastes just the same, like an old friend we'd missed.

Prices are reasonable, too.  The restaurant is in the medium range for dinner in CU, with entries averaging from $11-$13.  Portions were generous -- a good value.  If you are taking kids, order them the butter chicken.  Ours is a fan, and he's a picky eater.

We're delighted a new Indian restaurant has come to CU, especially one that is so very good!
