r7JM2s-kkcFf47H7yl0PUw I finally visited Ann Purna the other night. As a vegetarian, I'm really glad there are so many vegetarian restaurants in Edinburgh, especially a few more affordable ones. 

I've noticed some strange comments for some of the veggie restaurant reviews around Edinburgh. Some comment about the fact that despite the fact they eat meat they enjoyed a meat free meal, as if they are surprised that the addition of meat doesn't magically make something taste nice. The other common point made is that they DIDN'T enjoy a vegetarian restaurant because it had no meat in it. It's sad that a restaurant can't be evaluated in its own terms, we don't review an Italian saying "well I usually eat only Thai food so this Italian was a bit crap". I assume that even reviewers who claim they can't live without eating meat don't judge their morning toast by its absence of beef.

So let me say that Ann Purna is a restaurant that serves great food irrespective of its absence of meat. If anything this proves just how flavourful, nutritious and filling vegetarian food can be. Apparently they do serve some meat dishes when requested, but this seems pointless.

So yeah, I thought the food here tasted great. My girlfriend and I ordered a sweet, coconut flavoured, creamy dish which brilliantly complemented another savoury, tomato based aubergine curry. Along with the saffron rice (which remember you have to order separately as its not included in the price of the curry), this meal was satisfying. It was a little higher than average price wise, when you take into account the curry, the rice, and probable bread, poppadoms or side dishes. All in all expect to pay around £12-£15 for a not too extravagant but filling meal.

As for service, it was a bit of a let down. The staff were very welcoming but we had a bit of strange experience while ordering. The waiter seemed overly keen to get us to order a starter we just didn't want. He then insisted we ordered a side dish. We already wanted poppadoms, and when they arrived, it came with a range of chutneys to try. "Great" we thought "complimentary dips". Only when we looked at our bill we discovered it wasn't complementary at all. They had seemingly brought us something and charged us without a word! To makes things stranger, they also deducted two of our poppadoms which actually WERE complimentary- only they cost much less than the £3 they charged us for the chutney without telling! I'm going to give them the benefit of the doubt and say they messed up, otherwise this was pretty unacceptable. You don't want a homely "student friendly" restaurant to rip you off. I look forward to revisiting and finding out!

This experience however couldn't detract from the excellent food. It was so good it's inspired me to be more adventurous with my own curry in future! As I mentioned before, I found the food filling. As someone with a big appetite this isn't often the case. I thought the portions looked small at first, but they didn't feel small after! The creamy dishes are especially filling.

Definitely recommended, just double check your bill.
