RcB7STNxoSDjtoK1pXgWBg Working under the assumption that a restaurant is only as good as its most recent reviews, I feel I need to update my previously glowing review of Blue Taj to reflect the experience I had at lunch there today.

Unlike most local Indian restaurants, Blue Taj serves off a menu, not a buffet, for a weekday lunch. They also have some of the best Chicken Tikka Masala in town, so I stopped in today.

I was seated by a gentleman who appeared to be the manager, and throughout my meal it was never clear who my waiter or waitress actually was. After seeing me wait for several minutes with no one coming to take my order, the manager came by and took my order.

My food was brought out in a perfectly reasonable period of time, but the issue today was water, plain and simple. 

I'm an easy customer at Blue Taj. I know exactly what I want, and I pretty much just drink water with my meal. Keep my water glass filled, and heck - just glance over at it once in awhile to check, and I'm happy.

The two women who were waiting on all the tables around me, couldn't be bothered to look in my direction once. Every single time I needed more water, I had to wait several minutes, try to catch someone's eye, and flag them down. It was a different person every time.

What really sealed the deal for this one star review was when I flagged the server rushing past me without a glance after dropping off someone's check and asked her if I could have some more water.

"Sure, I'll get that," she said. And as I sat in full view of the cash register and water pitchers, I saw her walk up to the register and start talking to a friend who came into the restaurant. I don't know if my request never actually entered her mind, if it slipped her mind the first second after that, or in the 10 seconds it took her to go up and socialize with her friend and forget all about her job, but I was annoyed.

After that failure, I had to wait for the manager, who was outside talking on his cell phone, to come back in, finally turn around after 5 minutes and glance at the tables, and flag HIM to bring me some water. It's not rocket science to keep a glass of water filled.

After today's experience, I plan to just keep going for the buffet at Hyderabadi Biryani House down the road for lunch when my Indian food craving hits. Sure, buffet chicken tikka masala isn't as good as a freshly prepared individual dish, but at least they can keep a water glass filled.
