RcB7STNxoSDjtoK1pXgWBg Joke of an Indian restaurant - gimmicky and pretentious at best, which is probably why many Charlotteans starved of decent Indian cuisine think this place is awesome. 

Today was my 2nd visit to the restaurant; first was a pick up order while today my wife and I decided to dine in without reservations.

At the front counter we expressed our interest in being seated outside - 2 out of the 3 ladies standing at the counter said ok/yes, while the third disapprovingly nodded her head and said "no no, its too windy, no." I thought that came out a little rude specially as 4 tables were seated outside, so asked my wife if we should simply leave. She said we'll give it a try, so we agreed to be seated inside.

We then were ushered to a table for 2, right behind another couple who were comfortably seated. Instead of cramping behind them, I asked if it was ok to sit one more table down which was empty. She seemed unsure and said ok after I asked if it was ok twice, then continued to say that if they get a table for 6, they would prefer to use this table to join to the table for 4. I, once again, considered leaving, but was again told to give this place a chance.

The next group of 3 that came to the restaurant asked to be seated outside and were seated outside. What changed in 5 minutes?

Anyways - my wife read the menu in dim lighting and decided to order chili chicken appetizer and a karhai lamb extra spicy entree with onion paneer kulcha and 1 roti. 

The chili chicken (4 tiny pieces in a huge, square plate) came out rubbery while the sauce was good. We had one piece each before deciding to wait for the entree.

The karhai lamb with kulcha, roti and rice were brought out to our table a few minutes later. I, once again, thought the gravy of the lamb curry was decent  - but neither of us could chew through even one of the lamb pieces. I have had enough lamb dishes from many different cuisines to know that this was probably how chewing on rubber feels like. We left the curry, all lamb pieces and rice untouched - we both had one piece each of the roti.

We did contemplate if we should speak with the manager, but decided against. I had just had enough and simply wanted to leave. I wonder why many of my colleagues rave about this place; even why yelpers rate this place highly - I can only attribute it to the lack of authentic, Indian restaurants in the area or being mesmerized by the dim, blue, gimmicky interior design of the restaurant. 

Passage to India, Spice 9, Cafe Nirvana, Maharani Indian Restaurant are all better choices.
