RcB7STNxoSDjtoK1pXgWBg Given my recent addiction to Indian cuisine lately it was only natural for me to jump at the Restaurant.com special for Blue Taj. I must admit that I was a little skeptical at first since it seemed like a swanky place, and that can sometimes be red flag #1, but also I was concerned because it was tucked back into what Brian F. fittingly dubs the "doomed corner" of Ballantyne Village. But this place is nothing close to doomed. Before I get into the dishes we ate and give my recommendations, I'll just cut to the chase and say it: this is the hands-down best Indian food I've eaten in Charlotte. 

For our appetizers, my husband ordered the Tomato-Coconut Bisque, which was outstanding. Not being much of a coconut fan I usually don't like when I can taste it too strong in the cooking but there was the perfect amount of it in this soup. I went with the Mango Chickpea Chaat, a starter that was so out-of-this-world I want to make this the next time we have a party. It is a cold appetizer, with mango, potatoes and chickpeas tossed with onions and cilantro in a tangy tamarind-yogurt dressing. It was simple and packed with flavor, and surprisingly priced at $5.  

For my entree I went with the Saag Paneer and on behalf of all of my tastebuds, you HAVE to try this dish. It was as if the Indian version of that girl from the Fiat commercial rose up out of the creamed spinach and slapped me in the face with a piece of paneer. Fan-TAS-tic! My husband got the Kolmino Patio, which was jumbo shrimp sauteed with spices and tamrind glaze and ginger. This dish was also great, but we both tried to play it cool as we fought over the Saag Paneer. Both meals came with rice, and we ordered garlic naan for dipping of course. 

When we finally put down our forks we were so happy and full that we felt "food drunk." We learned that the owners from Blue Taj also own Copper, which I could not believe - no offense to Copper, but while their food may be "prettier," the taste and quality does not come close to Blue Taj. 

Overall it was a great experience and we will be back for sure. The only thing I would do differently is to order only one main dish instead of two, since they definitely do not skimp on the food here.
