rGAv357wiAolbMnmHLLc2w My buddy and I walked into North of Bombay and noticed, first, that it smelled clean and airy. Our olfactory organs were not pinched by pungency from frying garam masala, curry leaves and cardamoms. The decor matched the neutral odours - well pressed table cloths, a stained floors, order to the tables and painted walls in dark colours, inviting a mood of relaxation. 

An environment well served for a restaurant serving steak, but just completely backwards for Indian food. While some of us in North America might require a certain amount of hospital-like sterilization and well thought out interior design, as a connoisseur of Indian food, I simply cannot handle this juxtaposition.  An Indian restaurant should smell as though the intricate dishes have been cooking since mid morning (because - as Indian dishes, they SHOULD have been cooking since mid morning, or at least mid afternoon).  Much like the region from which the food comes, there SHOULD be at least ordered chaos to the dining hall.

After ordering, it was my hope that the food would be so delicious as to make me forget about this too-domestic-to-be-foreign establishment and allow me to savour a spicy curry that would stick to my ribs for hours to come.  

Alas, it was not meant to be.  We began with an order of vegetable samosas, the highlight of the meal.  They were well fried and at least adequately spiced.  They were served with a standard selection of mint chutney, tamarind chutney and Indian salad.  Not amazing, but at least familiar.  My meal selection was an order of saag paneer, EXTRA spicy.  I've been away from Texas now for 5 weeks and long for spice that will make me widen my eyes and carefully consider my next bite.  I would expect that if anyone can service this request, it would be an Indian food restaurant.  But even here, the extra spicy produced at best a curious tingle.  Finally, for dessert, I thought I'd enjoy one of my favorite Indian sweets, a gulab jamun.  Perhaps it was a good choice - had I made it many hours in advance, but this gulab jamun had long sat in a pool of syrup and become a sugar ball only slightly reminiscent of it's once doughy consistency.

The saving grace of the establishment is that the service was prompt, friendly and smiling.  While I might not have enjoyed the product, the service I received was at least pleasant.  

I can't suggest another location in the Junction or HIgh Park area for Indian food, but I can assure I'll do my best to find it!
