rgG2k-8qHXuO4ZKhC1AmIA Worst meal of my life! Not kidding.  The ajax location just opened up in my neighbourhood and I couldn't wait to give it a try.  I eat afghan food a lot, as well as Pakistani (I was born in Peshawar!) and been to many many of our friends Indian/Pakistani/Afghan and South African/Caribbean Indian weddings and events and by far this is the WORST meal I've tasted, it just couldn't be any worse. I'm thinking the Pakistani community must be appalled!!!!!!!!!!  My husband and I were shocked at the time and attention to detail it took to renovate this place and yet the food was absolutely disgraceful.  If you own this place or manage it I'd like to hear from you, please call me. I'm a food blogger and I've worked and watched many businesses and restaurants in my area as well as the GTA and they simply do not make it, if you continue like this you will be crushed, I guarantee it.   You just opened and have absolutely no focus with regard to service and menu, even the plating is very confusing.  Either you go with an upscale type service or stick to the food tray/food court style as they do in some afghan restaurants but your focus is all over the place. We sat down at a nice table, were served by kitchen staff and then watched them collect dishes from the little trolly rolled through the restaurant (you should have service stations!)   We ordered two simple dishes, beef tikka with rice salad and bread and lamb chops with rice, salad and bread. We were presented with one tiny square plate of what appeared to be salad (iceberg lettuce, 3 thin mandolined slivers of tomato, a couple  of chunky cucumbers and 3 slivers of a quarter of a red onion, no dressing, NOTHING!)  We were confused by this plate, was it for us to share? We thought our meals came with salad for each of us (we're paying 12.99 for each entree!!!!!)  Then the two little plastic containers of minty yogurt dip were plopped on the table followed by a rectangular dish of rice (looked broken, you would think if you're doing such a simple menu of rice and meat you could at least perfect your RICE after all it is our daily staple in these eastern countries)    The beef tikkas were these large chunks of beef charred to death, chewy, over done (appears to have been cooked directly from a fridge and perhaps even the wrong cut of meat, worse than anything I've eaten in my entire life be it travelling around the world or here in Canada)   The lamb chops were paper thin, charred on the edges. We had nothing but the taste of char in our mouths.   The bread was the only thing that was tasty, I'm utterly disappointed. $30 down the drain and I refused to tip another cent. I will NEVER be returning and will make sure to tell all my friends and family as well as the foodie community that I work with to never step foot in your establishment and stay as far away as possible.
