RGLC87HVaASIYLxh2RL4hg I've been hearing mixed reviews about OM but wanted to given the focus on Southern Indian cuisine. My dinner guest and I arrived around 6:30pm on a Saturday night and were were quickly seated but were told that it could take 40 minutes to get our meal.  The place was packed, which was a great sign, so we decided to take a table. We were quickly given some water and our order was taken.  Everyone around us all arrived around the same time as well.  Then the wait.  We were famished when we arrived so we ordered some appetizers hoping they would come out quick.  We look around and everyone else did the same. It was about an 45 minutes until we even got our appetizers, which was a samosa (which shouldn't have taken that long to make).  In other Indian restaurants a small plate of chutneys, sauces and some papadum would have immediately come out. In OM's case--nothing but water and drinks for the entire time we waited and waited. But once our food came out, it was well worth the wait in despair.  The samosa was spiced so well I knew we were in for a dinner treat.  I have never tasted such quality just in the samosa. Then as other Yelp reviewer mentioned, we got the Merchi Bajji (which was amazing!). I have never had them but I would say they are an Indian version of jalapeño poppers but way better!  This is a must get appetizer here. We then got our main courses soon after which consisted of Butter Chicken, Tandoori Shrimp and Aloo Ghobi. All with unbelievable flavor! Each dish was complex and rich in flavor and I suspect was due to the attention paid to the spice blends and toasting of their components.  The Tandoori shrimp was cooked to perfection and the squeeze of lime just hit it out of the park.  The Aloo Ghobi was complex in flavor given how simple the dish actually is.  I loved the Butter Chicken and was as good as I have gotten in the UAE. However, the dish was riddled with very, very small chicken bones which made the dish very hard to eat. Overall, OM is very, very good but they need to figure out some inexpensive snack to give to people the second they get a table. The hour wait without a little munchie or appetizer was way too long.  This simple change will make everyone happy including the other tables and screaming kids all around us. Maybe having a saturday dinner buffet would solve this problem.  I highly recommend with even the long wait as it was totally worth it. Very high quality well made food.  Luckily they have delivery, so I suspect calling ahead is a good idea.  If they add a snack while you wait, I'd change my 4 starts to 5.
