1v9TVINzMod7JfSQI7Aayw I visited this place after reading the reviews. I was highly disappointed with the food and customer service. After looking at their menu online, I called and a lady took my order for Chicken Tikka Kebob (I verified clearly), Hakka noodles, dosa and chat papri. When I picked up the order, I saw that it was chicken sheesh Kebob. I told one of the employees and he said he will talk to the lady at the register who took the order. I was starving the whole day, so I took a bite of the sheesh Kebob to see if I wanted to keep it, but all I tasted was eggs. So I went back after waiting 15 mins to the guy, the guy at that time went and talk to the lady. She apologized saying they were busy so she typed wrong and so they'll remake the chicken tikka order. She also took the chicken sheesh Kebob from me. Again I waited 20 mins this time. She sent a girl to get me from where I was sitting. When I went to her at the register, she tells me I owe $8.99. I asked why are you charging me for a order you messed up, that too after taking away the sheesh kebob. Also if she was going to charge me for her mistake, why did she apologize for it and offered to remake the order? If she had told me at first that she was going to charge me to rectify her mistake, then I would not have wasted my time waiting! She said, "you said sheesh Kebob on the phone, and you ate from the order". At that point, I became furious. This lady took my order wrong after I repeatedly- clearly- verified and said "Chicken TIKKA kebobs", made me wait while starving, takes away old food and then charges me!! I just left- didn't even take the sheesh kebob back. All the employees/manager (if existed) were watching what was happening to me, no one stepped in to provide any customer service. I like Indian food, that's why I went to try this place, but this place has not only disappointed me, but made me bitter about going to Indian restaurants. When I came home and tried the other ordered items, it was disgusting. Going to this place wasted my time, money, and my day. I seriously think the reviews are fake written by employees who are all from the same family.
