RkOguMKU13hPglELb6t2Vg The food here was pretty standard Indian food. There were some interesting flavors I couldn't identify in one of the dips, so that was cool.

The service here was bad (or way too good depending on your point of view). We came to relax and have a birthday dinner. Our waiter promptly asked us if we were ready to order and we said we needed some time to look over the menus (there were 3).

About a minute later the waiter was back asking if we were ready to order, so fine, we picked out some drinks.

About a minute after that (before the drinks even arrived) the waiter was back asking if we were ready to order. I was getting annoyed, but I explained that we were here to relax and have a nice dinner so we need some time to look over the menus. He seemed to understand.

About two minutes after that a runner brought over our drinks and our waiter walked over right away to ask how our drinks were (they weren't even on the table yet) and whether we were ready to order. No, we are not ready to order - I mean our menus weren't even opened. Of course we're not ready!

This time he gave us nearly 5 minutes and I had managed to open one of the menus, but sure enough, right back at the table asking if we're ready to order. I just picked something so he would leave us alone.

It took maybe 5 minutes for our food to come out. Holy shit that's quick! We took our time eating as we would in any restaurant (10-15 minutes) and I swear as I was putting the last bite in my mouth the waiter was back at the table asking if he could take my plate. He returned momentarily to take the second plate and already had a check in his hand ...but we were going to order dessert.

Obviously annoyed, he gave us a dessert menu and was back at the table 2 minutes later to take the dessert order. Dessert came out in probably 3 minutes along with another check.

I couldn't even enjoy the food because I felt we were in some kind of race. If NASCAR ever opens themed restaurants, you may want to interview the staff at this place cause they are as fast as they come.
