rnEsf4rD5a_BuaJysOezCQ Stopped by after lunch at Thai Taste (awesome food, btw!) two doors down.  It was CnF's grand opening week.  I immediately posed my food allergy questions to the manager/owner Hitesh, who went into the kitchen and quickly emerged with the pastry chef, who informed me that their chocolate croissants ($1.75) are corn-free (no baking powder in the batter, and neither corn syrup nor powdered sugar were used in the chocolate ganache filling and frosting).  Out of the individually-sliced French cakes, I could only try the "chocolate-chocolate" cake (I swear this is what Hitesh called it), $2.50 plus tax.  Again, no baking powder used in the cake, and only semi-sweet chocolate chips and heavy cream in the ganache filling/frosting!  How did they taste?  I loved the croissant's ganache filling.  The pastry, however, didn't fare so well.  With the exception of a very few flaky nibbles, most of the bites instantly felt gummy, like I was chewing on leather.  (Have you ever chewed on a moist piece of dried mango?  Yeah, something like that.)  No exquisite bites of buttery flaky crust that descend onto the tongue... I decided to just throw the bread away, but not without eating all the chocolate first!  But, oh, the chocolate-chocolate cake!!  Do yourselves a GRAND favor and buy a slice today!  One of the best chocolate cakes I've had in a long, long time!  (I've had to pass on so many recipes...)  So moist, and so devilishly good!  If I were the pastry chef, I'd give it the unoriginal, but spot-on name of "Devil's Food" cake!  The chocolate coin on top, however, was a big letdown.  Almost no flavor at all.  A waste of cocoa, that one.  I just tossed it away.

I had asked if my nephew could sample their chocolate-chip cookie and was handed a shortbread cookie.  My sister, our Mom, and my nephew all gave the cookie the thumb's down.  (I couldn't try it due to a food allergen used.)  I hope this isn't a sign of the quality of their cookies, but no worries.  As long as Cakes N Flakes offer their chocolate-chocolate cake, people will come!

p.s.  I finally received a reply to an email I sent inquiring about location address and website URL.  Looking over their online menu, I'm surprised to find out that Indian food is also being served here, alongside the pastries!  I did not spot any menu listings on the walls that advertised savory foods.  Now my sister and I willl have more reasons (as if we needed more than one reason, the cake!) to come by!
