rqLksDzegxNXMWwZk3eZnQ 4 stars overall.

In my opinion, the best indian food in town (second best if you include Chez Moi or Chez anybody who's indian mom cooks up a storm).

Anyhow, when I move to a new town, my staples are where is the nearest Taco Bell (oh look...what's that falling straight to hell...well the validity of all my reviews of course - it's a Indian thing, you won't get it), where is the nearest Zara (fail), where is the nearest coffee shop, and what's the best indian restaurant in town.

Well, I tried them all in Pittsburgh except for this one given it's location out in the boondocks of Carnegie. A colleague recommended it and he said it's the closest thing to "restaurant style" indian food you're going to get that is reminiscent of India and back east(er) in Queens, NY.

So I went.

I ate.

I was conquered.

If it is anything I know, it's Indian food.

This is great food. My go to's are the Chicken Malai Kabab (very well cooked, juicy pieces of tender chicken breast marinated in yogurt, cheese, cilantro, ginger among other spices), the spinach chicken and the Chicken Pepper Fry.

One of the reasons why Indian Food in general can be unhealthy is the extraordinary amount of oil or cream. I love their butter chicken and tikka masala but their butter chicken is loaded with cream (I can see the fat separate sometimes) as well as the Spinach chicken (but not much because spinach can be creamed by cooking it well). The tikka masala is great but it seems like they forgot  a key ingredient in theirs which would be black cardamoms and Javentri (Mace) which gives it that flavor. The butter chicken is on point, and the spinach chicken is too die for. Perfectly cooked pieces of dark meat in a spinach curry laced with cloves. It's like eating crack.

I love that it comes with naan or rice so I usually get one of each. The naan is your typical naan, nothing extraordinary.

My review for this place is overall quality and taste of food which I think they nailed.

My only thing is, for take out, I think they can give a little bit more meat in their dishes...JUST saying, sometimes there is way more gravy than protein and well, that is no Bueno considering other restaurants really don't do this.

Saved by the bell in that their food surpasses others in the area so Kudos.
