RUd_M7DPJq1I3DPq0oF--w What better to experience Little India then by going to the most famous restaurant on the strip: Lahore Tikka House.

I've been through this area many times but have never tried to eat at one of the restaurants until today. 

FOOD + COST
My friend and I shared the:
Butter Chicken ($10.25)
Karhai Chicken ($9.50)
Naan (tandoori) ($1.25 each)

I kind of expected bigger portions but with the Naan, I was super full.  The butter chicken was nothing spectacular but the Karhai Chicken was disappointing.  The reason being was the the Karhai seemed to be all bones! Small, medium and large sized bones with barely any chicken on them.  And to get any chicken, you had to eat very carefully otherwise I felt like you could crack your teeth if you bit too hard.

The Naan, great as always.  They were circular, the size of a plate.

We wanted to order the pink Kashmiri tea ($2.25 or $2.75, can't remember exactly) but they don't prepare it during the week and only prepare it on the weekend. I was disappointed after hearing that news.

The cost of the food appeared to be higher than other restaurants in the area (as per my indian friend).

ENVIRONMENTALLY NOT FRIENDLY
I like to be environmentally friendly when I can so when I saw the Styrofoam plates and cups, plastic knives and forks, it kind of gave me the shivers. 

WASHROOMS
I have a feeling they are still in renovations so the washrooms are a ways away and they are a bit tricky to find them. I feel like you have to walkthrough a garage type room to get to them.  

DECOR
When you first walk in, you are welcomed with beautiful colour saris and decoration on the wall.

But as you go in to sit down, you are greeted with plastic lawn chairs and tables.  I guess the slight premium paid doesn't go towards the decor.

STAFF
The staff were absolutely wonderful. They greeted us at the door, sent our order in quickly, provided us with water.  The key thing was that when  he asked us how are food was, we casually told him there were a lot of bones in the Karahi Chicken.  The waiter didn't take any offense to the comment and said he would make it up to us by giving us a bit more chicken.  A bit more turned into another order of Karahi.

He made our experience a lot better.

Although the wait staff were great, I am not sure whether I would come back on a regular basis.
