RUd_M7DPJq1I3DPq0oF--w Located on Gerrard in Little India, Lahore brings you Pakistani Vs. North Indian cuisine. If you seek an explosion of flavour in your mouth, and maybe somewhere else, this is the spot. Because North India is so close to Pakistan, many of the dishes have elements in common. These commonalities make for a fusion orgasm.   

From the Pakistani side you are graced with various karahi's and nihari (curries), tawa qeema mutter (minced beef w/ peas), and various kebabs and biryanis. Lahore boasts the best kebabs in Toronto. Yea I said it. Order seekh, beef, lamb or chicken kebabs, they will arrive at your table minutes later popping and sizzling with heat from the tandoor (clay oven), covered in caramelized onions and glorious seasonings. Their kebabs are so good, that I just drooled a bit into the keyboard. 

From the North Indian side you are graced with the classics: Butter chicken, chicken tikka masala, channa masala (pea curry) aloo gobi (potato/cauliflower), & matter paneer (peas/cheese) just to name a few. Take my word, Lahore has some of the best butter chicken I have ever had, and I have eaten butter chicken from all over the GTA to India itself. Remember I spoke of how powerful the fusion can be? Well this dish is the perfect example of that. It arrives at your table bubbling in cast iron skillets, so silky, so rich and has a smoke infused taste. Not sure if it's all the ghee or almond butter (2 key semi-secret ingredients to making amazing butter chicken) the tandoor or just plain love, but this BC is phenomenal. Many will argue Moti Mahal down the road has better butter chicken, but see for yourself and you be the judge. My vote remains with Lahore.   

My ideal order for 4. 

2 orders of Seekh Kebab (4 total)
2 orders of Lahori Beef Kebab (4)
2 Lamb Kebab Rice Sizzler.  
2 Butter Chickens
1 Karahi Beef
1 Matter Paneer 
4 Butter naans

After the meal I recommend grabbing a pistachio kulfi (ice cream) on your way out to cool down.

In your research of this restaurant you may find a fair amount of negative reviews; however I feel these reviews are based on individuals ordering the wrong items and one off experiences that I feel every restaurant has. If you stick close to my ideal order above, you too will catch yourself drooling into your keyboard. "Lahore Tikka House pwns kebabs and butter chicken, simply ghee-licious " - Me

*Lahore has been under renovations for only god knows how long now. Washrooms are new and well maintained.
