RUd_M7DPJq1I3DPq0oF--w It doesn't have the same quality it had before. Portions are smaller, service isn't good and the price to accompany it all does not match the overall experience. My hypothesis is that the service and quantity were lowered as a result of such a large initial customer base, that the owners thought they could cut a few aspects of the experience down overtime and no one would see the difference. 

Three people including me used to go and by the end we would have so much food left over that we could pack for the next day. We ordered the tandoori chicken breast, sizzling beef ribs and the combo veggie sizzler to top it all off... Not to mention about 5 naan breads thinking there would be so much to use it with. In the end we ended up filling ourselves with the naan. The beef ribs were improperly cooked and rubbery. It looked like they used half a piece of breast of chicken. The only thing that was proportionate was the veggie combo sizzler (but of course because there isn't any meat to cheap out on). 

As soon as we stepped in there were employees fixing the front door which not only restricted the entry to one door, but intermittently restricted both altogether. We waited about 5 minutes outside in the cold before going in as a result of a ladder in the way. When we sat down it took the waiters 15 mins to come take the order. However I do appreciate the fact that it was a holiday and they were busier than usual so I let that go. The food came shortly following the order which was very good. However, while we were attempting to bite into the dense ribs the waiters came and asked us if we were okay 12 times... Yes I counted. When we were done the main course however (which didn't take long) it took them 15 minutes to come and find out why we were sitting at a table with no food on it. Of course that could only mean two things: we were ready for the check or we wanted to order more. Instead, as we were getting up to pay at the front desk they approached us. I simply took a mango Laasi to go, however I finished it while waiting in the "payment" line at the front desk. 

This restaurant used to be a favourite of ours but we have unanimously decided that today was the last time we were going there. The amount of money we paid didn't match the quality at all... The one thing that really threw me off however on a personal note is that their sole dishware were disposable plastics and Styrofoam plates and cups. Sorry but I am not coming to a restaurant that can not handle being green and using a reusable method of serving food. I've been to restaurants cheaper than here (we spent 60 dollars altogether) that have at least the basics: glass/ceramic dishware that doesn't rip upon contact of a plastic knife trying to cut through rubbery beef ribs.
