1Vbt1GsmtQm2dkC4A2L_-g First off, this little restaurant in the North Side looks super sketchy from the outside. The exterior of this place really needs a major face-lift to make it more appealing. After entering the front door, you have to hike up this narrow stairway to another door. Once entering the second door, then you reach the restaurant. 

The restaurant itself is quite spacious with plenty of seats for large groups. The decorations are all over the place though. I became quite confused with the Bollywood music playing in the background and Chinese zodiac placemats under my silverware. Are they going for a fusion feel? Service was a bit lacking since there was only one guy there. 

I am a huge fan of Nepali food and was super excited when I found out there is a Nepali restaurant in Pittsburgh. I had the chance to try three items on the menu: pan fry momo, sadako chicken and the Nepali pork dinner plate. The momos were crisp and oily. They're just fried dumplings, nothing special. The sadako chicken was the worst though. After looking over the pictures posted by other yelpers, I felt cheated! The sadako chicken that I got was pretty much a salad of chicken pieces, carrots, cabbage, white onions, white onions, white onions, white onions and more white onions. This is raw white onions I'm talking about--like 50% white onions. Such typical plate fillers, they could've been a little more creative. 

For entrée, I had the Nepali pork plate. The plate came with white rice and pork in curry sauce with a side of some brown sauce, mung bean soup, stir fried bok choy, deep fried vegetables and pickled vegetables. I thought there were too many unnecessary side dishes. I spent the majority of my dinning experience figuring out what I'm eating. I rather they have one solid, well-made Nepali dish so I can direct my attention on that. The pork in curry sauce was well cooked with a crispy edge. I liked that they fried the pork before throwing it into the curry sauce to prevent it from getting too mushy. Thumbs up for the pork texture! The curry was super spicy though so be careful if you have sensitive taste buds. Out of all the tiny side dishes, my favorite was the fried vegetables with chunks of sweet potatoes. 

Overall the food here was just ok. The items are definitely hit or miss. I don't like how inconsistent the quality of their food is. Subba has potential, but it needs to step it up a notch. I recommend going here for the experience, but not a place I will go out of my way to check out again.
