RUd_M7DPJq1I3DPq0oF--w When I first arrived at the restaurant, I was asking myself if I made a mistake, this place is essentially two mobile trailers attached to a house. First you get seated on a plastic lawn chair at a foldable table. Then you get served with plastic cutlery, styrofoam cups and styrofoam plates. Then you have the fabric ornaments on the wall with Christmas lights on the ceiling. I felt like I was at a frat house Christmas party. If you can look pass all that, be prepared to be wowed by the food. As two of my friends were Indian (they claim Pakistani food and Indian food is really similar) I left it up to them to order. 
 
We had:
Lahori Lamb kabobs - the best dish by far, very flavourful and great with garlic naan. 
Lahori Chicken kabobs - very good, tender and juicy kabobs.
Muttar (peas) Paneer - The highlight of this dish was the paneer, fried just right, bite into the paneer and you'll get a flavourful taste of cheese.
Biryani rice with chicken tikka - a fried rice dish that comes on a hot sizzling plate. Liked it, but I've had better chicken tikka before.
Butter chicken - was ok, just had too much grease for my liking.
Samosas - disappointing, they were not crispy and had too much dough.

All the dishes had the right amount of spice to give it a nice kick, nothing was overly spicy, so your tastebuds can rejoice! I agree with the other reviewers that the staff are friendly and were happy to answer your questions. One thing to note is that they seem to be near completion of their two storey restaurant right next door. Which fortunately does not have a frat house feel to it. My 4 stars is for the food and not to be included for the surroundings.

Be sure to walk east along Gerrard street for some sweet paan after your meal, I counted 5 paan houses within 100 metres and all of them still open pass 12AM on a Friday night. Paan is basically different kinds of spices, coconut, and dried fruits, rolled up in a betel leaf, meant to be a snack and sometimes a digestif(I think?) or in our case a breath freshener. As one of my friends described it, it was like eating a air freshener. You'll need it after the spice filled meal!
