1Vbt1GsmtQm2dkC4A2L_-g This is the only Nepalese restaurant I've experienced in the 'Burgh, though I've been to a few elsewhere, and we tried this place with some friends from a major east coast city. Our first impression was that the menu was a little bit odd - they offer "American chinese food," some Indian food, and a Nepalese menu. We were also a little surprised by the location - nearly walking right past the place. When we did get up to the restaurant, we noted that there were only two other occupied tables, and we were meant to seat ourselves.

We ordered mango lassis and "indian tea" to start, which were all delicious (and so reasonable - all were under $2). We all ordered off of the Nepalese and Indian menu, and everything we got was nicely spiced (including for our one friend, who hates spicy food, who requested an "extra mild" meal). The vegetarian momos were SO tasty, and compared very favorably with the best momos I've experienced in the past. Their dipping sauce is mildly spicy, but excellent! Even my spice-hating friend liked it.

I ordered the Nepalese vegetarian meal, which came with lots of rice, all kinds of pickles, greens, and vegetables. My only complaint was that I wish I had gotten more greens. Others ordered the Nepalese chicken dish. One member of our group was a bit upset to find out that the chicken was breaded (not listed on the menu, and he has celiac disease). However, this person had enough other food that it was not a big deal. One other gripe was that they were out of all parathas/naan, which I was really looking forward to.

 The chicken curry and the Nepalese chicken were similarly spiced, and were delicious over rice. We had easily enough food for leftovers, and the price was incredibly low. Everyone was happy and very full after we ate. Paying, as others have mentioned, was a bit confusing, as it seems we were supposed to flag down our waiter to get the check, and then bring it back to him in the kitchen to pay. Not the best service, but the food, portions and price make up for it.

I'm looking forward to going back, and I'm excited to try many more Nepalese menu items.
