RUd_M7DPJq1I3DPq0oF--w My family and I have been going to Lahore Tikka House for the last 20 years, since it's very humble beginnings when they used disposable plates and had only a few tables. I remember this being our go-to spot, even if we had to drive 40 minutes. The original owner was friendly and made sure all the guests were taken care of by personally engaging with each table. I remember him fondly. 

Needless to say, on our most recent visit to this restaurant, we had the most horrible experience. Though they have expanded in space, in hospitality, they have shrank - the food quality has significantly declined, and the customer service is appalling - especially from the owner herself, Gulshan. 

We ordered our usual: beef seekh kebobs, chicken tikka boti, chicken biryani and naan. When the food arrived, we immediately noticed the skillets weren't sizzling as they usually did. It was as if cold, reheated kebobs and chicken pieces were placed on the skillets. Even the onions weren't sizzling; just thrown on top. We didn't point this out as we assumed they're busy, so it happens. The server had brought out the wrong order of naans. We had ordered 3 naans - 2 plain and 1 butter naan. He brought out 5 plain and 1 butter naan. We immediately notified him, and he went and changed it with 4 plain and 1 butter naan - which was still inaccurate. We let him know and he said "it's okay, you can keep the extra naan". Five minutes later, the owner walks over and instructs the same server to take the extra naan in front of us at our table. This is not only uncomfortable while we're eating, it's rude, unprofessional, and (lack of a better word) petty, especially when the server said something else five minutes prior. We ignore this and continue eating. 

The main issue arises when not only are both the kebob and chicken dishes cold, the kebob tastes completely different from what we've had in all of our previous visits. Instead of being minced meat, it is chunks of meat and huge chunks of fat - completely inedible and disgusting. We call the server over to show him these pieces of low quality meat with fat pieces. He understands what we are saying and agrees with us based on examining the kebob himself. He then goes to the owner and explains the situation. 

It's important to note she is maybe 5 feet away from us and we see all of this. She not only doesn't have the common courtesy to walk over and see the situation herself, she doesn't even slightly show any form of apologetic behaviour. The first rule of customer service is the customer is always right - anybody knows this - and most definitely someone in a management role should know this. The server comes back and takes the plate to her. She tells him to tell us it's "herbs" when clearly he has already agreed with us that it is large pieces of fat. We see her frolicking around, not once coming by us to say anything. 

At a later point, the chef comes to speak to us. The thing here is, if you're the owner of an establishment, it is your duty to address the concerns of the guests, not send your staff over to deal with it. The chef was a very nice gentleman and saw the kebob and agreed that it was large pieces of fat and not meat. He was apologetic, as any person with basic customer service would be. 

That being said, after this appalling experience we've had at Lahore Tikka House, we will never be returning. It's unfortunate and sad that the original owner's hard-work and vision for his restaurant is being tarnished by new management that lacks basic customer service skills, leadership, hospitality, and has a sour attitude.
