Rwts-MVJtyU4-3sw1gJWTQ read other google reviews too!!

HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE!!! DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY PEOPLE. $2K, 3K, 30K? DONT absolute read this first. we attended an event not ours but friends and this was the experience. first of the all the place is in somewhat decent condition. bathrooms are okay not enough paper, soap etc. the hall /room is decent i must say only positive thing here. first of all the food was served late, not enough quantity to feed the amount of people there. the hosts paid for 150 people yet only food to feed 80 was given. as a result had to order additional food from outside vendor. secondly, drinks ....the waitress and staff are VERY RUDE INCOMPETENT just as the owner is. beers were on the counter some in the fridge...beer getting warmer over night and they tell you we can only serve what is on the counter same with liquor juice etc. why would you serve  beer warm? why not keep it in the fridge? does not make sense. salad dressing asked staff for this and said we dont have any? wth serve food without dressing? food!! from chicken to beef to vegetables were CRAP. not defrosted properly the vegetables, chicken beef were not cooked properly and as a result tasted like garbage..mc dees was looking good that night let me tell you...then tea/coffee was paid for but not coffee only tea and guess what no MILK OR CREAM. was told we can only serve what is there. the entire night the owner /manager pictured below in the blazer was arguing with the hosts and threatened to cancel the event due to the tone of discussion. excuse me i would be really pissed off if this happened to me and as the owner needs to deal with the fire you created in the first place! the service here does not exist from the food to alcohol to dessert coffee and main course you might as well buy any fast food come filled cause you wont be happy here ...the owner offered no solution and in my opinion was a total jack*** the night. i can even imagine how this business still exists but people need to hear the truth . DO NOT COME HERE FOR ANY EVENT unless you want crappy service, crappy food and to leave hungry and with negative taste. 1000% unsatisfied with this place and will NEVER recommend or come here. i hope someone takes this dump over and can implement better customer service and experience for people.
