rxR93KtNb5vxGA17wiHd2w Q. What did the inflatable headmaster say to the inflatable student in the inflatable school?

A. "You've let me down, you've let the school down and you've let yourself down."

That's how I feel about my visit to Khushi's. What a disappointment.

I really liked the old Khushi's on Victoria St, unless I'm looking back with rose-tinted taste buds. Certainly the building was beautiful and lent the whole experience a degree of elegance. Well, at least as much elegance as you can muster while staggering up the stairs clutching your plastic bag overflowing with BYOB contributions.

I have fond memories of the food there but it seems a long time now since that place burned down (what's happening with that space, anyway?). I went once to their temporary location where the food was bad and the service worse. I wasn't sure if I wanted to go back but since they opened their new restaurant at the top of Leith Walk, it looked more stylish and back to the original vibe. I was sad to see Massimo close down though, as I was impressed both times I went there. I guess I should have gone more often, but it's a funny location at the top of the walk. Kind of on the way somewhere but neither here nor there. Intermediate but not central (as we say in the geography biz). It works for the cheap and crappy Indian (and other sub-continental) and Italian places there who grab the pre-theatre cheapskates but it's not an easy location to make a go of a high quality (and matching price) establishment. 

So. The new place looks nice from the outside, but inside it feels a bit more like a pile 'em high and sell 'em cheap kind of place. And that's how they treat you. See Gillian's review for more detail. We knew when we booked that we only had 90 minutes, which was fine, but they really rushed us and not in a friendly way. It was just rude. And he told us the starters would come with the mains because we had to be out. Didn't ask us, or make it friendly or anything. Come on, how long does it take to cook, serve and eat a few pakora? As it turned out, we finished with plenty of time to spare. The food was decent. Quite reliable quality but nothing out of the ordinary. And continued rude service throughout the meal.

Q. There are so many good Indian, Bangladeshi, etc. restaurants in Edinburgh, why would we go back to a place like this?

A. I think you already know the answer.
