rYziPPEILDXJ_F5uKR--YQ The very first thing you would need to know, this place is Take Out Only!!
I thought of checking this place out for lunch since I found out this is one of the very few (or the only one I know) places in Charlotte that serves Indian Maharashtrian street food, one of the biggest things I miss about India.
When we walked in, the place was empty, but then the owner heard the door open and came out to take our order. I was having a little tough time explaining all the dishes to my boyfriend, but then the owner gave me a menu that explained most dishes for someone not familiar with Indian terms.

Just like someone else said in their reviews, I was disappointed when I wasn't greeted or did not even get a smile. I tried to ease whatever tension was in the air by discussing some of the food items on the menu but it seemed like it was such a big task to get the lady to even talk to me.
That being said, the food still gets this place 5 stars and since it's a take out place, the lack of smiles doesn't bother me that much. Definitely a place to check out if you want to try something more than the usual South Indian or North Indian food.

The "bataka vada" (which should be 'batata' vada) was delicious! Even writing about it here is making me drool. My boyfriend had the paneer kathi rool and I had the Bombay grill sandwich, both of which were great. My masala chai was good too!
Something about the sev puri amused me though. They gave us whole puris, potatoes, noodles and sauces/chutneys separately and I had to make the puris (or mix it into the end product) myself when I got home. I see the reason why they did it, it is to keep the puris from going soggy with the sauces filled in them too long, but I doubt someone who is not familiar with Indian street food would understand what to do with a bunch of puffed up puris and sauces or how to make the sev puri.

FYI, you need to tap one side of a puri to make a hole through which you put in just a bit of potatoes, mint chutney, tamarind sauce, yogurt and then top it with the sev (noodles) and eat the whole thing in one go! I hope this helps some confused soul out there in tasting this mouth-watering off-beat cuisine

Update: Make sure the yogurt and chutneys are fresh before you take food home. I once got a bad batch where the yogurt had gone sour and the chutney container was puffed up with mold growing on the surface. Since it was too late to go back, I mentioned that to the owner the next time I went there, but they did not even so much as apologize for it. That did seem a little rude to me and so I had to knock off one star for service.
