1Vbt1GsmtQm2dkC4A2L_-g SETTING:
"Hole in the wall". Located on the second floor. Clean inside, no frills when it comes to decor. The focus is on the food.   

FOOD:
Full disclosure: first time having Nepali food, so to be fair I don't have anything to compare it to. But I will say that it does remind me of the "typical" indian cuisine in terms of spices, spiciness, and flavor. I had the Pan fry momo and Napali Chicken.  

Pan fry momo appetizer was solid. Came with 8 fried dumplings (think potstickers) and a dipping sauce. I love potstickers, so this was just what I imagined it would taste like, with some indian-like spices infused into the meat filling inside. Definitely gave it an extra kick!

The Napali chicken came on a large plate full or rice, with the chicken itself in a small bowl simmering in a sauce, some "gravy"? (excuse my ignorance...I never had Napali food before!), and some tiny sides of veggies. Overall, it tasted good and all the flavors came together wonderfully. Although, I really was hoping there would be more chicken. There were maybe 4 pieces in that small bowl--it almost felt like it was a side dish and not actually part of the main entree. With the sauce (a savory, runny texture) that came with the chicken and all the sides, it was very easy to clean the plate and be satisfied. 

SERVICE:
I think the owner was the one who brought out the food, and he was a sweet gentleman. It always warms my heart when I see an honest person that may have immigrated to the states, working hard in a restaurant to share his country's culture with others. The place wasn't too busy, so the waits were not too long. You are not approached very often for water refills or other things, but I think they would be available if you ever needed something. Very low key.   

IMPRESSIONS:
If you cannot handle spicy, then you might want to rethink your visit. Or you can tell them to go mild on your dish. Everything was good and prices were fine, but the experience was not really too memorable, other than the fact this was my first time having Nepali food. Again, I really admire the owner's hard work, so hat's off to you, sir. Keep doing your thing!
