1Vbt1GsmtQm2dkC4A2L_-g i live nearby so my boyfriend & i get take-out here all of the time.  the food is AWESOME !!  the banana lassi is homemade with real banana (no fake stuff).  the nepalese dishes are AWESOME.  i also love the chewy steamed dumplings (momo).  i asked the owner/chef to make me a vegetarian version of the sadako & he made it with sauteed potatoes & it was AWESOME !  it's full of good stuff (sauteed cabbage, cilantro, carrot, tomato, chives, onions, lemon wedges, & the TASTIEST spices!)  for those that don't like a lot of onions (because these are only slightly sauteed so they're still strong), then you may want to request less the onion in the sadako.

we eat indian & thai all of the time & this nepali food is just as good at a much more reasonable price.  those are take-out chinese food prices !!!!  but this stuff is AUTHENTIC & TASTY !!!

for those that complain about the slow service, i've talked to the owner.  he's from nepal & his English isn't perfect but he's learning.  he often is working by himself so sometimes you won't get your water filled as quickly as in another place - but this place just opened up & he's still trying to put a staff together.  b/c of that, my boyfriend & just get take-out ...a lot...several times a week. someone complained on this site that there weren't enough candies in the fennel seed near the cash register - well, i mentioned that to him & a few days later when i returned he had corrected that.  the owner is very nice & polite & quiet (no "bravado" or arrogance at all) but he just doesn't understand a lot of English so the person who complained on this site that they didn't have a good conversation w/ him over the phone when they were ordering take-out b/c he didn't know what dish they wanted, i'm sure it was b/c the owner (who answers the phone) didn't understand their English.

it would be a sin if this place failed b4 he got a chance to get off the ground.  no, the water isn't filled every ten minutes, but the food is AWESOME & very "home made" tasting - everything tastes natural (no "thickening" fake stuff that all chinese restaurants use & sometimes even thai places are starting to use in their dishes).
