S1Gpj_cqlEzitBCGAXj5aA Having just got off the plane from LA and having not eaten for several hours, I was on the verge of passing out.  (Not really, but I was feeling pretty peckish.)

Jeff and I were driving towards the hotel, when I spotted Gandhi out of the corner of my eye.  Knowing that he likes India, having lived there for over a year, I thought he might like to try.  I am always willing to try a new Indian place.  

I got a combination plate that had chicken tikka, some marinated chicken, kafta chopped up and a grilled shrimp.  The plate also came with some lentils, rice, raita, lettuce,paneer in a curry sauce and a curry with shrimp in it.  

Jeff got a vegetarian plate that had the same rice, raita and lentils, but he also got a cauliflower dish (I don't remember the name) and some other curried vegetable.  He ate it all, so I know he liked it, but I don't think he loved it.  

I loved pretty much everything I got, except the lentils. They needed something.  Salt?  The paneer was delicious.  It reminded me of the fresh cheese my grandmother used to make.  The shrimp curry was delicious, just the right amount of heat to it.  The raita was tasty.  The rice was nothing special.

I liked the naan.  I ate several pieces and I don't normally do that.  

Jeff ordered a mango lassi.  He asked that they make it special with no milk, just yogurt.  They did that and he loved it.  He might have ordered another, if he weren't so full.  

The service started off really well, but then it went downhill from there.  We got the food and then we never saw the waiters again. They were busy serving others.  So, we waited forever for the bill and a box to take home the leftovers.  

The decor was kinda nice, kinda funky, kinda dark and kinda fashionable.  I liked certain parts of the restaurant, like the giant wooden Ganesh near the entrance.  The red on the walls was nice.  The paintings weren't anything special.  They turned up the lights for us, so we could read the menu. There were some special rooms that could be shut off with curtains.  I liked that touch. 

I would definitely go back.  I wonder what the buffet would have been like, since we were there for dinner.
