1Vbt1GsmtQm2dkC4A2L_-g I dined here as it was convenient to the hospital at which my wife was having a surgical procedure performed, and the restaurant received a favorable review just this week in Pittsburgh CityPaper.  

I arrived at a couple of minutes after opening time of 11:00 a. m. and the place was not set up for business.  The gentleman who opened the door at the top of the stairs told me that he would turn the lights on, and he did so that I could proceed up the steps.

The restaurant is not modern or beautiful, but I like that it is spacious and that the tables and booths allow for the ability to speak without having to raise one's voice.  I was the only person dining for the time that I was there, about forty minutes.

The menu is red plastic and says "Fine Foods".  It is obviously a remnant from some other restaurant of long ago. 

I like that one has a selection of Indian, Chinese, or Nepalese dishes.

I ordered egg roll (four pieces for $2.55, a very nice sized appetizer for one and ample for two), and chicken lo mein for $6.95.  The prices were fair for the portion sizes and the food was tasty.  

The lo mein dish contained many pieces of succulent chicken, but it was spicy, something I have not encountered in this dish before, and which is not indicated in any way on the menu.  I would have preferred less spice.

What was greatly disappointing was the lack of attention I received.  The server/owner brought one glass of water that was mostly ice, and which was quickly emptied.  There was no refill, no quality check, and not a great deal of pleasantness.  The gentleman simply brought the dishes to the table, nothing more.  If this were my restaurant and it was relatively new, and with only one customer, I would certainly try to make the individual feel that he and his business were appreciated.  I received no sense of that.

The restaurant is open from 11 a. m. to 10:00 p. m. seven days a week.  It is not in an area in which I would feel safe after dark.

This is not a place I would go out of the way for, but it is fine for a good lunch when one is in the area.
