1WE-vUAugCNBg7-Vg4HKBg Yes, while I am the Duke of this place, I would relinquish my crown if I could.

The last time I ate here was July 4, 2011, after ordering a butter chicken to go. It was about 2pm (this detail becomes crucial in a moment). I went home, ate my takeaway, then by 2:40, my stomach started churning. By 3pm, I was vomiting, followed by several trips to the bathroom over the next 48 hours.

Yes, I suspect I got a dose of food poisoning. The fact that it came on within 30 minutes of eating made me immediately suspect my takeaway.

Long story short, after about 3 days of the worst cramps and other maladies that accompany food poisoning, I was back on my feet.

The new issue for me became: do I tell Biryani House, and if so, how do I put it to them? I decided to mention my experience to them, as a service to other future customers, and explained my situation nicely. I did not ask for compensation, make threats, or say anything untoward. I thought it had to be something in the butter chicken dish itself. The fellow who always serves at the counter said he couldn't think of anything, and seemed surprised that I would even mention it. OK, that's that, I thought, I told them, and they would deny it. Fine, move on.

A week or so later, I bumped into the same person from the resto again, this time in the Canada Post parking lot, and I asked him if he used ghee (clarified butter) in his butter chicken. He said he does sometimes. I asked if it was possible his ghee could become rancid, thereby explaining what happened to me. He took this idea on board, and finally said, "It was possible".

A number of times over the past 6 months, I have seen the owner again, and he has invited me to come back. I told him then that I could if I would, but the whole 72 hours of food poisoning etc has made my stomach flip at the smell of Indian spices, which is a tragedy, because I love the cuisine.

I waited 6 months to write this review, because I did not want to write it from a place of anger or upset. I don't want anyone else to experience what I went through, and upon reading recent reviews, it would appear that nothing has changed.

Your experience may be different, but I do not feel comfortable eating here anymore or recommending it to anyone.

I'll leave my old review up so people can see how I once felt.

Now, where can I leave this Dukedom crown .....?
