S4qUsi44l5D9BbUCkhwQEA Best tandoori chicken I've ever had!  This place is really good.  I liked every dish I tried and you could tell it was all homemade.  I got there right when they opened for the lunch buffet.  I got first dibs on all the new stuff they were bringing out and it was hot and fresh.  I always have a hard time remembering the names of most dishes, but they were all very good.  The chicken tikka masala was also amazing.  The spice level was perfect, just enough to make my nose run a bit.  I can tell this place has a strong grasp on spice use and levels and are masterful at bringing it right to the edge for buffet food that everyone can eat it and everyone will be pleased.

They fill your water as soon as you walk in and give you the option of plain or garlic naan.  I opted for garlic.  It's not as crispy as I'm used to, but it's still really good, and I think most people prefer the way it's prepared here vs. the crackery crispy type that I've had elsewhere.  This is strictly personal preference.

I spoke with the owner during my meal and he was very friendly and gave me a history of the restaurant, how long they've been open and their philosophy that "everything we serve here is what we eat at home".  It shows in their food for sure.  It's cool to have the actual owner tell you that his father is cooking for you the same thing he cooks at home for his own family.

The lunch buffet price is very reasonable.  Definitely go for the buffet to get a wide variety of everything.  They have a large selection, a nice salad section as well as several sauces which is very rare for an Indian buffet.  It's nice to have those sauces available.

My only one gripe.  My lady was unable to go with me on that day, so I promised to bring her home a dish.  I ordered the chicken tikka masala to go.  The owner asked me if I just want some from the buffet or they can make it scratch.  I opted to go with from scratch and asked for mild, since my girl doesn't need her food to be hot for her to enjoy it.  When he brought it out, it was a medium sized cup container of the entree, but there was no side of rice or naan bread.  Just the dish.  I don't know if he just kind of misunderstood what I was asking for, but I was charged more for the little cup of food than i was for the three plates (yes i had three don't make fun) of food I had at the buffet.  Maybe the owner can comment and I will switch to 5 stars if maybe I was confusing the way I ordered to go.  If not, I think this place would be perfect if they were to include a cup of rice and maybe a naan bread to make it worth the price.

The restaurant is clean and they opt to play Indian music with a contemporary twist, so you get a little something for everyone.  They keep the buffet very clean, they are attentive and fill your water constantly, which is good because this food can be spicy.
