22nkIQ4BeSYwsyaPOczOeA I am Indian, I know Indian food. This place is NOT the real deal- it is white-tified Pakistani food masquerading as Indian under the name "Mother India." I don't eat dairy, which is not an unusual custom in India. When we informed our waiter, he assured us he would be able to accommodate this. He went to the kitchen and came back to tell us that several dishes could be prepared dairy free and that he would take care of it. In the meantime, we trusted this and sat drinking our beers. 30 minutes later, another mysterious waiter tells us that actually only two dishes can be made without butter because almost everything at this restaurant is pre-made and sitting in the kitchen already (probably under heat lamps.) Had we known when we first sat down that they wouldn't be able to serve us a meal we would enjoy, we would have just left and understood --but by the time we were informed of their culinary incompetence, we were so starving and most other restaurants had closed- so we decided to see what they would prepare for us. What a mistake! We would have been better off leaving hungry.

Needless to say, the service was horrendous- the waitstaff we encountered were a bunch of incompetent fools without a sense of professional hierarchy or really a manager at the restaurant to oversee at all. One random waiter emerged after the other- none of them consistently understanding our requests or giving us what we ordered. When the food did finally arrive, it all tasted the same- a slough of mush covered up with shallow turmeric/tomato/garam masala flavoring (probably from a packet.) When we expressed our disappointment and frustration, the waitstaff was at first mildly apologetic then we saw them laughing at us behind the bar. When our bill arrived there were several errors that had to be accounted for- when I asked to speak to a manager, two different waiters pointed to other random waiters which clearly weren't supervisors so we never had the chance to address our experience at this establishment.


We will NEVER return, our stomachs ache and our wallets hurt. Mother India is a JOKE and is truly the kind of place that gringos that know nothing about Indian food eat at. It is also not a place you can eat at and trust- I assure you, even if you don't care about dairy in your food, what they are making in the kitchen isn't fresh- you would be much better off at your corner Indian deli. The concept of Indian "tapas" is just a way to serve you less and make more $. There are too many incredible dining options in Edinburgh to tolerate the mediocrity at "Mother India."
