SLg1Azq0kePm0ZWnIkHhhg I may have had a worse experience at a restaurant than the one I had at Saffron, but if I did, I can't remember it.

We had misgivings as soon as we saw the restaurant, with its empty parking lot in a neighborhood that wasn't very nice. However, since we had a Groupon that was about to expire, we went on in. The room was dimly lit enough that we couldn't see the stains on the tablecloths or chairs.

We were amused when the (then) lone server tried to turn on the lights on the centerpiece on our table, only to discover that the batteries were dead. We also laughed at the decorations held up by masking tape. Less amusing and more annoying was the television set blasting Indian movies and music videos loudly from the corner. It was obviously a satellite broadcast, and at one point, there must have been satellite problems, as the picture and sound kept freezing. At no point did it seem to occur to the staff to turn it down until the problems went away.

We ordered appetizers, sodas and entrees. Our appetizers took a little bit of time to come out, and we didn't get our drinks until our appetizers came. The appetizers were okay, but then came the long, long wait for our entrees. (I should point out that there was only one table occupied in the restaurant, so it's not like they were busy at all.) The food was bland and flavorless and cold, and didn't come with rice, which has been served with every other Indian meal I've ever had.

Not only was the food bad and the service slow, nobody ever came to check on us to see how we were doing. Probably a self-defense measure to insulate the staff from complaints. We had to flag a pre-teen server down to get our check, and even then had to wait at least five minutes while another pre-teen totaled it up at the next table using a pocket calculator.

It's worth pointing out that we were only there because we had a groupon about to expire. (A Groupon I had only purchased because I mistakenly thought it was for Saffron on Tenaya.) While we were there, two other parties came in, both because they had Groupons. I'm not surprised that they didn't have any customers there willing to pay full price, and we certainly won't be going back.
