SLg1Azq0kePm0ZWnIkHhhg Saffron, I am so mad at you.

Although it has been some months since my last visit, I *still* dream about your outstanding shahi paneer. It is truly the best in the city, and I loathe admitting that, given what an awful time my husband and I had on both visits to your restaurant.

The first visit we didn't even get food, just a glimpse of what was to come. We showed up during prime dining hours, opened the door, and were shooed away because the restaurant/banquet hall was being used for a private event. No "please come again" or "so sorry," just the busy/bewildered demeanor of someone who wanted us to go away.

But this was just a hint of the horrible service we'd encounter on our second visit, as my husband has already detailed in uncharacteristic but necessary length in his review here. The only reason I'm adding my own review is because at the time I uploaded some photos to Yelp with a rave comment about the shahi paneer, and that praise just can't stand without some qualification.

All of the food was at least decent (if maybe a little unusual, but some tastes are just a matter of preference), but the shahi paneer was just incredible. Oh how I miss it.

But I will never, never, ever go back to Saffron. The somewhat dingy and at times outright dirty decor could just about be forgiven (the food was that good), but the service was so unspeakably slow (waiting an hour - no exaggeration - for the check in an almost empty room after an already turtle-paced meal) and absent/weird/rude that despite my wistful jonesing for the sublime incarnation of my favourite Indian dish, I just can't risk even a slice of the previous experience.

Maybe it's changed, but I will never know. I work a short drive away and could easily phone in a take-away order well in advance, but even if you could guarantee me that nothing would go wrong, we were treated so poorly that, on principle, I can't justify ever giving this establishment my money again. I'm pretty sure it was the very worst restaurant service I've ever had in my life, and I nearly got into a cage fight with a waiter at Gonzalez y Gonzalez back in 2001. 

Nope, never again. Let the most delicious shahi paneer in Las Vegas grow cold and congealed - it's just not worth it.
