SLg1Azq0kePm0ZWnIkHhhg Is it possible to give a place lower than a 1 star on Yelp ? Seriously, this place needs it.

Located in an old strip mall on the east side of town, the outside actually looks nice, once you fight your way through the door it all seems to go down hill from there.

As the only people in the place it was surprising to be ignored, a request for a table for 6 took us to a table for 4...Yep, this is how it would be....

Now I should say, we have eaten here before, but my mother in law grabbed a groupon for the place so the choice was taken out of my hands.....

Menus delivered, a whole two of them for the 6 people....

Food and drinks ordered...then nothing, for 30 minutes we sat, nobody to check on drink refills etc.

To the food. Descriptions taken from their menu :

Veggie Pakoras, Mixed vegititables in a special batter. fried to a crispy brown, by which they mean a mixture of onions...I actually love Chicken Pakoras, the batter was ok, but seriously, if you are going to offer a mixture of vegetables, actually serve a mixture.

Back to being ignored for another 20 minutes.

Mixed Tandoori Combo,  Mixed Tandoori Combo seekh kabob,Chicken tikka boti,Chicken Tandoori (Two), actually not bad, the seekh kabob was probably the best thing I ate there.

Chicken Handi, Pieces of chicken cooked in a butter flavored cream sauce, a not so good version of buttered chicken.

Shrimp masala, not listed on the one line menu, but if you know Indian you can figure it out...Blah, pretty much blah.

A couple of orders of plain nan and garlic nan, actually the second best thing behind the seekh.

Meal finish, time to be ignored again...seriously do these people have no idea on how to run a restaurant ? If you leave the floor unattended for 20-30 minutes at a time, with the door jammed open, people will walk out, not pay bill, get fed up and leave...

So with a little bit of work the food could be ok, the service..well there is none so it doesn't apply.

If you're looking for a good Indian meal try Everest or India Masala.
