sRirP65Q7BSg3Lj9FdkKWQ I really wish I could remember exactly when I first came to Ghandi Cuisine, or go back in time and slap myself for not discovering it sooner.  Now, I can't imagine life without it.

Where to start?  The best thing on the menu, hands-down is the Butter Chicken on Rice (with a huge Veggie Samosa - best deal in the city at $1.50 each!!!).  I know a lot of people like the roti's here, and while they're not bad, the roti itself isn't all that special (Bacchus actually has better roti skins - with a more textured channa layer).  Still, they are made fresh right in front of your eyes - those poor people in the kitchen must fire hundreds of piles of dough through that cool auto-roller every day.

Also great, imho, are the Lamb Curry (again, on rice - you can get Lamb Vindaloo, even though it's not on the menu, but it really is super-hot, and sometimes I just can't finish it), and the Saag Paneer.

You have to indicate the desired spice level for each dish (unless it's the Vindaloo, which only comes in HOT) - they briefly moved from 3 to 5 levels (mild, mild-medium, medium, medium-hot, hot), but have since dropped back down to the three basics (mild, medium, and hot).  Unless you're completely unable to tolerate heat, the lowest you should go is medium (on top of heat, you lose quite a bit of actual flavour going down to mild).

Also, the most important thing is CALL YOUR ORDER IN AHEAD OF TIME!!!  The wait in this little place if you don't can be torturous (it's usually not more than 20 minutes, but unless you're literally around the corner, it'll take you about that long to walk there from home/work/hotel/shopping/etc.), so put the number in speed dial (416-504-8155), call your order in, make a mental note of your Order Number, and laugh maniacally at all the people milling about the counter wondering why you're so cool, you can literally walk up, pay and have your awesome food handed over immediately.  And if you think there might be even a teensy-weensy possibility of having a craving over the weekend, be aware they're closed Saturday and Sunday (they dabbled with opening on the weekends, but they've gone back to being closed for whatever reason), so order on Friday, and reheat it in the oven to get your fix (reheats really well - just do it in the original foil container sans lid).

Also, don't be a jerk!  I've seen some pretty atrocious behaviour in there when it gets super-busy, with some pretty racist comments about language skills thrown around.  These folks make some mean food, with probably very little compensation (aside from the actual owners), so be aware that there's a tip jar at the front.
