SU56w479vUfFHsvmvQIf7A Sure, this place may not being the best of the best Indian, but I would recommend this place if someone was looking for an Indian food.

I was on business trip alone, so I didn't want to dine alone in the restaurant so I started to look around what I should have for To-Go.
Indian food came in to my mind so I yelped.   

I had a very specific request.  My request was something that wasn't on the menu, I wanted to have Keema Chicken.   

so, I called 2 other places before I landed to the India Oven.   The first 2 places I called, both said No, can't make keema chicken because it's not on the menu.   

And finally I called India Oven, I asked the same question, he said "No problem, we can make Keema chicken for you"   

That's the attitude!   Keema chicken normally is NOT on the menu at many Indian restaurants.  It is because Keema(means ground/minced) chicken is more like home cooking and not really the type of food that the restaurants serves. (I don't know why they shouldn't!) 

As I eat alots of Indian food and know exactly what I wanted to eat, I didn't even check the menu.  I ordered Keema chicken, Plain Naan, Rice, Papadums and Raita. 

Their Keema chicken was good.  A lots of ginger as I expected.  Exactly what I had in mind.  I wish they put green pees but was not a big deal. 
Papadum was spicy and crispy.  I ordered extra so that I can snack tomorrow night!!   

Naan was great, fresh and chewy. Just as Naan bread should taste.  I stick with plain, I don't like those Garlic and the other flavor ones because I want to taste the floury doughy Naan.  It was really good.  I only wish if they didn't use so much oil when they bake the Naans but not a big deal, I liked it alot.  Like I said in beginning, There are better Indians all over the country and I had a better one before.  

Anywayz, My bottom line is,  If you ask something off the menu and they still accommodate you,  that's right there they earned a good score and  some good reviews.   That's the way a good service supposed to be like. 

Kudos to them and that's why I give 4 stars.  (I often order something off the menu, there are some restaurant that are happy to do that for you and this place is one of them) 

The interiors/decor are pretty cheesy typical Indian style.  Almost like decor in 80s. But we all have places to enjoy atmosphere already, this place isn't that kind.  


Again, It is highly recommended.  I would definitely go back.  The staff were all nice and friendly, the owner came out and said hi to me too and I was just a To-Go customer.
