t4bBKVXbr8bIN9nEJIobYg In a lonely, half-filled strip mall behind a McDonald's......  The sign, nearly missed, drew my attention one day on my way to work.  An Indian restaurant? Up here? Could it be?  Thoughts of culinary joy filtered into my mind and the "Curry-Plum Fairies" danced in my head.

This was my second visit to Saffron. The first time, my friend and I ventured in and my love sensual decor did a delighted dance.  The walls are a warm, almost Tuscan texture, and the windows are hidden by a dalliance of lovely, transparent, red, gold, and emerald curtains. My friend and I shared the Butter Chicken and the Saffron clay oven platter. The butter chicken held pieces of tender, moist chicken in the most delicious, buttery, flavorful sauce over rice. The Saffron platter was a mix of chicken, shrimp, and Indian sausage slow cooked with tandoori spices in a clay oven.  We also ordered the garlic naan bread, which I thought was to die for.

Today, I thought I'd try the lunch buffet since I had some time and wanted more than my fridge had to offer. The buffet is $11 and contained 8 dishes, salad, and yummy Indian sauces. I had the tandoori chicken wings, a vegetable samosa, spicy chicken curry, lamb curry, a lentil dish as well as two other vegetable dishes.  I am ashamed to admit that I am not fluent in the names of Indian dishes. (Maybe I'll tackle that in 2011)
Along with the buffet came a basket of regular naan. I'm no expert of all breads Indian, but this bread was SO yummy.  Clearly just baked in a hot oven, the bread glistened with butter over it's hot bubbly dough.  It was savory with almost an undetectable hint of sweetness.
All in all the food seemed authentic, not too spicy (and you know I like my spicy...), but in some cases I thought needed a smidge more salt.  Now, I probably like too much salt, so this may not deserve the elimination of a star.

In the end the atmosphere is very nice, and the staff is friendly, attentive and genuinely concerned that your experience is a good one. If you're ready to venture away from your weekend trip to Applebee's, and want something that will tantalize your taste buds....  Head over to Saffron for some serious yum.
