t4bBKVXbr8bIN9nEJIobYg Despite the fact that Saffron is a little far north for us to drive, a restaurant.com gift certificate combined with our love of Indian food convinced us to give it a try.

We arrived at about 7PM on a Saturday and the place was deserted. We were the only customers. I worried about what the food would be like if no one else was here and if it was good, how the place would survive. By the end of our meal any worries were dispelled. The food was delicious and the place was packed with hardly an empty table.

The meal began with some complimentary pappadums with the usual accompaniments of mint and tamarind chutneys.  We started with a serve of samosas which I initially thought looked a bit dense, but they turned out to be the most aromatic and delicious samosas I have eaten in Las Vegas and I found myself regretting not ordering a double serve.

For our mains we split a paneer makhani, my wife had shahi paneer and I had chicken tikka masala.

My tikka masala was delicious, although it was a bit different to other tikka masalas I have had in the past, having a bit of a vindaloo flavour. I initially thought they might have mixed up my order, but the chicken was definitely tikka with clear skewer holes in the meat. Either way, it was absolutely divine.

My wife absolutely loved her shahi paneer and when I helped myself to some and plenty of the ample gravy I agreed. Very rich and nutty and perfect fodder for the delicious serves of garlic and plain naan we ordered with our meal.

The paneer makhani was also very good, although I found it just a touch runny when compared to the wonderful consistency of the shahi dish. If I had ordered it on its own I would have been more than satisfied, but next time if we split a dish I think I'll try some sort of kofta and see how that is.

The restaurant itself is really attractive and welcoming. When I read other reviews that said it was in a "Strip mall" I had visions of a grotty row of shops with some cheesy red and green neon, but the place looks really classy and the "strip mall" looks more like a business park and is only brought down slightly by the presence of a honking great McDonald's out front.

Service was great and friendly. Water was refilled promptly and they did well handling the sudden influx of crowds.

Prices were decent. I would say the main dishes were a couple of bucks more expensive than your average Indian restaurant and appetizers were a dollar or two cheaper than average, so if you're ordering a bit of everything it should work out about even.

Saffron Flavors of India is a great addition to a growing list of quality Indian establishments in Las Vegas. It's of the highest quality and ranks among the very best, to the point where the thirty to forty minute drive from home won't daunt us in our future dining decisions. We will definitely be back.
