t4bBKVXbr8bIN9nEJIobYg The Skinny: came in for their $12 lunch buffet and was greatly disappointed with the lack of selection and the quality of some of the items... for f*(k's sake they f^&ked up kheer (2) service was good - nothing special though (3) value: given the plethora of Indian restaurants offering buffets in the valley, this one ranks poorly with regards to price, selection and quality (2).

Came in because we'd heard they were starting to do lunch buffets. Add the recent promotion of $2 off, we were psyched to try it out especially when it's a lot closer to our neck of the woods.

I was really surprised by the lack of selection available considering the price. For $12, there were 8 hot items (including rice) with a small salad/fruit bar and kheer.

But this would be okay if the food was fantastic across the board. However it missed the mark. Of all of the dishes, the standout was the Goan Fish Curry. The fish had a lovely texture while the curry was wonderfully mellow. However, you were pretty much dumpster diving to look for pieces of fish in the curry. Other than that, everything else was okay (lamb masala, chana masala, paneer masala) to not-so-great.

Of the not so great items was the dal (bland), the orange chicken (soggy, overly sweet --- I'm not sure how this fits in with everything else - this s*(t is about as American as apple pie), and the kheer. 

I have to take a minute about how they messed up the kheer. Not only did they cheap out on the rice (they used some sort of long grain instead of basmati), they may have used leftover rice to make it with the rather large clumps of rice emerging from the pudding. If you stirred the rice while you were cooking it, this doesn't happen. In addition, the rice was undercooked and hard. Plus you don't even get that hit nice hit of cardamom at all.  Bleh. Major turn off. 

The garlic naan came to the table nice and hot and flavourful. However texturally, it was a little too hard, a little too doughy and not enough flakiness. 

Sporting a tomato chutney, an unpleasantly weak mint chutney (where's the mango chutney?) and a rather watery raita, I was disappointed by the lack of pickles and other condiments normally seen at other places.

Given the plehtora of places available in the valley that offer better selection, better quality and overall better prices, I'd skip this place for the lunch buffet. 2 starred review.
