t4bBKVXbr8bIN9nEJIobYg Really happy that they opened back up so I could finally try them. My mother and I went for dinner on a Friday night around 6 p.m. The establishment is divided into two areas. There is a bar on one side and on the other side is the dining area. There were a few tables occupied but not busy yet. Two very cheerful servers greeted us and after being seated asked if we had any questions.

Everything on the menu is ala cart so it can be pricey. They brought us a basket of papadum and couple of chutneys. The green chutney was my favorite, while the red was a little too sour for my taste. We started off with two mango lassis and paneer pakora. My go-to drink at any Indian restaurant is mango lassi. I can usually down 2-4 of them during the course of a good meal. These did not disappoint; nice and creamy with just the right amount of sweetness and perfectly smooth. The paneer pakora was huge. Not really that used to appetizers at an Indian restaurant being that big. We were going to get full before the meal came. The pakora was crispy and brown and we also spread the chutneys that came with the papadum on them. The paneer has a bit of a nutty flavor and is sort of the consistency of very firm tofu.

For entrees we ordered Butter Chicken, Tandoori Chicken and Kadai Ghosht. The Butter Chicken was good, I got it at spicy level 5. Was not to enthused about mom's Tandoori Chicken. It came out all sizzling and hot on the plate but the piece I had was flavorful but dry. Mom said I must have picked the only dry piece on the plate since her's were pretty juicy. I think my favorite dish was the Kadai Ghosht. It is a lamb curry with onions garlic and ginger. It was very tender and succulent and the flavor was out of this world. We also had panner naan (good) and garlic naan (very garlicky so very good) as well as they served us a small dish of basmati rice to share between us.

Now as far as the service goes, it's the type of service I expected. I don't think I have ever been to an Indian restaurant were the servers are snappy. They are not bad but if you are expecting to be in and out the you are out of luck. They were very cheerful and quite helpful. Our server was a bit too eager to clear our plates away (even when we hadn't finished yet.) I was a bit alarmed to hear a server recommend to a family a vindaloo when they asked what was a good dish that was not spicy. But considering they go on a 1 to 10 spice level for every dish I suppose that was okay?
