t7wcfSi4yOLXGW6FBq0W8Q Before reading this review, I don't mean to be an A--hole so I will only write my experiences and how they happened, you be the judge...

I've given this place 3 tries in the past 6 months, all strikes in my books, here goes.

#1
Tried the chili chicken lunch special, took it home to eat.  Portion was much smaller than Federick's and just didn't taste very good, also there was a long grey hair in it, like from an old woman or something, I had pulled out of my teeth, disgusting.

#2
They advertised that they delivered so I let the hair strand in my food slide.  I ordered at 530pm on a weekday, ordered the chili mutton, fried noodles and some spring rolls.  I ordered by just calling them, not from JUSTEAT.ca.  I live fairly close and would expect the food to be here as quick as a pizza, 45 minutes.  By 630 I was getting hungry, I called the restaurant and they promised me the food had just left the door, GREAT!  Food will be here in ten minutes.

LIES!  I waited ANOTHER 45 minutes and I get a phone call from the delivery person that he's outside.  I do apologize for getting angry at the delivery person, it wasn't their fault, I was just venting and I hope he conveyed my anger to the owners.  I had ordered the food at 530 and it arrived at 715, no phone call they were going to be late, no apologies, no discount, nothing to acknowledge their F-ck up!  Chili mutton was good so I let this one slide yet again.

#3
Knowing that last time my order took almost 2 hours to deliver even though I live like 2km away, I ordered again, this time, at 930pm using JUSTEAT.ca website this time.  At 933pm, literally 3 minutes after putting in my internet order, I received a confirmation email that the order has been placed.

The website says the order will be delivered within 45 minutes, wonderful!
at 950pm, I get a call from the restaurant saying they JUST received the order, WTF, is it really that busy on a weekday close to 10pm?
They called at least this time but to say the food was going to arrive at 1045pm, an hour and 15 minutes for chili chicken, chili mutton and Manchurian chicken? Seriously?

This is the LAST straw for me, I gave them 3 tries and all were bad experiences although different.  

Chili mutton tastes great, but due to the poor execution, communication and lack of management, I will not be recommending this restaurant to anybody.

Happy Eating Toronto.
