t7wcfSi4yOLXGW6FBq0W8Q We happen to be in the area last Sunday 09/10/2017.  We were craving for chili chicken, but we also were willing to try a different resto for it.

We ordered : N8 Hakka Chow Mein (sweet), CH5 Chili Chicken (Dry) & FR1 House Special Fried Rice.

Service :  was a bit on the slower side at the time of our visit (around 2pm) only 1 person covering the dining room and what appeared to be only 1 cook in the kitchen.  Upon sitting we were given a glass of water each (room temperature), I had to go to the counter to request a glass of just ice.  Later in the meal I also went to the counter to request a pitcher of ice water.  The girl serving was still pleasant and courteous.

Food : the sweet hakka chow mein was good we would rate a 3/5.  It was really dark in color.  The chicken used in this was breast meat, since it was really dry.  The chili chicken - dry version, we would rate a 2.5/5 overall.  There wasn't enough spice heat in the dish tho the nuggets of chicken themselves were tender.  As for the House Special Fried Rice we'd say 2.5/5.  Nothing super special about it, not enough shrimps and the squid pieces were cut too small.  The chicken in the special fried rice was also breast meat..since it was also dry.

As a note on spicy heat, the chili chicken isn't spicy enough at Hakka King. There was spicy heat, in my case as well as my wife, we would say the spicy heat would be about 1/5 for us.  At China Cottage in comparison we would rate the same Chili Chicken - dry we would give their version 3/5 for spicy heat.  We still enjoyed the dish in the end, for a milder experience..since neither of us had to guzzle down water to put out any flames.  If you happen to be looking for a Chili Chicken -dry experience that you need to reach for something quenching to put out the flames I'd say look somewhere else , or use the chili condiments to mix with the chili chicken.

As for repeat visits, yes we would go back, to try other dishes.

I would rate Hakka King as $$ for couples (walking out full for $11.00 - $30.00)  For per head rate $ ($1.00 - $10.00) is a bit harder to determine since Hakka King at least time of our visit didn't seem to have any lunch time combo offerings for weekends.  

As for method of payment, they accept CASH, DEBIT.  Uncertain as of this writing on Credit Cards.
