Tal9LqH3fvSDiF_-YDnfEg I freaking love Indian food.  I dream of curry.

I'm usually more than satisfied and have only had one poor experience in my life.  Here, I had an average experience. 

After reading rave reviews, I had to see what all the delight was about.

Started out awkward when my friend suggested we parked in the rear after noticing a 'Parking in Rear' sign (see photo).  I'm always up for new things.  We drove through a very narrow alleyway to come to what I would not advertise as 'parking' as it was clearly where the two employee cars go and where they empty grease (see photo).  After noticing that, I chose to back up, but the young gentleman emptying a pickle bucket of grease insisted I park in the 'parking lot'.  Okay, that's fine.  

We walk in and it smells curry-licious.  We arrived around 2pm so I wasn't sure if the buffet was gonna be slim pickins. Took a look at it and decided to go with that and sample everything.  [I usually don't take the buffet route with any other food but Indian.]  There was plenty of all of the food which was a plus.  They made fresh naan and brought it out to us.  Plus plus.  But it was really buttery, almost soggy.  Minus.
The rice was more room temperature than fresh, but the rest of the food was decent.  The chicken in the tikka masala was actually very good.  Sometimes chicken can be shady but this was nice white tender grainy chicken.  I ate the rest of my samplings not complaining but not raving.  It was okay.  I didn't love anything.  Only one lamb dish (which I don't remember the name) was spicy; the rest was very mild.  

The ambiance is amusing.  Thank god I wasn't there on a first or second date.  There was absolutely no music and we were the only ones talking in the whole place.  The decor consists of a few traditional Indian textile pieces on the very bare walls.  I think my favorite aspect, though, were the table settings.  Now, I don't need linens and candles floral centerpieces, but our table was covering in something resembling seran wrap.  With a disposable paper placemat underneath.  and yellow rings on the seran wrap from a previous dish.  Now that I could have done without.  

I think I'll try around a few different places before returning, or else return to order off the menu and opt out of the buffet choice.
