TBHpa0OX9WnWdlrti-KBxQ I am relatively new to Indian cuisine however it is fastly becoming my favorite cuisine. I needed somewhere close to eat and so I checked my Yelp bookmarks and this was on there. After mildly inconveniencing a few drivers who kindly told me I was number 1, I was able to exit and find my way to their ample parking lot. 

I was a little nervous when I was the only one in the place, but I was getting take-out, so I figured that is what most people were doing. I inquired if they had a lunch menu because the prices were a little steep for lunchtime. The gentleman informed me that they did not, but they had a lunch buffet. Ok, I am game.. I checked out the buffet and they had everything I wanted and more. I was told that I could have as much as would fit in a large Styrofoam take out container for $9.95 (that was a mistake sir). I stuffed rice, chicken tikka masala, dal, lamb kushta, batata wada, veggie pakora and naan into the container and checked out. 
I am a little confused on the math. I was told $9.95 but was charged $10. There isn't tax on food or take-out, so I am not sure what the nickel was for. It really has no bearing on my review. I just thought it was odd.. Equally as odd is that they are closed on Mondays. I have come to expect that from a hairdresser, but I would never expect to see a restaurant closed. Perhaps this is more common than I know..

Usually with buffets there is that one dish that is the weak link. You pile your plate high and then everything is scarfed down except that one thing you thought you would "give it a try". That was not the case here. I just demolished the entire container. Everything was so flavorful and delicious. The batata wada was a little odd looking but was fantastic. It was my first time trying many of these dishes and I am glad I had the opportunity to do it in a buffet so that I could get variety. 

Dining room was really nice, well decorated and smelled incredible. The prices seemed reasonable for dinner, however they are a tad high for lunch. Your best deal for lunch is the buffet. The menu is huge and offers a lot of variety. As I have found with most Indian restaurants, it is very vegetarian friendly. The quality of the food is magnificent. The food is not pretty, it looks like it was freshly made and served for enjoyment rather than for a picture on the box. I highly recommend this place. 

As a side note, it has possibly the best naan in northeast Ohio. If you find better, let me know cause I am a huge fan.
