tcclqqE4T8XbgS-02vsl6A I like going to small festivals for the experience even though sometimes they can be more money and not as comfortable as going to a sitdown, just so I can try something different. 

I got a ticket two-fer on livingsocial and came with my buddy, Yelper Melissa G. It's at the amphitheter so there is limited park bench style seating, but plenty of grass so bring a blanket for the grass or some fold up chairs. It was busy, but not overly crowded that you can't find space or wait more than 5 minutes at a busier booth. 

The way they do the food is you don't hand them money, but little money value cards. I prepaid for these coupons when I got my tickets, and you can purchase  more inside too. They told me I can buy whatever value I needed, so I looked at the menu to see the offerings at each stall and cost and started off with $20 since that was gonna cover more than a few dishes. The most expensive was $10 for full plates, while street food style offerings were $3-6. I included pictures of this years menu to give folks a idea.

This is what we got to try - 

Melissas first pick was a Masala Dosa (made by Mint). I havent had one in a while and it was solid as far as dosas go. I grabbed a buffet plate from India Palace which gave you rice, naan and 3 dishes: I got some chicken makhani, veggie korma and saag paneer. I liked their saag paneer and so did Melissa. I thought the makhani and korma were solid. 

We got up and went to try more things. Melissa got Aloo Tikki Chana and from the same booth I got Rabri Mal Poora which was made by Origin India. Hers was aright but I've had better. I liked the Rabri dessert which is like a fried dough soaked in syrup topped with a creamy sauce.

Then we went to go get some lassi which was also Mint Indian. She got mango and really liked it. I got "spiced buttermilk" which made me think it'll be spices like how the desserts are and it sounded good...but it was a bit savory/spicy/salty and was more like drinking a yogurt sauce. 

After I went to exhaust some of my left over tickets and got a chaat papri which was made by India Palace. I thought it was filling and refreshing. Then I went back and got a strawberry lassi because my savory one wasnt doing it for me. 

We watched some performances but it started to rain and we took cover under some trees for a while and decided to go which came in good time as then it started to pour down on us like crazy. 

There were non food items too. Plenty of jewelry accessories, clothing and lots of scarves and sashes all in beautiful Indian textile array, but I didn't really peruse heavily so I cant comment on prices.

Overall I had fun. It was a "low pressure" festival. No crazy long lines and pretty organized made for no frustration moments.
