TElfyEowMFTPR1gAwMLcNQ Went on a Saturday night using our Entertainment coupon (which listed old address, had to call for new, they gave a nice apology). There was a party going on behind screens, all Pakistanis, women & girls in traditional wear, balloons, lots of children that were literally running though the restaurant, squealing with delight. Very glad we were not expecting a romantic dinner... We approached it as cultural diversity, chose to enjoy the loud, festive atmosphere. OK... A little annoyed when one of the little girls did a few particularly high-pitched repeated squeals, & one kid bumped my chair as they chased each other across the restaurant...

It was less than an hour of closing, so we asked if the buffet was not such a good idea (been out a while, no fresh coming). The kid waiter went to ask, and we appreciate that he returned reporting that the menu would be a better choice to insure quality.

 Ordered lentil soup & sesame naan (new & listed on back pages). Lentil soup was soft yellow color, not darker lentils I'm used to. It was creamy with very small pieces of lentils. The flavor was more mild than I'm used to, but a subtle spicy. It was nice, no complaints. The sesame naan was fresh, crisp bottom, soft top layer, added a bit of salt and WOW delicious!! Lots of sesames on top, yum.

Then ordered chicken tikka masala, as I'm working my husband into such foods, and he for sure likes this dish. Nice white breast meat which he prefers, simmered in that divine red creamy sauce. I'd call it mild heat at best. I'd prefer a bit spicier, but perfect for my husband. 

We brought our beverage with us, after calling to make sure it was okay. Nothing is mentioned on the website one way or the other. They were very accommodating for this, brought us glasses, and offered an opener to use. I am under the impression there's a seating size limit to such places & not sure they don't exceed it, so I'm going to stay vague so they/we don't lose this option! It was GREAT - kept our bill nice and low.

If it wasn't for the Entertainment coupon, we wouldn't have known to try them... Now we will be back!

4 stars not five because it was really good but not mind-blowing... It would take a big wow to have me give 5. Children thing doesn't affect score, as I know that was a celebration exception, and again chose to see it as a cultural experience. Omar works part-time, very nice, friendly, good customer service. He apologized for the chaotic environment, which was nice. 

Saw grumpy uncle at counter, no smile, but we didn't have any interaction with him. We were waited on mainly by a nice kid with puffy black hair, seemed a bit timid but did fine with everything. Omar came to us and chatted at the end of the evening.
