TfabYPasZ1oOMN6JLa-yvw Well...

On a whim my friends and I were looking for a good place to eat and someone suggested India Palace. Having heard the good reviews over the years, we decided to give it a try. I checked the yelp app on my phone and saw that with 'check-in' on the app you get 1 free appetizer or cocktail with purchase. The reviews were also favorable so in we went. We arrived at 5pm and the place was seemingly in between shifts so we were sat promptly. 

I noticed on signage that there were Happy Hour specials until 6pm so I asked the hostess about them. She replied, "Happy Hour? Why not? .. You can get buy 1 get one free on appetizers. " Great, It was about the same as the deal on the app so we ordered. 

We had Veggie and Lamb Samosas, very nice as well as a few other items including garlic naan bread, Chicken Briyani, (Chicken mixed with Basmati rice with spices, cashews & vegetables) and Chicken Tikka Masala, (Tandoori white chicken marinated in yogurt & spices, simmered in a creamy tomato sauce.) Pretty standard stuff. We even opted for some traditional desserts and Indian Beer.

All in all the food was really good and tasty and I was very satisfied and full. Service was a bit off, but I think that may have been due to the language barrier, and sometimes the server would suggest an item, and then bring something else. In this case he offered a couple of different beers and then brought something altogether different. It wasn't a huge deal as the beers were good and 3 of us were sharing so they went fast.

What was strange was when the bill arrived, I asked again about the Happy Hour specials, as the bill had not been adjusted. Our server was no where to be found and the server presenting the check had no idea what I was talking about. I got up to ask the hostess that seated us about the specials, (she was the one that said "why not",) and she acted as though she didn't know what I was talking about.. then reluctantly adjusted the bill. 

The 'new' server brought over the adjusted bill and seemed pretty aggravated at me. Possibly for asking about the discount? I don't know but it was not a happy presentation of the new check. We paid and left. 

I would go again, possibly for a buffet situation, as I wasn't completely satisfied with the service, but the food was very good. I think at least one of my friends wouldn't return due to the service. We weren't asking much but the hasty and unhappy presentation of out adjusted bill kind of put us off a bit. Like I said though, we liked the food, so who knows :)

You should know that India Palace is on a very sketchy part of Twain Ave. It is literally always surrounded by police cars and as we pulled into the parking lot of the restaurant. No less than 4 police cars with sirens blaring were pulling 3 guys out of a car next door and had them pinned to the ground at gunpoint. I mention it, because I know the neighborhood well, and this has to be one of the less savory sections. I just wouldn't want a tourist to stop in and be surprised but commotions such as an arrest at gunpoint in a connecting parking lot.

Happy Eating!
