TfabYPasZ1oOMN6JLa-yvw *Review for lunch buffet only

I think India Palace is akin to the Kevin Bacon of Indian buffet restaurants since a google search for "India Palace restaurant" will yield one in virtually every state across the US despite not representing a franchise of any sort.  Yet the prevalence of Indian restaurants bearing this particular name is as longstanding and prolific as the consistent film career that spawned Kevin Bacon's namesake movie trivia game.  

The various elements sampled and experienced on my first time visit displayed a versatility much like the individual character performances that has made Kevin Bacon ubiquitous across the cinematic landscape:

Splashing debut ("Animal House")-As a fraternity pledge that captured Hollywood's attention, the free mango lassi with checkin on Yelp will be sure to capture yours

Over-the-top ("Footloose")- Like his rebellious city teen persona Ren McCormack, enjoy racy song and dance numbers with Bollywood films playing on an endless loop amongst TV screens in the background while you eat.

Solid/reliable supporting actor ("Mystic River"/"A Few Good Men")- not necessarily the leading role like a Sean Penn or a Tom Cruise,  but the mini samosas are a solid appetizer with the right ratio of filling to dough enhanced with a few drizzles of tamarind and mint chutney. 

Chillingly good performance ("Sleepers")- availability of chaat in the cold section of the buffet line 

Overdone ("Hollow Man")- As scientist Sebastian Caine, "Yeah! If I die, pretend the last words I said were real deep and clever."  If I'm hungry, I'll pretend the tandoori chicken was not dry and overcooked 

Lukewarm("Picture Perfect")- a performance as uninspiring as the the saag paneer with an unattractive layer of oil floating on top

Risky("Tremors")- mixed reviews from critics regarding his role in this subtle comedy/sci-fi thriller, but reminds me of the risk one partakes in consuming the fruit in the salad bar since I'd be afraid of any underground postprandial "rumblings" within one's GI tract.

Ridiculous ("The Air Up There")- the presence of macaroni and cheese and chicken nuggets on the buffet line is as preposterous as the plot of this movie starring Kevin Bacon as a college basketball coach venturing deep into Africa to pursue a tribesman whom he discovered while watching a home movie...words fail.   

If you're a newbie to Indian cuisine, the fare at India Palace provides a good primer to classic Indian restaurant fare, but for a seasoned veteran, my top choices in town would still be Mt. Everest and Delhi Cuisine.   Kevin Bacon once summed up his career with the quote "I think of myself more as a workhorse actor. It will be hot and cold and up and down, but no one will kick me out of the business"  Pretty much sums up how I feel about this establishment.
