TfabYPasZ1oOMN6JLa-yvw It's a rather sad thing that I don't frequent Indian restaurants. Being ethnically Indian, I should be galloping to the nearest Indian place to gorge on the curries and breads but I never do. The first reason is that for the most part, the Indian buffets or restaurants leave me with a very uneasy stomach. The second reason is that a lot of Indian restaurants leave something to be desired in the hygiene department. 

I'm happy to say that India Palace has somewhat alleviated my prejudices against Indian restaurants (esp the ones in Las Vegas). We went on a Sunday afternoon. They serve a lunch buffet (12/13 bucks) every day. The restaurant was packed! And it was quite well decorated...muted romantic colors, nice lighting...wow..a refreshing change from the usual Indian buffet experience. 

One of my friends' went for the buffet which had about 10 dishes and a multitude of salads, yogurt dipping sauces and deserts. My husband has partaken in the buffet before and both of them had only good things to say about the buffet. 

As I was feeling not too hungry, I decided to have something from their dosa menu. I ordered an onion and chili oothapam (thick pancake made from fermented idli/dosa batter. The batter needs to have a distinct sour taste and it is topped generously with onion/veggies or whatever you fancy). This was served with a Sambar and coconut chutney. The oothapam itself was pretty good and the Sambar although definitely not authentic traditional South Indian sambar, certainly tasted good. My friend had a paper dosa which was crisp and tasty and my husband had the mysore masala dosa (dosa stuffed with a spicy potato masala with some spicy chutney in it). 

I was pretty stoked to eat South Indian dosas in Vegas and have it taste good and be seated in a relatively nice establishment. 

The service was a bit crazy..they had about 5 waiters/waitresses and no one was wearing any sort of uniform. All the wait staff were Indian and so were the customers...imagine my confusion and uncertainty when calling for service. 

My husband also had the chai and said it was really good. He didn't leave any for me to try so I'd have to take his word for it. I ordered coffee...although not the traditional filter coffee served in South India, the combination of the coffee and dosa made for a very satisfying lunch. 

I'd definitely go back for their dosa offerings.
