TfabYPasZ1oOMN6JLa-yvw This a detailed and direct to the point review about the place 

Service are really bad and people are not friendly. It seems that if you are not Indian then you are not welcomed there .

Place smell strong , I must say I unpleasant smell . I think they need to turn on there extracting system or replace it. .

I must I have been in many Indian Resturant in my life 

In the following countries 

1- United Kingdom where the Indian food popular as the Mexican food here in the date 
2- Germany where I come from .
3- Arab countries .
5- Spain
6- Belgium only once 

Never ever paid for their rice that come with the stew .
Actually most of the food is served with rice . If you would like to order extra rice then you must pay that extra .

The same with bread if it order Tindory ( Indian barbecue version)

Those guys ripped me off with both .

Now let us talk about food 
Although all what I mentioned about my negative experience the food was good. I would give them honestly for the food only 3 and half star. 

But sadly the whole night was destroyed by this in ethical and very cheap way of running business   . I don't think that everyone Indian place is like that at all. And I will keep going to the honest one . 

I will also adjust a picture from the recipe to support my review .

And one of the waiter was nice Out of 4 

Hope that my review will be helpful .

En español 
No es buena experiencia para nada , el lugar Huelva feo feo y tratan la venta muy mal . Mejor aprender indo antes de irte. Se tratan a los de ellos en otra maniera 

Italiano
Non andate questo posto. Non é limpido e anche trattano la gente come se erano insetti.  Veramente schifo .

Io sono esatto en mezzo mondo è mai sono trovato una esperienza così pessima .

Auf deutsch 

Bitte vergessen Sie einfach dieses sogenannte Resturant. Stinkt wie Pest .
Die Leute sind arrogant und sehr ungebildet .
Billige Geld Schweinerei und unehrliche Quittung .

Lieber in Casino Rio wo die Kontrolle unsere Deutsch Standard entspricht .

Português.  

Você não vá a acreditar que cheiro feio vá a encontrar neste restaurante 
Não recomendo a ninguém ir ali .
   .     .    .
