2GryItAj3e0uOQ5m42-wDg The staff at Mayuri Palace are very friendly here and they always efficiently meet our needs. Many of the staff were here when it was open under a different name so we were happy they remained with the new owners. I come here with just my daughter often and have also been with a group and we have always been well taken care of. 

The place is always clean throughout. The dining room, restrooms and the kitchen, which you can see into from the dining area. I appreciate that the a/c is nice and cool in the summer to keep everyone comfortable. 

The décor is simple, money has not been wasted here. There is Indian music playing in the background, which adds nicely to the ambience. I like that I'm not overwhelmed with TV's hanging from the ceiling blaring distracting videos while I'm trying to eat. 

Since the new owners took over this restaurant the food went from okay to amazing! It has a touch more spice to it than before and there are several new items on the menu, of which my favorite is the Mayuri Special Veg Thali. If I eat here for dinner I order this because it comes with several different items to enjoy: sambar, rasam, 3 South Indian curries, 2 North Indian curries, rice, pickle, pappadum, yoghurt dessert and bread. The pickle stuff is a little too sour for my taste buds, but I love everything else.  My daughter's favorite dish here is the Paneer Butter Masala... and I agree that it is extremely delicious.

Last night we ordered appetizers that we had not previously tried and I would definitely recommend them. My husband and friends loved the Chicken 65, which is boneless chicken cubes marinated in South Indian style spices and deep fried. There were fresh sliced jalapeno peppers throughout adding to the spiciness of this dish. My daughter and I (vegetarians) had the Chilli Paneer appetizer, which is pan fried spicy indian cottage cheese cubes. I promise, it's much better than it sounds! There are perfectly cooked, delicious chunks of onions and bell peppers marinated in sauce mixed in with the fried cheese cubes. And what's not to love about friend cheese?

I still prefer to eat here for the lunch buffet because I enjoy tasting ALL the vegan and vegetarian dishes. They have a great assortment of items out at any given time, both vegan and non-vegatarian. It's perfectly fine with me that they now charge what the other 2 Indian restaurants a block away are charging for their lunch buffet because it's about all about quality. You can't have the best quality food at prices that don't pay to keep the doors open. I am happy to pay a couple dollars more for great food. 

I am not a desert eater and Indian deserts are no exception. I have tasted several at numerous Indian restaurants and I just don't care for them; they're too sweet, greasy and very heavy. I'm more of a fresh-piece-off-fruit-girl if ever I have a need for something sweet, but that's my personal preference. 

We travel 25 miles each way to eat here for dinner and whenever we're in the area during lunch we stop in for the amazing buffet. I definitely recommend giving this place a try.
