TfabYPasZ1oOMN6JLa-yvw We were lead to this place by the reviews, and we were also looking to try some authentic Indian food that didn't break the bank. Thankfully we found this place. 

To be honest we almost didn't dine here because it is located in a not really ideal place. It put my hubby on guard for a few moments (I guess his former military training was kicking in a bit) but he relaxed after more patrons arrived. It must be a popular place because not long after we arrived the restaurant filled up really quickly. Looks like they get a lot of take out too because people were just in and out of the restaurant. 

When sat down I told our server that it was our first time having Indian food. To which he replied "oh you're gonna love it" , love it we did.

My hubby, my friend Gary, and I all ordered the same thing which was the mixed curry dinner special. It gave us opportunity to have a sampling for different things. The special came with regular or garlic nan bread (we got garlic nan) basmati rice, lentil or chicken soup, chicken masala, shrimp masala, lamb Segway's, and mango custard to finish.  Thinking about it now, it's amazing how I was able to finish most of the food because it was a lot. For that much food at $26, that's a really great deal.

We were given some crispy bread to start with three different times of sauces-a chili sauce which had a lot of heat to it, a mint and yogurt chutney to cool you down from the chili sauce (my husband and I loved this one), and a sweet and sour tamarind sauce- which had just enough tamarind to balance out the sweetness of the sauce. We also added these to our entrees just to try different flavor profiles.

The soup came first. I had the lentil soup and it was amazing! All the flavors in it, oh man, I wish I had the recipe. Just a side note, I usually don't eat lentils but I will go back for the lentil soup. Hubby had the chicken soup and it reminded me of a Filipino soup my grandma used to make but with a lot more herbs and it had a freshness to it like cilantro perhaps? They brought out the garlic nan with our meal and man was our table crowded after that. Galic nan with the masala sauce, OMG heaven! You can order the Masala to the spice level that you want, but because I've never had masala, I ordered mild and asked if I could have extra for the spice that they put so I can adjust it as needed. They were nice to accommodate. The extra spice was a powder they put in a small sauce plate and the first thing I did was taste about a 1/4 spoonful of it. Wrong move, the heat from that extra spice hit fast, so learning my lesson I just put a pinch at a time in the masala until I got it to the desired spice level.

The dinner came with a mango custard. I had to try it before I finished eating my meal because I was afraid I wouldn't have enough room in my tummy. The custard was smooth and creamy, it had a bit of tapioca and I think it was coconut. Here I was feeling full and then I order a mango lassi. I was expecting a smoothie type drink but this was so smooth and thick I really couldn't finish it the it was so delicious. Everything was delicious! They asked if we wanted to take the leftovers (which wasn't a lot-couple slices of the garlic nan, the masala sauce) but told them we couldn't because we had to catch a flight in a several hours. And they were understanding.

Never once did we have to ask for our waters filled. Someone was always checking on us. Great food, great service. What more could you ask for. 

If we ever find ourselves back in Vegas we will stop by again maybe during lunch for their buffet.
