TfabYPasZ1oOMN6JLa-yvw First off this review is for the so-called 'Customer Service' here, so let me begin. 

My friend and I had been waiting all week to finally come to this spot to try Indian for the first time.  I had read all the great reviews about the Chicken Tikka Masala and how good the garlic naan was so we were pretty excited about it.

As we entered we weren't really greeted politely, we were kind of looked at like we were lost.  I asked the waiter if we could have a table for 2, so he pointed and said booth 3, so we walked to the nearest empty booth he was possibly referring to.  We sat for about a couple minutes till the same waiter came over and said "you're here for the buffet right?" We looked at each other confused because it was our first time there so I asked him if we were able to order from the menu, he looked annoyed and went over and grabbed a couple menus and brought them over.

My friend and I were already set on ordering ourselves the Chicken Tikka Masala because of the great reviews and the garlic naan as well. We waited a few more minutes then a different waiter approached us and asked us if we were here for the buffet.  I politely said no we are first timers and not too sure what was being served at the buffet.  He then described all the choices, I asked if the chicken tikka masala was available and he had said no, I also had asked if the garlic naan would be available at the buffet and he said no they would have to make it in the back and bring it out.  He was really trying to push us to eat at the buffet but we were really set on trying the dish we wanted.  So he took our order of 2 Chicken Tikka Masalas and the Garlic Naan.

I then asked about the free Mango Lassi you receive if you check in on yelp.  My friend and I both showed our check-ins, then he says that only one person per table with a coupon gets a free Mango Lassi (which was NOT stated on the coupon or app that it only applies for 1 person. SO if you're going with a friend or friends, be prepared that only ONE of you will get a free Mango Lassi if you check in here)

During the time while waiting for our order no one approaches us and let's us know our food will be ready soon, or to re-fill our water cups or to check in on us at all.  

Finally our food comes out and it's a pretty small bowl of the Chicken Tikka Masala, a few small pieces of boneless chicken submerged in like 5 ounces of their sauce and spices, but it smells delicious, then a basket of the naan which really wasn't much since we both shared two pieces each, and a bowl of rice to share between the both of us. (I thought per order of a dish you get your own rice, but I thought wrong.)

Food definitely 5 Stars.  Being a first timer I was satisfied, but for the price of 2 bowls of chicken tikka masala, sharing a bowl of rice and an order of garlic naan (which came out to be a little over $20 each) I'm disappointed.  Not too sure if he had charged us the dinner price and gave us a lunch size meal. 

All in all my friend and I both enjoyed the Flavors of Indian food for the first time, but will probably NEVER come back here again.
