tnd0GWjSEntWbG6wpLu61g I had read some of the reviews on here prior to checking out Cuisine of India and almost decided against going there due to some of the negative ones.  I choose to give it a shot and take my girlfriend there anyway...  I lived next to the Taj Mahal in Columbus which was a five star Indian restaurant renown throughout the city.   The owner and I were very good friends and he often gifted me with various dishes.  Pretty soon, I had eaten every kind of Indian cuisine imaginable.  With that being said, prior to entering Cuisine of India, the majority of all Indian food I have ever had was from the five star Taj Mahal personally cooked by the owner.  

With this previous experience being considered, I find myself being quite the critic of various Indian restaurants I have tried thereafter.  Upon entering, I was impressed with the cleanliness, interior design, and setting.  It feels somewhat classy without the uptight vibe.  We ordered samosas to start followed by the chicken saagwala, navrattan korma, and peshawari naan.  The water was served from ice cold pitchers into very nice glasses on the table.  The waitress was curious with a great sense of humor.  They started us out with a complimentary basket of "pita chips".  I've never had pita chips like they make them at Cuisine of India- We really enjoyed them!  Every dish was on-point and taste was a 9/10.  

If I can offer any constructive criticism to the restaurant, it would consist of the following:  Lose the big screen TV from your main seating area playing the "top 10" Indian music station, it's unnecessary and a distraction from the otherwise great setting.   Besides that small shortcoming, this place is phenomenal and I would recommend them to anyone looking for authentic, great tasting Indian cuisine.

Please check out my Vape Shop located at 7430-1 York. Rd for all of your vaping needs!!   Also please be sure to review and check out our yelp page at http://www.yelp.com/biz/inspire-vapor-supply-parma-2.
