tnd0GWjSEntWbG6wpLu61g Our second visit at the restaurant and this time the service was even worse and beyond repair. It is a shame that this restaurant CANNOT find good help because the food is pretty good. The servers are beyond horrible. 

We came in as a group of 7. We got menus and AELZEA(sp?) asked for our order and we told her we want some samosas. And she couldn't comprehend how many we needed since we had two different people asking her for them, so I had to spell it out for her "we need two orders of samosas." 

Then she took our food order and wasn't friendly and did not know how to help the first person who gave her order, who had never been here before, what she meant by "level 1-10?" I had to explain she meant how hot do you want your food. After getting our orders she mumbled them back to us and then walked away.

I noticed we hadn't gotten drinks ordered so when she came back I mentioned it and she replied back with some comment that could have been interpreted as rude.

We get our food and she gave A TABLE OF 7 ONE PLATE OF RICE. We immiediately asked for another plate and she brought it out soon after but one or two people barely got any the first round and had to wait, while their food got colder, for more rice.

Flash forward to our paycheck which is by far the worst point of the night. "How are we splitting up the check?" Then when we answered her, she replied "Yeah, I'm going to give you a piece of paper and you can write it on there." I was confused until she brought out one check and a piece of paper half the size of the check to WRITE DOWN HOW TO SPLIT IT UP. 

This is your job sweetie, and I will not do it for you. We ended up having everyone give one person cash and then they put it on a cc.

One of the couples who lives very close to the restaurant, and who was with me the first time said they've come here and Aelzea was their server then and she was just as bad.

I WILL NEVER EVER EAT HERE AGAIN. IF I DO, I WILL ORDER OUT BECAUSE AELZEA, & ALL THE OTHER SERVERS ARE HORRIBLE.
