2t-a8qkgoRiiohThDVjfNw I am not familiar with Indian cuisine except one time I tried chicken roti and so I thought I would try this place out on my lunch. After reading the reviews here about their lunch buffet I stopped by the place at 12:30pm with a couple of friends. We were seated by a waiter and handed the menu. Of course this menu was not for lunch buffet so we asked about the buffet. The waiter said " yes, we have lunch buffet".  He brought out 3 glasses of water and then disappeared.  A another waitress was sent out to serve us. I asked for the menu she said we have no printed menu. Ok. So five minutes after that we were given a plate of chickpeas salad and  3 small bowls of soup. We had no idea what kind of soup that was. It was slimey, tapioca taste like with faint gingery flavour. Then another dish was 6 pieces of grilled skewed chicken and 6 pieces of fried cauliflower balls presented on a plate with some kind of dipping sauce. They tasted ok, nothing special. I think Greek chicken soulvaki probably has better flavour and less spicy. The main meal was brought out in 5 small copper jugs. Each is like one cup. The waitress said something about butter chicken in one jug , another chicken in soy sauce, curried tofu, red bean sauce,  eggplant and potato curry, basmati rice,  small basket of garlic naans. The combination does not give any distinguished flavours I am not sure if butter chicken is supposed to taste a little sour. The dessert choice is nothing: only ice cream and something like of fried donut in syrup. I had one little donut, my friends each had one small scoop of ice cream.  $ 13.99 for each person + tax. This is what they call " buffet"? It is more like lunch combo, already set and you have no choice and no idea what you are getting when they don't show us the menu.  I don't even know the names of those dishes. They were like food samples to me. I looked around and saw some other customers who came alone, solo  were also having the same thing. So if you have a group of 3 would the portion be a little bigger I assume? But yeah, we felt like we are eating on ration.
 $16 per person.I'd pay more if I get to see the foods but everything was hidden even the menu. You only get to see the name of the dish when you order each individually from the regular menu? I learnt nothing from Indian cuisine today. This entire buffet experience was rather odd. I would not return.
