TqL0ytKAucWdW2mR7EbayA Came here for dinner on a Sunday night, our second time since first eating at Tamarind last April.  Due to a few miscommunications, our second experience was a bit more negative than our first, after which we had initially felt as if we had found our go-to Indian restaurant located very conveniently near us.

We had a reservation for our party of 6, which turned out to be handy, as the small dining room was full throughout most of our meal.  We loved the ambiance of the space in a renovated house, which was a bit noisy with all the tables filled but very homey feeling.  Our group of 3 couples each opted to do the Sunday night special of "Dinner for 2" for $25: 1 appetizer, 2 entrees, and a bread (lamb, seafood, and bread basket excluded).

Chose the Chilly Gobi for the appetizer, expecting a stir-fried dish, as the menu describes this as "sautéed."  It came battered and deep-fried.  I verified with a server that this was the Chilly Gobi, as I thought maybe they had given me the Gobi Manchurian instead, a dish that the menu describes as "battered cauliflower," which I would understand to denote deep-frying.  The server responded that my dish was indeed the Chilly Gobi, and that it was typically deep-fried as all "Manchurian-like" dishes tend to be.  I was disappointed, as I find this assumption to be a disconnect from how the menu describes the preparation.  If one dish is "sautéed" and another is "battered", it does not logically follow to me that both would be deep-fried.  The dish tasted great, but was just not what I wanted--I would have ordered something else had I been aware of this ahead of time.

We ordered the Kadai with okra and the Tikka Masala with paneer for entrees.  The Kadai was a repeat order from our first visit, as I had enjoyed it immensely, but it came out much oilier than I had remembered.  It was still tasty, but after eating about a third of the dish, the rest was just sitting in a pool of sauce that was essentially just oil, rendering it a bit unappetizing.  Our Tikka Masala was tasty and fairly standard, but could have used more spices and depth of flavor, rather than just being very plainly sweet.

Our friends ordered a Saag, an Aloo Gobi, a Vindaloo with chicken, and a Madras Masala Dosa, and seemed to really enjoy them.  In particular, the Saag was raved about, and the Dosa came wonderfully presented as a huge serving, cut into 4 pieces, though we were told it was the "small" portion.

Our table received our 3 orders of naan (2 garlic, 1 onion) combined in one basket but was not informed whether the basket was a single portion or combined for our entire table until we asked for verification.  The naan was very pleasantly fragrant and a great complement to our saucy Tikka Masala.

Our final small miscommunication came with the bill, on which I tried to use a Restaurant.com deal I had purchased: $6 for $15 worth of food.  I was told that I could not combine this coupon with the Sunday Night "Dinner for 2" deal.  I understand that it is often the case that discount offers can be combined, but I had verified this before purchasing the Restaurant.com coupon, and neither the stipulations for said coupon nor the "Dinner for 2" deal on Tamarind's menu stated that either offer couldn't be combined with another.  Such restrictions should be made transparent.

TL;DR the food is decent, but service leaves something to be desired.  We might be back due to its convenient location, but I now feel much more incentive to try All India one block up Craig St.
