TqL0ytKAucWdW2mR7EbayA With our Groupon rapidly approaching expiration, we finally made it in to Tamarind last Sunday to cash it in!  It was a hot evening, but fortunately we found pretty easy parking on Craig Street and didn't have to walk long before we reached the renovated house that is Tamarind.  We both loved the atmosphere immediately - it looks like somebody's home, with a few stained glass windows, staircases behind the kitchen, and tables by sunny windows.

We made a reservation (which you need, for the Groupon), and we were seated immediately.  There were quite a few other patrons dining in - definitely a popular place.  On Sundays they have a deal where for $25, two people can get an appetizers, two entrees, and a side of bread.  If you have the Groupon, you can't take advantage of this deal, but that's okay - you'll just have to come back another time (and trust me, you'll want to come back!)

We started with waters, and I got a mango lassi - Tamarind's version is sweet and refreshing, a perfect complement to the meal.  We skipped appetizers, knowing how full we get at Indian restaurants, and settled on Saag Paneer, Lamb Biryani, and a side of Onion Naan.  We were warned that the lamb biryani was spicy, and assured our server that we could handle it.  The naan came out first - very fresh and crispy.  The flavor was mild, not very onion-y but you could see the little flecks of charred onion dotted throughout the bread.  We both inhaled our first slices, stopping only to put spoonfuls of chutney on our plate for dipping (the green one is VERY potent with mint flavor).

The entrees were presented beautifully - I could not wait to devour them.  The saag paneer looked rich and succulent, with big heaps of cheese surrounded by vibrant spinach.  A small bowl of mild, soupy lentils accompanied the entree, as did plenty of basmati rice.  The lamb biryani arrived in a generous, heaping portion, and the smell of spices filled the table.  A cooling raita was served alongside.

We agreed that the saag paneer was one of the best versions of this classic dish that we've ever had.  It was creamy, luscious, and flavorful.  It was undoubtedly a cut above the rest in terms of quality and freshness.  The biryani was also excellent, though not nearly as spicy as advertised!  We were a little disappointed about that, and joked that if the server is warning us about spice, we expect to be perspiring and reaching for water!  The taste was wonderful, rich with cardamom, and the lamb was tender and flavorful.  All around, it was better than what we've had at most Indian restaurants.  These dishes that we've had dozens of times were raised to a new level by Tamarind.

It's not terribly expensive either, very reasonable prices considering the large portions and lovely atmosphere.  Even though Coriander is down the street from our apartment, we both agreed it would be worth the drive to go to Tamarind next time we have a craving for Indian food!
