tt1ERGD9RSfQIwX2ANyJ1g I think it's unfair to judge the new restaurant and the new concept by the old location.  The food in the new location is fast, fresh, healthy, the portion substantial (I'll eat my leftovers for tomorrow's lunch!)  and most importantly FLAVORFUL!  The chicken was truly grilled to perfection with wonderful spices blackening it a bit, the veggies, even though in a warming dish were crunchy, spiced (not spicy hot though) and cooked just right (chick peas, carrots, broccoli, and cauliflower) and all were fantastic and appropriate.

What a wonderful alternative to Chipotle, burgers, pizza, fast food, and all of the sub chains in the area and certainly a LOT healthier, less expensive and quicker than Ghengis Khan next door.  Yasu's is the only other alternative for a  "good" lunch, everything else is just standard.  

I had been to the old location once, several years ago, and while I LOVE Indian food, and thought there's was pretty good,  the environment was sterile, the food overpriced, and the sit-down experience awkward (say compared to an Indian buffet where you know what to expect or an upscale Scottsdale eatery of which the old location was neither).  

I think this concept makes the flavors of India more accessible to the common man or those intimated by an Indian buffet or a more "Persian" style sit-down place who might otherwise be intimated.

I REALLY encourage anyone wanting something fast, fresh, healthy and a little different to try this place and I hope it stays around giving us PV/Phoenix/Scottsdale folks a VERY nice, affordable, tasty alternative to pizza, burgers and subs.

Only suggestions are:  

1.  The menu board needs descriptions of the flavors to help the intimidated.  What kind of curry is it?  Red, Yellow, etc...  What does Marsala taste like or what is it made of.  What the heck is "Vindaloo" any ways?  Also, why no Tikka?  that should be standard or maybe I missed it.

2.  I like SPICY.  Please, let each of the dishes be "spiced" up to taste, kind of like traditional Thai fair (1 = mild, 3= medium and 5=extremely hot)  

3.  I agree with the one "don't nickel & dime me to death" comment.  At least sell me a "combo" where the bowl comes with Naan bread (who eats Indian food WITHOUT Naan bread?!) or the wrap comes with a Samosa or a drink or an optional side of rice.

4.  Don't forget to put a fork and napkin in my "to go" bag or mention it, just in case I forget like I did today!!!
