TTpgjbrSyxwHHzE5bIF-Rw I'd been to Namaste several times for dinner and once for lunch in the past, but it had been far too long of a lapse from going.  Decided to go for lunch today since I'm still embarked on "Las Vegas Indian Lunch Buffet Tour 2012" and inexplicably had not tried it in long enough to warrant a review.

I was actually very impressed with the times I went to Namaste for dinner.  One of those occasions would have warranted a 5 and the other a 4, so I should be ashamed of myself for not posting a review then and instead hitting them with a 3 for today's lunch buffet, but that's exactly what I'm going to do.

Let me start off by saying service was fantastic, and the gentleman who seated us was very friendly and made sure my iced tea stayed flowing (iced tea was delicious by the way, it was one of those fruit flavored kinds which I'm not certain of, but very tasty nonetheless) and that there was always a plate of hot naan at the table.  The first portion we received of naan was excellent.  Soft, fresh and with a great flavor.  The 2nd plate was a little overcooked and therefore too crispy for my liking, but overall the naan was fine.  

As for the selections on the actual buffet, I was a tad disappointed.  A minor gripe is layout wise the rice was at the end of the line.  I think it works much better at the front so I can keep piling all the various curries and dals over the rice, instead of vice versa which is what I ended up doing.   As for the food itself, I was a big fan of the Saag (hooray for it not being Saag Paneer like I normally find at buffets as I can't handle the cheese).   I also thought the Potato Pakora was delicious and unique to any pakora offerings I've had elsewhere.  The chicken curry was a fine version, and the piece of chicken I ended up with were very tender and flavorful.   The rest of it was fairly average to me.  It could just be a preference thing, but I found most of the other offerings to be very thin in consistency, almost soup like, while I guess I tend to prefer a thicker dal or curry with my rice.   When I'd try to scoop a spoonful of most of these onto my plate, they immediately would go all over the entire plate and mix into everything else.  If you've read my other reviews you know I generally like this when I eat Indian food, but the point is I like to do it MYSELF, to be the master of my own domain so to speak.  

Generally I also just found the offerings limited compared to my favorite lunch buffets Mt Everest and Mint.  I'm a samosa fiend so not having those effects me (and Namaste makes a fine version from what I've had at dinner).   I would have also liked to see more meat offerings (they had 3 chicken dishes, but 2 were prepared in butter or yogurt so they were off limits to my sensitive, annoying tummy).   It's quite possible I caught them on a day with a selection that just didn't suit my needs, but even if that's the case the fact that I've never caught Everest or Mint in that situation speaks volumes to me.
