tV5PcOIFlB12dpcbCy78VA Free flow of garlic naan and mango lassi with the buffet. I rest my case. Seriously though, those two items alone won me over but of all the Indian buffets I've been to, and I've been to a few, they serve up the most variety, catering to both vegetarians and carnivores. Of course, they serve up some pretty awesome desserts (I call them donut holes soaked in syrup, but I'm sure it has a name).

Having been to other buffets which advertise having a free flow of naan, I was a little skeptical when I read this on their website. It's like going to Chompie's on St. Patty's Day and ordering their unlimited corned beef dish - after one dish, your waitress disappears. Let me make this clear, not here. At the India Oven, they are on top of it. Are you out of garlic naan? Never fear, that garlic naan is coming right your way. And you definitely want that second or third round of garlic naan. Never mind the garlic breath, it's so worth it.

At the buffet table, I honestly much prefer the meat dishes. You can easily find large pieces of lamb or chicken in the curry and get more than your fair share of protein. What bugs me (minor as this is) is that the basmati rice is in the middle of the buffet table. I'm a little OCD about my rice being on the bottom of my plate and having it drown in curry so I had to cut a couple people off and backtrack to the start of the buffet table to load up on the curry. Just a little pet peeve but heck, it didn't make my food taste any less amazing. They had tandoori chicken, chicken tikka masala, a chicken curry, and I believe two types of lamb curries which I thoroughly enjoyed. I even fancied the lentils over in the vegetarian section - look at me, eating vegetables and stuff.

Desserts - I've never seen this many desserts at an Indian buffet. At other buffets, you would have 2-3 desserts to choose from but if memory serves, India Oven gives you a choice of 4+ desserts. Of course I had to have them all, never mind the food coma that was about to hit. - there's always room for dessert. Besides, there's some Indian tea to wash it all down. I might explode, but I'll take my chances.
