2t-a8qkgoRiiohThDVjfNw Frustrated with my recent choices for Indian food in a clean and 'upscale' environment, one of my Indian co-workers confided me in that she really liked Avani.  She never mention this in our lunch group before because 'all' Indian thinks this place isn't 100% authentic. She thinks otherwise and loves it when her children 'forces' her to come here.  After coming here twice (once for dinner and once for lunch), I'm joining her in the love for this authentic place.

This restaurant is near the southern part of Heartland shopping and it's quite close to the 401.  So it's quite easy to get here and you're not trekking forever in the suburbs.  The restaurant is a stark contrast to most Indian restaurant.  It has a very modern vibe but with an South Asian twist.  The restaurant is washed in gorgeous shades of gold, russet, red, and chocolate brown.  It's open and well lit with large windows allowing the afternoon sun to filter in.  It's also very clean!  Everywhere from the lobby to the bathroom is quite spotless. 

Service here is approachable and friendly.  They smile and don't act bothered when you ask them questions.  Throughout the dinner and lunch, I never had to ask once for a refill or had moments where I was searching for a staff member.  I actually found some of the staff the best I've ever experienced from an Indian restaurant.  

To my tastebuds, the Indian food is pretty authentic.  I can see how there are some liberties that the chef takes... not all things are 100% true to an Indian grandmother recipe but they're a far cry from food court or jarred curries. I didn't bother with the Thai and Hakka side of the menu since I was enthralled with the Indian dishes.  My favourite appetizer so far include pakora platter (fresh and crispy fried battered goodies... the fish is moist and the vegetables are still crunchy (in a good way) under the batter) and chilli fried calamari (dusted with light coating of flour and spices, it's flash fried.  It's soft, tasty, fresh, and with the perfect crunchy coating).  They really know how to deep fry without making things heavy or oily.

I love all the mains I've ordered as well.  Tandoori chicken and kebab platter shows off great marinades on succulent charbroiled meats.  The chicken is moist and the spices yogurt provides a great flavour that is enhanced by the nicely charred bits.  Normally I don't like lamb but the lamb kabob changes my mind.  It's not gamey or tough.  Sure it tastes like lamb but it's soft and easy to bite through without a knife.  Chicken palak is creamy and loaded with flavourful garam masala, garlic, and onion.  I could scoop this all day with the great naan they give you.  Speaking of the naan, it comes blistering hot with a soft pillowy interior and buttery mildly charred exterior. Though it's not as large as the naan I had at The Host, it easily rivals them for flavour.  

This restaurant is priced higher than most Indian restaurants I've been to but the service, consistent great quality, and atmosphere makes me believe that it's worth the extra dollars.  The menu is fairly large and I've yet to make a dent so I'm definitely coming back to try more.
