tV5PcOIFlB12dpcbCy78VA This was a huge disappointment and because of the owner's arguing with us, we will not go back.
Our first visit to this place was exceptional.  The food was awesome, the service was awesome, we said that we would definitely go back.
Fast forward to March 19th, 2015.  We were on that end of Mesa and decided to go back.  Mouth watering and stomachs empty we went in.  The smells were palatable.  Curry and spices filled the air, our mouths started watering and our stomachs started to growl.  We sat down and ordered the buffet.  It's not a large buffet but the food, the last time, was beyond good.  We went to the buffet with great anticipation.  As we looked over the selections we noticed one thing, they had sprinkled cilantro over everything, not just a little, a lot..  To most not a big deal. However my wife detests cilantro much in the same why I detest cheesecake (I know I'm weird).  To her and a portion of the country, cilantro tastes like soap (google it if you don't believe).  When we reached our table, the tandoori chicken and naan was waiting for us.  The first thing we noticed was the naan bread was covered in cilantro.  After picking through the dishes on the buffet my wife had selected a small portion of a couple of the dishes but if you have ever used cilantro you know the taste can be overwhelming and it was.  She said don't worry about it.  When one of the waiters came over, the guy that wears the turbine, I asked if we could have some of the naan without the cilantro.  I also asked if it would be possible to get a portion of the tiki masala without all of the cilantro.  He said I could but I would have to order off of the regular menu.  I knew it was a long shot but I thought I would take a chance  Anyway, he rolled his eyes and walked away.  At that point we were not even sure if we were going to get the bread.  After a few moments he came back, basically threw the plate on the table and put four pieces of burnt naan on it.  We both said "thank you so much".  He just walked away.  Later he came back and asked if I wanted more water.  I said yes.  He picked the glass up, filled it and then slammed it back down on the table.  Later the lady that is always there walked by and asked if everything was ok.  I just shrugged and said it was ok.  She asked if there was a problem.  I explained to her that the last time we were there they did not have cilantro all over everything.  She then began to tell me I was wrong and that they always had done that.  She also told me that they used ground cilantro in everything.  At that point my wife said. "That's it were done."  The lady was standing in her way by the booth.  My wife said excuse me we are leaving.  I went up to pay the bill and the lady said that they used cilantro in everything.  I told her that I didn't think she understood what I was saying.  I said that the last time we were here the food was awesome and that they, in fact, did not have everything coated in cilantro.  Again she said I was wrong, which I am not and she tried to make excuses.  It's one thing to try to explain something to a customer, it's another to argue with them and constantly tell them they are wrong.  It could have been handled so much better.  Anyway, not going back.
