2t-a8qkgoRiiohThDVjfNw I came here for dinner on a weekday evening with a big group and was completely blown away. The location leaves a lot to be desired, as Avani is located in a strip mall with a Booster juice and some other random restaurants and across a sort of retail jungle of an intersection(Wal-mart, H&M and Krispy Kremes to name a few). 

The interior at Avani is not at all what you'd expect with the intersection in mind, as the decor is classy and understated. It seems perfect for fine dining, a business lunch or a romantic date.

Half of our group was vegetarian, so I wasn't expecting much considering it was Northern cuisine, generally known for delicious chicken. I was, however, extremely surprised with the dishes.
Some of my favourites: 

Vegetarian Mixed Grill ($24) - Fireworks... Malai (Creme) Kabab, Tandoori Aloo and Paneer and Mushrooms. The chutney is an insane blend of cranberry sauce and fiery tamarind and the paneer and mushroom tikkas are soft, spicy and crispy. 

Malai Kofta ($13) - This one is so rich it might even beat out The Host's version. It's even creamier and spicier if possible. The koftas are stuffed with a ground almond paste. 

Dal Makhani ($11) - The dal is creamy and a bit more mild, though nothing on our table was even that spicy. (Obviously, the spice levels are toned down to suit the Mughlai style. If you're into very spicy food I'd either let the server know or try somewhere else).

Shahi Paneer ($12) - After the Malai Kofta won me over the Shahi Paneer was a close second, but there's only so much paneer I can have in one sitting. 

Bhindi Do Pyaz ($13) - Though okra is quite easy to make, it's the spices that set this one apart. I'd pay for the recipe. Maybe a cookbook is in order for Avani. 

We also ordered a random assortment of naans and I recommend the pudina parantha. It's so flavourful that it even works on its own. 

The service was amazing and seamless. Our server was extremely knowledgeable, unpretentious and courteous. Our dishes, served on cute warming stands came out promptly. The next time someone asks me for a good Indian restaurant in the west end, I'll be sure to point them here.
