tV5PcOIFlB12dpcbCy78VA I have been to India Oven many times.  But before I used to also go to Kohinoor Indian Cuisine in Tempe, because they ran Groupons that were 50% off.  I could eat at Kohinoor for as little as $5 for lunch, but had has conditions such as you have to order one separate food item such as dessert or drink, in addition to your buffet.   But at some time in the last 2 years, Kohinoor eliminated any other meat, other than chicken, even at their dinner buffet. No lamb, goat or beef, just chicken. Their buffet does not include drink. Kohinoor's Indian beer for $10 for 22 oz costs $2 more than India oven $8 for same bottle. Now (Aug 2017) their Groupon is asking you to pay more than you used to pay, for less discount. So now you only get about 33% discount, pay $16 for $24 value for two, when before you got 50%, but the requirement to buy one food item has always been the same. Also, the lady answering the Kohinoor phone, can be very rude, sometimes.

Now I go to India Oven because for the same price for dinner $11.95, IO has both goat AND lamb dishes, as well as chicken, in their dinner buffet. AND India Oven has free chai and mango lassi which can cost $2.50 - $4 for one glass at other Indian restaurants. The goat at India Oven is soooooo good! But other than IO has red meats, and Kohinoor only chicken in their buffets, to me, their other selections are very similar in taste.

I have hosted MeetUp groups of 20 people here at India Oven for dinner buffet, and last night, 4 of us went for a friend's birthday.  Service was always very good and attentive.  Seems like one man's job was just to fill water glasses.  

I love the chicken tika gravy, sooooo delicious, I mash their cauliflower into the tika gravy.  The goat stew is soooooo good, goat fall-off-the-bone.  The lamb cubes were hard and tough, so I stuck with the goat.  

Mango lassi is soooo good, too.  Naan delicious and thin and crispy.  However one change I do not like.  A few years ago when you ordered only the dinner buffet, IO brought out freshly grilled Tandoori chicken to each table, with grilled onions.  You could smell the charbroil aroma.  NOW, the Tandoori chicken is at the buffet in a bin, and it is dried out.  No thanks, no more chicken for me.  I will stick with the goat.  Food is not spicy, to meeeeee.......

I've never ordered off the menu, because the buffet is such terrific value.
