U3Ah385YhvlraXsKcEeZ4g VERY disappointed, having recently visited the Butler's Pantry on Roncesvalles.

We actually were giving it a second second chance, as last fall a group of us stopped in for brunch (which was just okay, nothing great) at the same location on a Sunday and found out on the following Tuesday that the credit card we had used to pay for our brunch had been compromised.  This definitely left an unsettling feeling with us, but having had only good experiences from the Queen Street location before it closed down, we thought we would give the Roncesvalles a second try.

This time we were sure to pay in cash, however, it didn't make any difference in our impression.  We were forced to sit in the back this time, which is dark, hot and felt quite dirty.  That area could definitely use a facelift.  As well, the service was extremely slow, the place didn't have many people and it still took a considerable amount of time to get our food, and when we did, we were quite disappointed.

What is sad about the samosas and crab cakes, is that we could have bought better tasting ones from President's Choice or No Frills.  The samosas were bland and the crab cakes (which were definitely not the same as we had previously), were store bought patties and soggy.  The pieces of lettuce used as garnishing that both entrees came on hardly helped with the presentation and made it look cheap.

The Governor sandwich was quite soggy and the bacon in the Cricket Club was undercooked and fatty, and the chicken in it was the same type of chicken I've seen at Walmart (package for $5) for sandwiches, as I recognized the consistency and shape of it.  

What has happened at that location?    Is the other one similar?  We used to be regulars at the Queen Street location, where it was always busy, but the food came fast, it was a great atmosphere to be in and the food was always good.  Unfortunately, until the menu or restaurant itself is updated or gets a facelift, we will not give it a third chance.
