UDk7qUVIetK3Y3NuARguqg I have grown up eating Indian food and suitably capable for identifying the best Indian eateries in GTA. For me, Banjara is right up there among the best Indian food places which deliver as well. 

I prodded five of my now brown friends from Montreal to go to this restaurant. For folks who haven't been to this place before, the layout of the restaurant is kinda clumsy. When you enter, you don't see a receptionist to ask for tables. Instead you see a bar counter with hordes of servers scurrying around. You go and ask them to be seated. 

I was asked to order the food (wondering if it had anything to do with my ethnicity ;). We ordered two butter chicken, chicken korma, daal makhani, tandoori platter and naan. To my pleasant surprise the server asked me about the level of spiciness that I wanted. Mild was the flavor of the table, hence that's what I asked for. 

15 minutes later the food arrived. Food didn't look that presentable, only because of the low lighting which the restaurant has. But the food was A-awesome for everyone. Here is the individual review:

1. Butter Chicken: One of the best, if not the best I have had in Toronto. Creamy & buttery with big juicy pieces of chicken. The quantity was sufficient for three people (yes, we are light eaters). 

2. Chicken Korma: Very rich and heavy with equally big chunks of chicken. I wonder how they can afford to keep the prices at $10.99 for that much chicken! Nonetheless, the dish was just perfect for my white friends, who couldn't be bothered to eat spicy food at all! 

3 Tandoori Platter: Mix of Tandoori Chicken, Seekh Kebab, Chicken Tikka, Tandoori Prawn & Fish. All of the individual items were savory and seasoned with tasty spices. They all tasted very good and we all were practically fighting for the last few pieces of the Chicken Tikka. 

4. Daal Makhani: Rich and creamy is just how they like to cook their food! A similar story as the top two dishes and equally tasty. 

5. Naan: The only place I have eaten in Toronto where the Naan in round in shape similar to a Roti. It arrived fresh and tasted as if they just came out of the tandoor. They were very soft and was a perfect accompaniment to our dishes. 

Yes, we had a chicken overload and would probably need to spend extra hours at the gym the next day, but it was all worth it! Definitely recommended!!
