UDk7qUVIetK3Y3NuARguqg The quality of the food dropped significantly as their popularity increased. I ordered from them their very first month in business, which was something like 2006 and was pretty regular for many years, but have no desire to eat there anymore.

Banjara became popular when the area started picking up around 2008. The front patio was a big draw and had a nice atmosphere on a summer's night, so they got a lot of sit down business.

Around the same time the quality of the food started to slide but the prices remained high for the area and the portions small. I began to feel ill after eating there. I only eat vegan but wonder if ghee made it into my food, even though I always specified. 

A quick glance at their DineSafe history shows two yellow cards in 2013 where pest control, failure to wash hands, failure to wear hair nets among other things cited. Not exactly reassuring.

On top of that, they have had this broken down old truck sitting in the parking lot for at least 6 years and it has never moved, tires are flat. It's an eyesore and takes up parking spaces, so why keep it there? Maybe it's a load-bearing truck that keeps the sign from falling down?

They also added some shipping containers by the back side door off the kitchen where you can see people doing food prep sometimes when the door is open. Yup, food is being prepped inside of shipping containers.

Then they screened in the patio, which made it lose all that nice summery appeal and instead felt like you were eating your grandparent's musty screened in porch.

I now go to South Indian Dosa Mahal for my Indian fix. Sure, it's not the same type of cuisine and the place has no atmosphere to speak of, but the food is prepared fresh when you order off menu, it's completely veg and the price is right.

I recommend giving Banjara's filtered reviews a read through as well for a full picture.

*For locals interested in area history, if you walk around the back of Banjara you can still see the "Coffee Tip" sign from when it was a sketchy Coffee Time rip off circa 2000.

Update: The orange Banjara truck appears to have been repainted by graffiti "artists" and is now by the back kitchen door and the shipping containers are now in the parking lot.
