UDk7qUVIetK3Y3NuARguqg Was there last week to check it out. Some Yelpers of good repute gave it some good reviews and I need an Indian fix STAT! So we dropped by to check this out. 

HINT: Locale is not big on reservations on a busy evening --which is to say almost most of them, so call in and say that "you are on your way and will be there in 20min.!" They might take your name and your party's number and hey, when you get there you just saved yourself a 20min. wait. Voila!

The locale is kinda of tacky-looking but in a good way. Also, if you are going to have a serious dinner here at night, do yourself a favour and don't wear natural fabrics, otherwise they will reek to Indian food for a day or so... Just like when you to go Tikka! :-P

Now, to the food... it's alright and somewhat tasty. Definitely worth exploring if you live in the area and don't want to travel far, but far from succulent or orgasmic, like I was led to hope and believe. Service was attentive but for example, the chicken tandoori in my mix meat platter, was as dry as a Scotman's whiskey bottle. Come on Banjara, the place was literally PACKED, so you had to be making tons of this stuff. It's inexcusable to mess up such a simple and highly ordered dish.

Our Pulao rice was a bit on the dry side too(?!). So, our meal was as such that we were forced, mid-meal to order a butter chicken if just to use the sauce to mix in with the dry stuff. That's seriously not cool. 

The Daal With Spinach was alright, although again, it feel a bit too dry, as if it had been made a while ago and just reheated, you can tell by how dishes like this begin to crust as they cool. It wasn't bad, but I have had better. 

Honestly, I give this place 2 stars for the food and 1 extra star just for the place. It was a bit fun --mind you I was on a fun date. It was cool to see it packed like that, and the servers were attentive, but at $50 for two people, with no alcohol included, I definitely have had better at this level/price point. A pity. I probably won't be back.
