UDk7qUVIetK3Y3NuARguqg Wow, this place was such a disappointment. 

I was all prepared to love Banjara considering the rave reviews on Yelp, but it didn't meet my high expectations, and Yelpers tend to spot the strengths. 

The restaurant has a kitschy Bombay Palace- circa 1990 style. Not a great look considering this place was purchased from a coffee shop not that long ago. 

I don't claim to be a food connoisseur, but Indian food I know really well actually, having grown up with it, and having been to the best of the best of Indian restaurants in India and Toronto. Banjara, first of all, is not run by Indian chefs. Now I don't really care who makes my food, but Indian food is a highly creative cuisine, and the variety, freshness, and assembly of ingredients is almost wholly based on the origin of the chefs. He or she can make or break the best managed restaurants through their cultural lean; 
-Northern Punjabi/Mughlai food tends to be creamy, nutty, with saffron, turmeric, cumin, etc. made with ghee and meats are marinated with yoghurt. 
-Western is sweeter, and tends to use less onions, garlic.
-Southern is typically spicy, peppery and is generally oil and water-based, and never creamy nor sweetened.

The chefs are Sri Lankan and you can taste it in the food. The spices are southern and lacking in that creamy, nutty, yoghurt based texture seasoned palates come to expect from Mughlai cuisine. Further, the food here isn't fresh. The watery residue from reheating a meal was more than obvious from my Chicken Tikka Masala. Again, if it were fresh, it wouldn't be watery. I noticed mango lassi being prepared right at the bar area from a mango puree can. If you aren't going to make a lassi from scratch, which sadly is extremely easy and inexpensive to do, at least be discrete about it. I also spotted a huge can of Ketchup and MDH grocery store masala on a shelf in the kitchen from my seat. 

Any semi-decent Indian chef will tell you that you should *always* be making your dishes from freshly ground spices. 

+1 star for attentive staff. 

There are some far better options for quality, authentic North Indian food downtown.
