uGxZdLLgMQDvFSqiXyCg_w Tried the lunch buffet (takeout). Cheaper than other Indian places in the area but due to the small location size less variety of food as well (half the buffet table is salad bar/dessert/sauces), so it evens out. Nice touch: they weigh the buffet takeout, so you don't have to pay the full price if you don't load up.

Naan: just ok, but I did get takeout so it might've suffered a bit in transit. Naan is best fresh and hot.

veggie korma: very good, nicely spicy, good flavor, vegetables were good quality.

pekora: nicely crunchy even after sitting in a styrofoam box for a few minutes, little salty.

palak chana: good, nicely spicy and flavorful, right thickness of sauce

kidney bean chickpea thing I forget the name of: kind of bland, I usually expect more fire in this dish.

tandoori chicken: not great, surprisingly. It was dry and surprisingly hot (spice wise) while being less flavorful than I'm used to. Maybe it'd just been sitting around for awhile (its hard to make dark meat dry!)

lemon rice: yellow rice with fried peanuts in it. I liked the peanuts, gave it a nice crunch, but didn't really taste anything else flavor wise; could've just been plain old basmati rice.

chicken curry: ok, this is why this place dropped a full star. The chicken curry is bone in, which would be fine if it were whole bone, but the bone is cleaver-chopped, which leaves tiny shards of barely-detectable bone EVERYWHERE. Seriously I was picking through this thing like I was dissecting in a lab to make sure I didn't kill myself with every bite. I don't even remember how it tasted. I realize this is 'authentic' but so is using a cow-dung oven to make naan and I'm betting they don't do that. Debone your chicken curry, you're gonna get sued.

The interior decor is really quite nice (a huge change from when it was Wonderdogs, you won't recognize the place), the music wasn't too loud, there was a refreshing lack of tv blaring in the corner, the proprietors are very nice and conscientious, and things were moving along well in such a tight space (you're not going to like it at lunch rush if you're claustrophobic/have a phobia of strange people bumping up against/brushing by you). The vegetarian dishes are better than the meat dishes, and I didn't try everything available on the lunch buffet (two or three more items, a lentil soup, desserts (mango custard sounds really good but I didn't want to mingle flavors).

Feels like the vegetarian dishes were better than the meat-based ones, and there is plenty of vegetarian on offer. Wish they'd add samosas to the buffet. Overall I'd recommend it if you want Indian buffet but don't want/don't have time to leave campus, just avoid the chicken curry, especially if you're feeding kids or something.
