upV1mQ5v0wcKUuA2AY85WQ Lousy experience at this place.  Coming in with a bad review here.  Went for dinner with wife, place was empty, should have been a warning sign.  Ordered food and were initially a little surprised by the small portion to price ratio.  

While eating our mains, it came up in chit chat with the owner/server that we lived in Mississauga.  Shortly thereafter, he suddenly appeared at our table with a big smile, said "more garlic naan for you!", dropped off additional naan, and was gone in a flash.  We just looked at each other a little surprised, and figured maybe it was something he did for first time customers, or as a way to make up for the smaller portions.  Whatever.  Anyway, as you can imagine, this extra *unrequested* naan magically found its way to our bill.  I do realize I could have asked if we would be expected to pay in the moment - but as a general rule, charging for unrequested food is tacky and lame.  I think anyone who has ever been to a restaurant knows this, and it should be more than obvious to someone actually in the business. 

My thinking is that he figured since we were out-of-towners, we may not be back in Newmarket so he decided to try and sneak in a couple extra bucks for himself while he could.  Fact is, we were there every week for 8 months and explored all kinds of way better local places like the Buttery and Ground Burger (excellent place!)  just to name a few.  I'd like to say he gave up all our future business over a $4 naan order but the truth is there was no way we were coming back anyway for additional reasons.  

The food was way, way too salty and under spiced. Little meat and lower quality overall despite the price.   I also had a view into the front kitchen area from the back (due to repairs) and could see curries in giant deep plastic buckets in the fridge, being ladled out like slop for pigs and microwaved - was both gross and very questionable from a sanitation perspective.  Not fresh.  One can only imagine how long they sit, especially given how dead the place was.  This explained the lack of freshness in the food though.  I didn't bother fighting him on the naan charge when it came time to pay the bill because I figured if he's resorting to tactics like that in his restaurant, he must clearly need the money more than me. Truth is, we were just eager to get out of there.  This was a while ago actually and it's amazing this place is still in business - would not survive in Mississauga, or any other city that has at least 3 or more Indian restaurants.

To make matters even better, they don't accept cash or credit like 99.999% of other businesses operating today - but of course they don't mention this until after you've already finished eating.  Again ,and I could be wrong here, but I can only assume this is to avoid paying the transaction fees, thereby keeping a few extra precious pennies in the owners pocket at the expense of his customers (I mean, who cares about them right?!?).  Not too worry though, although there is no bank machine in the plaza, the owner is willing to wait for you while you drive to a different plaza after your meal to make the withdrawal and return - what a great guy!!  Can I get a round of applause?  How considerate of him!  Can we create a kickstarter campaign to get a statue made in his honour and placed in the town square??  Hope you didn't have plans immediately after your meal.

In all seriousness, I really don't like being this negative, but the truth is everything about this place sucked.  Everything.  If you live in the great town of Newmarket (or are visiting) you are fortunate that there are many places that are dramatically better than this place.  The recommendation from our experience is to stay away.
