uqPHO-o4stxGXLdxP3WNig We had been to this bistro for a Sunday lunch in February. We were a group of five. It was an impromptu decision for us to try out this new place, and trust me we still repent that. We were driving from the eastern part of Cleveland, so we called up the restaurant that we will be reaching around 2.30pm. They replied that they have buffet and they welcome guests for lunch till 3pm. We reached the restaurant at around 2.20pm. Before we were seated, my husband just peeped on the buffet spread and saw ALL the trays to be almost empty. He inquired with the waiter whether they will be refilling the trays as we were a group of five. The person  confidently replied 'YES, please be seated'. There were around 15-20 customers already having lunch. I would now share the aftermath.

We started with samosa chaat and batora with mix veg. curry. When we went back for the main course the trays were literally empty, with no biriyani (they were serving both chicken & goat biriyani and both were empty) and goat curry with no  meat pieces. We requested for  refill and waited. After sometime they brought a bowl of goat biriyani (which can hardly serve 4-5 people). Since everyone was waiting for the refill, suddenly there was a rush from all the tables and by the time I reached there I just got to scrape some rice from the tray. I myself went to the counter to request for another proper refill. It was around 2.45 pm. After a while they came with dry chicken tikka masala but no rice item. I went to try the tikka masala, they were all half cooked. One of our friends then again requested for some biriyani refill, they asked us to wait. When our waiter came to refill our glasses of water, we told him that we were waiting for the biriyani to be served. He replied, it is already 3 pm, and lunch buffet is closed for the day. We were like, WTF! We hardly had anything. They were like waiting for the clock to strike 3, so that they could say 'Time Up'. For very obvious reasons we were super frustrated, and tried to convey the same to the waiter and he said he would call the manager. The manager came after a while. He said usually they have 100 customers for lunch on Sundays but that day it had exceeded 140 and they were not prepared for that unprecedented rush. He was not sorry precisely, rather he said if we can sit for another 30minutes he would be able to serve us chicken biriyani. It was already 3.20 pm, we neither had mood or appetite left to try out their biriyani anymore. 
They tried to compensate their fault by charging us for 3 instead of 5. That does not justify the way they treat customers.

I would like to ask: WHY on earth they were welcoming guests when they were well over their threshold?? This is like pinnacle of incompetence in handling guests and unprofessionalism. 

I can't talk about how their food taste like because we did not get a chance to try them properly. I had to put 1Star because there were not any provision to put lesser.
