-BrMNg4MbpftOUTjOMVp9g This review will be divided into two 
1) for those new to Indian food (or only tried Indian cuisine,in AZ, at Tandoori times/ Dhaba/ Jewel of the Crown )
2) and for people of indian origin or connoisseurs of Indian food 

1) This is a great place to try the true range of indian food in scottsdale- something that is not the chicken tikka/tandoori/naan that is the cliched norm. Most restaurants here feature food from North india, Mint has chefs from southern india where the food has more of a coconut base, use steaming as a go to cooking method and use a lot of healthy lentils to make the carb part of your meal. There are flavorful options here for committed vegetarians, vegans and gluten free diet followers. My 4 year old has food allergies of gluten, diary and egg. My go to gluten free food for my daughter is Idli (a fluffy, steamed, ground rice cake) but I seldom order it from restaurants because they add gluten to it to keep them longer, but this one is was perfect and they were very accommodating to the requests. Try the different curry options that are not found in other indian restaurants in Scottsdale. They offer wonderful fusion alcoholic beverages that will be exciting for those not used to the kick from spices with your drink! Also if you are a fan of the mule or mojitos this is a great place to try different takes on that.

2) This is some seriously good food!!! I mean they use curry leaves and spices like my grandmother does! There are rare items here like the Porrotta (a very flaky and true kerala/ceylon style) which is pretty tough to make. They have dosa and mutton under the same roof and they do 100% justice to both- no compromises on taste or flavor. Most importantly this place has fantastic variation, very polite staff, superb mojitos (curry or cucumber infused and many other alcoholic fusions that should have a page dedicated to just that) i mean talk about spicy alcoholic drinks!!, My 4 yr old had wonderful fresh idlis, veg biriyani served in an earthen pot, and a wonderful chat with the server all in one meal. we tasted just the chutneys that accompanied my daughters idli and ordered so much food we had to box it! each one better than the next. Now here is the tricky part- we are so used to indian food in Arizona being north indian but for once there is a great south indian style non- vegetarian restaurant, not located in chandler, and serves equally good vegetarian food, dosas and chaat- boon to those of us indians living in scottsdale.

Places like these tend to open and disappear after a while because of lack of advertising or word of mouth. I found this as a quick option on yelp but was shocked once I was there. Why had I not heard about this when I drive by here every day!?

So being a lazy reviewer (and never for food i could cook myself;) - I had to speak up here cause this.was.awesome.
