UV2Jt8slktGu14gLZeNCjA My first impression of the owners' food was not the best, but this visit changed my mind.

I'd tried their Desi Burrito concept last week, but Mint Indian Bistro is what I should've done all along. My co-workers wanted to squeeze it into our lunch hour, so we hurried over for the $12.99 lunch buffet, offered 11am-4pm daily.

My first impression was that the buffet line isn't the biggest, but it still had plenty to offer. Clean plates and bowls are in the back corner near the salad, sauces, and soups. Vegetarian options are next if you follow the line down, and meat dishes (mostly chicken) are nearest to the seating area.

The food was quite impressive overall. Carbs from the Vegetable Fried Rice and the Vegetable Chau Chau, a soft noodle dish that their web site states to be from Tibet. The veggie Pakoda were a nice fried treat that didn't seem too greasy. Goat curry was tender enough and tasty, if a bit annoying to eat with all the bones. Pretty much everything chicken was yummy, but the tandoori chicken is most likely the best, moistest version of it that I've had - and it's at a lunch buffet. Don't forgot to grab the veggies served on that tray either. Finally, don't forget the decadent gulab jamun for dessert. They're kinda like wet/soft, sugary, soaked donuts, and they're served very hot here.

The negatives weren't that much of an issue for me, but I have to mention that the service was very spotty. We were through eating our first plates by the time that they brought out the water, and considering that a couple of dishes are mildly spicy, it would've been nice to have relief earlier. The garlic naan took even longer - even considering that they tasted freshly cooked, you'd think that they'd just keep pumping them out during lunch rush. Even the check took a couple of minutes to arrive after we finally flagged someone down, and we ended up walking to the register to pay.

Also, the naan were the one food that I had a quibble with. Although they were crispy, flaky, and served hot, they were undersalted if eaten alone.

I wish I hadn't had my first meal at Mint Indian Bistro during a rushed lunch hour, but it was still delicious. I'd say it's fine if you have at least 45 minutes, not accounting for drive time. If I catch the Indian food bug, Mint would definitely be on my rotation.
