UV2Jt8slktGu14gLZeNCjA One of the 2nd year pediatrics residents who is Indian recommended Mint to me, so I decided to check it out. I came during lunch, during which food is served buffet style. It's a little pricier than most other Indian lunch buffets I've had ($12.99 here), but I will admit that the quality is quite good.

The interior is very sleek and clean, and the buffet area is kept very tidy. The restaurant has a good number of tables but isn't huge. I was the first diner to enter shortly after the opened at 11AM, but by the time I was finishing my meal around noon, the restaurant was almost completely full.

Since it's buffet style, there isn't a ton of waiter service, but servers would come by to collect my used plates. They give you water carafes so you can refill your water by yourself. You also get a choice of naan when you are seated, and the naan is made-to-order than brought to your table in a basket.

While there were no samosas or kheer during my visit today, I was surprised to see idli and bhel puri, two items that I rarely see at buffets. I especially enjoy bhel puri with all of its crunchy bits. =)

All the other dishes were good too, and there was a decent variety. They even snuck in one Indo-Chinese dish, chilli chicken. Surprisingly, the sweet chicken tikka masala was not that good (the sauce was a little overcooked and some of the yogurt had coagulated, plus the chicken was a bit tough), though the paneer tikka masala which has the same sauce base was much smoother. I was also surprised by the spice level of things that didn't look very spicy and that aren't that spicy when I've had them elsewhere (saag mushroom, daal). On the flip-side, the chicken vindaloo was just moderately spicy; go figure. Nothing was too spicy for me to handle, but some dishes were just packing unexpected heat.

I wouldn't mind coming back to try ordering off the menu. All in all, a solid and very clean Indian restaurant.

P.S. I was a bit alarmed when I saw all the recent one-star reviews on Yelp, but most of them seem to be centered around poor dinner service or takeout orders, and I came for buffet lunch. Food weighs most heavily in my ratings anyway, but make of that what you will. My experience today was not bad at all.
