UV2Jt8slktGu14gLZeNCjA I've been here a number of times for their lunch buffet and I've generally been pleased.  Mint seats about 60-70, though it feels like a smaller place and even though it's been busy I've only had to wait for a table once.  

The buffet doesn't seem to change and has a lot of the standard Indian fare.  It's usually kept well stocked and usually things aren't dried out from having sit out too long.  The chicken tikka masala seems a tad watery, but the chicken quality is top notch.  Chicken chili and tandoori chicken are also favorites, along with the masala rice.  

The service is generally good, mainly because of the smallish size of the place and the fact they seem to have 5 servers running around almost constantly.  That said, there have been a few times I've needed to flag someone down to get more water or the check, though it's not much of a hassle and considering it's a buffet I can't really expect them to fully know when to bring the check.  

The one real hitch in the buffet service is the delivery of naan.  As soon as you come in the servers generally ask you what type of naan you want (plain, buttered, garlic, maybe some other types?).  A couple of times I have not been asked and had to bring it up myself.  Regardless, I've usually sat down, gone to the buffet, gotten a plate of food, eaten that entire plate of food, and gone up for a second plate before the naan is delivered.  Sometimes I've had the wrong naan delivered as well, though in that case they gave me some plain naan and then later brought the correct garlic naan later with no extra charge.  

The buffet is $10.99 pre-tax, or $11.88 after tax which is a good value considering the quality and how much everyone likes this place.  They have a normal menu if you aren't there for the lunch buffet and I imagine the food is even better.  They have an "Inferno" menu of super spicy items if you're so inclined.  There is also a lassi bar of some sort, though I haven't had it.

I'm on the fence about whether Mint deserves 4 or 5 stars, but considering if I drive by the place and I'm hungry I automatically go there, I'll give it a 5.
