UV2Jt8slktGu14gLZeNCjA I was excited to eat at this restaurant. But, honestly the food was just okay. I opted for the Pre-Fixed menu because according to Mint Indian Bistro, these dishes are supposedly their most 'popular' dishes. I was disappointed by the soup starter. I had two scoops of it and was done with it. The fried veggie appetizer was decent,  but nothing great. 

Then the entrees came. The two meat dishes were good. I believe one was a chicken dish, the other was the lamb. The other vegetable entrees were forgettable and bland. The rice was plain and nothing to brag about. And I chose the garlic naan, which was dry. They don't brush it with any ghee to add an extra layer of flavor. Just chopped garlic on a dry naan. 

The dessert was almost inedible. I chose the round 'doughnut' hole thing that was swimming in a pool of butter and something sweet, maybe it was honey, which in theory sounds pretty good, but it's like eating a soggy sock soaked in sweet butter. After spending $65 with tip (had a $5 indian beer), I felt like I was massively ripped off. Also, if you are hungry, the portions for the pre-fixed for two is quite small, in my opinion.

I've honestly had much better indian food in Hawaii. If anyone ever visits Oahu island. There is a small hole in the wall called Cafe Maharani. The food is amazing, but just keep in mind the wait can be horrendous, so call in your name (to put you on the list as you make your way there) or order take out to avoid the (often) 2 hour wait. My favorite dishes are the Chicken Marsala, Shrimp Do Piazza, Cheesy Garlic Naan, well any Naan. The saffron rice. Well, any of their flavored rice. And, any of their creamy lamb dishes. 

I was also super bummed that our server was inattentive. Our water glasses went empty for a significant amount of time in between the meal and each set of food app/entrees/desserts were delivered by the bus boys. Our server only took our order and then brought our check. 

They were slightly busy, but no where near a 2 hour wait. There was only one party waiting to be seated when we were leaving, so I just felt like more effort could have been made to providing better service.
