UV2Jt8slktGu14gLZeNCjA Was craving Indian and saw a bunch of Elites raved about this place, so it made the top of my list despite being further than I wanted to travel. Called in my order for takeout and headed on over. Upon entering, saw that the restaurant itself was a bit nicer and more upscale than I expected. Service was a bit lackluster- waited for a bit at the door before being acknowledged, my boxed food was waiting at a table with a manager-looking guy who brought over my receipt and took my card with a series of gestures, then ran my card and disappeared without a thank you or asking if I needed anything else. 
That probably explains why I didn't get any utensils or napkins, nor did I add on another side or additional naan as I'd originally planned. And there were only two tables seated at 5:30PM so it's not because they were busy.

I found this place to be a bit pricey. 
I like that half-size entrees are available for a slightly-lesser fee, but found that the decrease in pricing (usually around $3) isn't worth the decrease in product. Lesson learned. For three half-size entrees, one container of rice was provided. Also ordered one garlic naan. Total was around $40, which is a bit steep. I always have difficulty paying so high for a la carte indian food when the buffet prices are so cheap for so much. I feel like there's a discrepancy there that should result in lower prices rather than higher, but whatever.

Quality made my entree choices worthwhile: saag paneer, baingan bharta, and lamb korma. The saag was decent but I prefer mine a little saucier, this one was a lot of spinach and good-sized cubes of paneer but the dish seemed as if it hadnt been cooked down long enough. Best eaten with the garlic naan, which was fragrant and delicious.
Baingan bharta was ordered exclusively based on recommendations here on Yelp, and I was not disappointed. It was flavorful and I appreciated that the sauce was on the thicker side, which allowed for it to go well with the rice. 
The lamb korma is the only dish that had any spice to it whatsoever, and it was quite mild despite ordering a 5/10- at Thai restaurants, that'll get you a spicy dish, but I guess Indian is a little more laid back with the scale. I know now for next time. Dish didn't have quite as much lamb as expected for a $10 portion.

Speaking of portions, I was a little confused by the portions and packing of my takeout.
I appreciated that the half-size entree portions were packed in plastic lidded containers and wrapped in plastic to ensure that nothing spilled. But the size of the portions themselves were on the small side- think the smallest hummus containers at the grocery. That size. 

Going to put this on the list to try again for the lunch buffet, thinking that will be a better value and possibly a better overall experience. Good quality, vast menu of options including several vegetarian dishes.
