UV2Jt8slktGu14gLZeNCjA There used to be a couple of wonderful Nepalese restaurants in the Detroit Metro area, and I've missed them sorely since they closed.  Mint's Nepalese offerings made this a must-stop place during business & pleasure trips to Vegas, and I've been here several times.  This latest visit in May of 2012 found Mint as more fusion-oriented than I remembered it; they appear to have dropped some of the Nepalese dishes, which made me sad.  However, we found a great deal at Mint to be happy about.

1) Lassi bar.  Both my husband's mint lassi (not sweet) and my blackcurrant lassi (sweet) were sublime.  The color, the flavor, and the texture were all just perfect.  We did not have liquor in either lassi.

2) Drinks list is extensive, with many beers I remember fondly from my visits, including a wonderful lambic, a beer named "Troubadour Obscura," and a bock that is probably one of the best beers I've ever tasted.

3) Diverse menu-- mostly Indian with some Chinese, Tibetan, and Nepalese-influenced dishes-- with many can't-fail choices.

I've enjoyed the "Rebel Curry" on a previous visit, but this time we had the momos-- delicate meat-filled dumplings similar to a potsticker, served with a spicy tomato-based sauce.  I had the tamarind rice, a vegetarian offering that worked well as an entree after the course of momos.  My husband had the chicken Chau Chau-- one of the Tibetan noodle dishes-- and a bowl of the delicious noodle soup.  I had the warm sweet carrot Halwa for dessert and my husband had kulfi; our two fellow guests, both newcomers to Tibetan and Nepalese food, both enjoyed the Chau Chau with shrimp and the lamb momos.  

Service was spotty-- the server had to be asked three times to provide lemon wedges for our water, and frequently missed at least one person at our four-person table when providing refills or removing dishes.  And during almost every course-- beer, entree, dessert-- we encountered the news that something we'd ordered wasn't available at that moment (no Ras Malai or Hakka noodles), so each of were eating and drinking our "second best" picks for at least one course out of the menu.  The dessert I ordered wasn't available and the server took it upon himself to bring me out mango kulfi instead, which was a nice gesture but a terrible idea, as I am allergic to mangoes and had previously indicated I did not want mangoes in my iassi.  Dishes are presented attractively on four-cornered white plates but presentation isn't really exceptional.

In spite of these hiccups, we had a very good time, which goes to show how excellent the food and drink here are.  Next time I'm in Vegas, I'll be heading to Flamingo Rd for another lassi and a plate of momos.
