UV2Jt8slktGu14gLZeNCjA I came here for the first time just over a week ago on a Monday afternoon. I was craving for chicken tikka masala, & according to yelp, this is the highest rated Indian restaurant in the area (thanks, Yelpers). I easily found the place; it was right off the strip, & there was ample parking. As soon as I walked in, I was immediately greeted by one of the waiters & shown to a table even though it was slightly busy. The restaurant itself is beautifully decorated & has such a warm, exotic feel to it. There were about four or five groups of people seated throughout, but there were many available tables.

The waiter brought me a menu, & I told him that I would be ordering my meal to go. He was very friendly & was smiling along with the other employees. I quickly felt at home & opened up the menu. My mouth dropped open. The menu is huge. They have all kinds of dishes from different parts of India & other southeastern Asian countries. Each item had a tempting, mouthwatering description of the dish's contents. I knew what I had come for, but I couldn't help but look over the delicious selection of foods that they had to offer. A couple minutes later, the nice waiter man returned to take my order. He was so friendly it felt like I was actually getting the full service that a customer who dines in would get. I pointed out the dishes I wanted, which were the Maharaja Tikka Masala with chicken breast & garlic naan stuffed with cheese. I also asked for rice on the side. The waiter was quick to show me a variety of fried rice options on his iPad, all of which had mouthwatering (my mouth was really watering) pictures. I wasn't sure which one to pick--I wanted them all, so he recommended the Schezwan Fried Rice.

About ten to fifteen minutes later, the waiter returned with my package of food & the tab. After paying (& leaving a tip because they were so kind!), I rushed home to taste the food I had been dreaming about for days.

I got to my kitchen & opened the bag. First thing I noticed is that they had triple wrapped my naan in foil & wax paper to preserve the texture & heat of the naan! Then I saw that my tikka masala was in a plastic container that they had also double sealed in seran wrap! How awesome is that?! I've ordered to-go from many restaurants, but I've never seen anyone so carefully wrap the food as well as they do!! Next, I saw two round foil containers & wondered, hey, I thought I had ordered only one more thing. I opened one & saw my Schezwan Fried Rice, which was still steaming (I drove home in rush hour traffic--hence my amazement). I opened the other & saw steaming hot Basmati rice!! WOW!! I thought to myself, they've already impressed me immensely with their awesome customer service & food wrapping abilities, the food must be even greater!

And man, I'm telling you, I was not at all disappointed. In fact, I WAS BLOWN AWAY!!! I started with the garlic naan stuffed with cheese--that naan was better than sex!! The texture was warm, crisp, buttery & garlicky on the outside, & hot & super cheesy on the inside!! I don't know how to describe it. It was so goddamn GOOD!!!!!! I couldnt put it down for the life of me, but I knew I had to start on the tikka masala.

The Maharaja Tikka Masala.

Goodness gracious.

As soon as I dipped the delicious naan in that tikka masala & shoved the two in my mouth, I knew I had found a new religion. That tikka masala is the best thing that's been in my mouth in YEARS. Trust me, I've eaten all kinds of food from all over, & this, my friends, is where it's at!!! I think my neighbors heard me moaning as I ate. It was just that damn good!! The chicken breast was cooked perfectly, so so so perfectly. It was juicy, tasty & delicious. There are no words to describe my mouth's experience with that chicken. It was as if that chicken had led a good life, died happily, & went to heaven, which is where my mouth was at that moment!

Last, but definitely not least, is the Schezwan Fried Rice. That waiter guy who recommended this to me deserves a raise. In fact, he deserves an award of some sort, cuz my goodness, that rice. That rice, people. It was beyond amazing. I had ordered it with shrimp, & you know, normally when you order shrimp fried rice from a restaurant, you expect baby shrimp, even from the high-end restaurants. But no. Mint Indian Bistro did not conform in this case--they rebelled!!! The shrimp in the Schezwan fried rice was gigantic!!! It was not only huge--it was tasty, juicy, crisp, fat-- cooked to perfection!!! I was not expecting that at all because normally fried rice is made of leftover ingredients, but no way is that fried rice made of leftovers!!! Goddamn. It was so good, I wanted to go back & give that nice waiter guy a hug!!!

This is the only Indian restaurant that I'll be eating at while I live here :)
