UV2Jt8slktGu14gLZeNCjA Ever since the Mint Yelp event, I've been DYING to come back here but hadn't because of lack of somebody to come here with. My friends are unadventurous eaters and unfortunately, this is a place my family would never eat at because well... for example, my mom's favorite food is saltine crackers and milk.  Anything remotely spiced is shunned and I get a lecture about how I need to be normal and eat stuff the family will eat (read: bland and processed.) Zzzzz.

I've had the mind to walk down and just eat here by myself when I'm at school, but I'm afraid I'd gorge myself on the much talked about goat stew, the delicious gulab jamun and the KILLER tamarind sauce. Seriously, you know how there's that nasty tasting cake called "better than sex cake?" Well, if there's a food on this planet that should have the title of "almost as good as sex," this tamarind sauce is the only one that could possibly be a contender - it's crazy delicious.

After volunteering at the Las Vegas Rescue Mission on 7/16/11, I needed to grab some food before work because I felt faint, thanks to some vegetable and fruit only fast that I was on. Being a non-vegan, looking for vegan food, I had only one place in mind to go - Mint. 

My sister waited outside while I walked in. After a few minutes of perusing the menu, I noticed that it was laid out differently than it was when I came for the Yelp event - it was much easier to find the vegetarian and vegan options. 

I'm supposed to eat only vegetables and fruit on this thing- no dairy, no meat, no nuts, no grains, but, dang it, I was in a hurry and after 5 days of eating dressing-free salads and drinking juiced cucumbers and carrots, I was dying for something filling and flavorful. The meat options all looked killer and I wouldn't mind eating... well anything on the menu. It all sounded great. I settled on potato and pea samosa and a half order of malai kofta with 10 spiciness, hold the rice and the naan. (Less than $10 total.) 

The service was good. I chatted with Smeet about school and work while I waited. He told me the kofta wasn't vegan. At that point, I didn't care. I'd settle for vegetarian for this meal. Friendly service anywhere is always good and in about 15-20 minutes, my food was in my hands and I was out the door. I basically ripped open the container and devoured half of the innards of one of the samosas while simultaneously changing for work in the car. I took the rest with me in to work and chowed down. 

Ummmm... the malai kofta was SO good. Maybe I was deliriously hungry or maybe it was just that good. I've been craving more of that kofta like crazy. It was spicy, but not overly so, and had the creamiest texture. It was delicious. How wonderful it is to have something spicy! The remainder of the samosa had the mint and  the ZOMG! tamarind sauce that Smeet included in little containers, poured over them. It was the best thing I'd eaten in almost a week. I wish I had ordered double the amount of food. 

Would I go back? YES. As of this writing, I have 8 more days to go on this Vegan thing and I have a feeling I'll hit up Mint at least two more times to grab some more delicious food before I'm done.
