UV2Jt8slktGu14gLZeNCjA On the advice of Yelpers, went to Mint last night. Was very impressed with the room, though small, it is lovely. Was greeted by a cheerful fellow and seated in a booth while waiting for my date. Prompt water, and after a little confusion trying to order top shelf vodka/soda/lime. 

I had looked forward to trying either the Vegan or Vegetarian Chef's Dinners (crazy amounts of food, a bit a of everything for $44 $38, respectively) he was reluctant so we went a la carte, which ended up with far less food. They also offer Gluten Free Chef's Menu & have one of the most clearly marked menus I've ever seen describing each item and what categories they fall into, awesome. 

The waiter takes your order on an iPhone, which took us a few seconds to register that he wasn't just Yelping :) When I was taking pictures of menu & food, I was asked if I was Yelping and copped to it. He proudly pointed out Yelp sticker on door. 

Now, down to food:

I ordered a cup of yellow dal : light, herbaceous and delicious enough to keep around to mop up the last bits with nan. Date had never tried it before and loved it, too. 

Two orders of Nan: yummy (too much bread for me, but guess he likes carbs) 

Brown Basmati rice: yes, please! They happily informed us it would be refilled on request and it was. 

My main course was vegan tikka masala which I ordered at level 8. Some heat, but I'd go 10 next time. Complex, full of veggies and spices and I took half home. 

Date had Mango Lassi, which he enjoyed and a usual lamb korma guy tried the vegetarian version level 8, too and ate every bite, most of the nan, and surprisingly, his first brown rice?! 

In all, service was attentive, water glasses were filled and we thoroughly enjoyed everything. In my pictures is a cute "Happy Face Rating" which came with bill I thought was adorable. Thought it a bit pricy at $65 + change but that would have been easily remedied ordering the Chef's Menu for 2. Another funny thing: we were trying to figure out what "1 Russian $10" was on check = it was my cocktail ( guessing Stoli)

My date went back today for the $10.99 lunch buffet, which he really dug. Guess he enjoyed Mint as much as I did. Once I try more items, I will update review and am pretty sure it will hold up or bump to 5*. Another plus: half orders! Keeps making me crush on you harder, Mint, you charmer. How flirty is it that they thanked me on the Facebook (c'mon y'all want to say THE Facebook so let's do it...) 

Directly across the street from the Atomic Testing Museum: perfect place to hit for lunch before or after. Yummy.
