UvWWzU2g-Wq-c3wAcSeDPg Based on this past Saturday Nights experience this was an easy review to write!  For Dessert (eaten first) Kulfi 3.98 yelp stars, great flavor, was "scooped" (never had it scooped before) it seemed a little too icy, too light, could have been creamier, though still way better than most.  Next they brought out the usual complimentary "spicy" Onion Chutney and cracker.  This is a smart move because they ask you to gauge the level of spiciness for your meal based on how "spicy hot" you think the Chutney is.  They say the Onion Chutney is a two spice level and to me it is about perfect hot (or a bit hotter than I would prefer to eat on a regular basis).  So I order everything at spice level two.  My yelp rating for the Onion Chutney is 5 yelp stars!  

I love Masala Chai, when it is real good I can taste, Cloves, Cinnamon, Ginger, Cardamom and it is sweet and creamy (when it's good).  Most Indian Restaurants have very poor Malsala Chai, if they have it at all!  Saturday night Situl had good Masala Chai - I'm giving it 4.1 yelp stars.  

Situl represents three cultures and has a menu for each:  Indian, Nepali and Indo-Chinese.  My soup came from the Nepali section and is called Everest Chicken Soup.  This easily makes my "Soup's On" list.  This was very enjoyable, the vegetables were so fresh and many had a slight "crunch" left in them, perfectly seasoned, 4.89 stars!  The Garlic Naan was in one large piece with lots of garlic and butter!  This was the most unique Garlic Naan I have ever tasted and was very good, 4.25 stars.

Now for the Entree and I'll say the service was perfect and "Boldness" counts!  My waiter recommended the Soup and the Entree.  I was going to order Chicken Tikka Masala and he suggested (without me asking for a recommendation) Bombay Chicken.  I got Bombay Chicken and it was tasty, milder than the rest of the meal, still flavorful,  Chunks of boneless white meat Chicken, with Raisins and Tomatoes in a Creamy Garlic, Ginger Sauce, 3.35 stars!

 Oooops I left my wallet at home!  They asked if they could hold my camera, I said sure and as you can see (if you look) I got my camera back!  The Decor here has a sparseness to it... Still this place does have a certain Charm to me, though I wonder if the appeal is that it is located in the "Back Court" of a Charming old Shopping Center?
