UvWWzU2g-Wq-c3wAcSeDPg Unfortunately, there aren't too many places in Charlotte that offer Nepalese food - so if that is your craving, you may have to bite the bullet and head to Situl. The good news is that the food is actually quite good. If I rated on the food alone, it would be awesome. If I rated on the service alone, not so much.

I went with a group of people and spent a painful three hours in the restaurant. The best parts of the meal were the actual food - which unfortunately didn't last long - and the company (as it should be).

In some places, the length of a meal is to be expected (see The Melting Pot). Each table takes very close to the same amount of time. You receive a regularly paced service. Not at Situl.

You sit, are given menus, and then you sit some more. You watch tables come in, get menus, order, eat their food, get their checks, leave, and then you may get your food.

By food, I mean a paltry dish called a "platter" which is really a bread plate with a single piece of each appetizer. This is a platter? I get that we as a country are in a dangerous area of consumption, and there are places that we should cut back. But when you order a platter to sample multiple appetizers - to share no less - this is what you get? Yikes. That it costs what it does makes matters worse.

Then another round of tables comes in, gets their food and leaves and then we get our entree. The saving grace, because this food is amazingly tasty. I don't even know what I ordered. The service - when it comes - is quite good. Glasses are kept full, and the suggestion for Nepalese is some off-menu item which is one of the best dishes I've had in a good while. The Naan is a fresh and tasty side to go along with it.

Afterwards, the dishes are cleared and another round of tables come in to eat. Eventually we ask to get our checks and they come out. Which is to say that a single piece of paper shows what each person owes. No breakdown, just a number scrawled on a pad in the position where everyone is sitting. But it's way higher than it should be.

Of course it includes tax, but it turns out it includes a 20% tip - which strangely it never mentions anywhere (though it isn't uncommon for larger groups) and another $2 or so, because the waiter can't make it equal the same amount when questioned about it. Nice.

Definitely on the long side here, so the result? Go for the food, and go if you're in a small party, but not in a group. Or perhaps even order ahead and take it home with you. But don't sit and wait for it.
