UwIsqUFQBDMNofkTrAP_pw I really liked this place...the first time I was there.  The second time, the experience was the totally opposite.  

After finding out there is a new Indian buffet by work, I gathered a couple of colleagues and headed to Chennai.  We were greeted immediately, seated with a full pitcher of ice water, and gotten our bread order in.  We received our hot/fresh dosa and naan very quickly after sitting down.  The food had great flavor and more variety than most other buffet.  The servers checked on us and took our plates away.  Great first visit!  I was very excited and wanted to take my wife there as soon as possible.

The second visit, my wife and I walked in after a group of three people and in front of a group of two.  The hostess totally ignored us and proceeds to talk to the group in front and behind us.  I tried a couple of times to get her attention but it was impossible without making a scene.  We decided to let her know when she comes back.  The people in front of us got a table within a minute.  After another five minutes, a table was being cleaned.  The group behind us received that table.  I followed them and informed them that we were ahead.  The group was nice enough to get up and let us have the table.  The hostess and a server saw the incident and came over.  I explained to the hostess that I was right in front of her waving my hand and she totally ignored us...she laughed and apologized.  The server smiled an apology too and offered to bring us some mango lassi.  We headed towards the buffet.  On the table, we had two filled glasses of warm water, empty pitcher, no lassi, and a plate of dosa (one plain and one masala).  My wife and I both wanted a masala one.  We decided to share the one and continue with our meal.  After our first plate, our naan still have not arrived.  I tracked the hostess down and a few minutes later, a basket of almost cold naan showed up.  We continued our meal.  A couple of times, a server would pick up our plate but never offered to get more naan or refill our pitcher.  Both our water glasses were almost empty.  One of the workers dropped a glass on the ground but didn't clean up all of it.  There were several large pieces visible when walking by.  The tables around us seem to receive water and fresh one without asking.  At one point, the hostess actually told a customer that she will bring out fresh naan because the ones she had were not hot.  After our meal, I asked the server if we should go up or wait for the bill.  She said she will bring it to us because things have slowed down.  After a few minutes, we noticed that she was ringing people up.  We decided to get up to pay and leave.

A few other observations I wanted to share.  The owner should really put up a sign asking patrons to use a new plate each time they go back for more food.  I saw several people put serving utensils directly on their used plates.  When they refilled utensils, there were still food and water on them.  It looked like they just came out of the dish washer...but thought they would warm from the hot water used to wash them.  Maybe they have a new way of sanitizing them without using hot water.  The floor was very sticky both times I was there.

I really did enjoy the food but would not go back.  I felt like we were discriminated against because we were not from India.  If I do go back, I will bring my Indian friend from the first visit.  That seems to work out better.
