UwIsqUFQBDMNofkTrAP_pw $10 bucks for lunch buffet.

Wowza ;) I happened upon this place accidentally.

I was meeting a person from the internet in this parking lot to sell them my water cooler and just happened to be HANGRY, naw mean??? So after my sale, naturally I waltzed my hangry ass in there. Perfect timing, because it was about 12:15 and the lunch crowd was just starting to pour in. Just in time to swoop in and get my sampler plate goin before the line backed up.

 Score.

So, to start off, the buffet line is pretty big! I've only been in Indian buffets in Mesa, so maybe this is a Chandler thing. Or maybe it's just Chennai Fusion Grill's thing. Either way, the selection of vegetarian and non-veg was decent. 

My game plan with all buffets is get one plate and get a small spoonful of every single thing. Back at the table I taste it all and that's how I decide what I'll be mowing down for my money's worth ;) I'm a professional, what can I say. 

Initial spoonful sampler plate taste test was a success. I was pleasantly surprised that everything I tasted was REAL delicious. Spices aplenty. Very very tastey. Of course my favorite always ends up being the tikka masala. Or, I think it's palaak tikka masala? (The yummy cheese squares in the tikka masala sauce. NOM NOM)

I did have to wait quite awhile to receive my naan, but that's only because there was just one girl waiting tables and also running cashier. I would assume this is their typical staffing on a weekday at lunch. Not a problem for me since it's my day off and I'm not in a hurry at all. I noticed people had to wait about 5 minutes to cash out as well for the same reason, but nobody seemed upset. It was mostly business people on their lunch break, so maybe they're close by and they've all been here before and they know the drill. Sweet.

Oh!! I'm not usually into Indian desserts, but I was very impressed with their savory recipes, so I did the ol' spoonful plate test with their deserts. There were two rice pudding type desserts (no, definitely don't know the names) and a fruit custard, and then this hot milk soup thing. One of the rice puddings had a WEIRD aftertaste! Not necessarily bad, nor unpleasant, but I wouldn't get it again. The hot milk soup dessert was the winner for me. I asked what it was called and she said something like "picee" which, of course, I've spelled wrong and would have no idea how to Google it. Damn delicious is what it is.

Bottom line: go in for lunch! 

I'm going to bring the man in here to try it out. Hell I'm bringing everyone in here.
