UwIsqUFQBDMNofkTrAP_pw This restaurant is located in the quiet part of West Chandler, If anyone coming from north and taking S Priest Dr/56th along I-10, they will pass through some fields, ranches, thus lunch here is the best part of my work. Almost the seatings are booths, so it is even more casual, relaxing. Music is  normal and not blaring. At times you may ask to turn it down when people start to out-load the music. Typically, environment is comfortable and quiet. And I can go from work PHX and be back in an hour lunch break.

The food - They also have buffet just like any other restaurants and some run-of-the-mill items like chicken Tikka masala, Noodles and fried rice, in case you need options. However 'The Best Part' is after you discovered their specials - there are many dishes that are made authentic, less oily, extremely flavorful and unique. That is the difference - those all don't taste the the same - unlike the typical curry-creamy-oily dishes just in different colors, almost same -  like regular Americanized Indian restaurant buffets. Go A la carte. Or, many times, you hit a jackpot when their those specials appear in their buffet. 

The wait staff are awesome, most of them don't provide a typical-wait-staff robatic response, instead you will get personalized response and service. They seems to have a good knowledge about the foods, its pronoenciation, methods of cooking and states where they are consumed, then if you ask, they will enthusiastically point out those items that have unique flavors and their favorites for example, Chittinad Lamb pepper fry. Kaara Kozhumbu (go easy on the roasted garlic),  Ennai Katharikai , Naatu Kozhi Roast. Kal Dosa, Lamb/goat biryani (its different yet delicious). 

I wish they make some goat-items as boneless on special request, after a while it gets tired or you can't eat these items with bones when we invade this place with hungry coworkers - it gets sloppier even with a ton of napkins. However, They will customize any item for you, so if you ask the wait staff 'Spicy' with extra stars, you might need a plan to get back home dizzy with lot of  stars. 

I give easily 5 stars for this joint, considering the  awesome food, authentic, cozy ambiance and service.
