UwIsqUFQBDMNofkTrAP_pw The entrees were good, husband's and mine.  The bread was not.  The service was horrendous.  The waiter served us in blue jeans and a tea shirt - I mean - really!  He pretended to understand when I ordered Naan "light" with no brown on it.  I specifically told him if it was dark with any blackened parts on it or much brown, I would not eat it so it had to be lightly cooked.  He brought it with the bottom completely dark brown, the top part at least 1/2 brown & 1/2 lighter and parts all over were black.  I told him it was specifically what I did not want.  Again, he pretended to understand.  The cook came out and asked what was wrong with it.  Obviously, the two do not communicate with each other.  I could not find vegetable dishes on the menu and told the waiter so and I asked him if vegetables came with the main course - the entrees because I could not find vegetable dishes on the menu.  He said no "there are no separate vegetable dishes".  So, I ordered just the main dish and the naan, which I sent back and he returned it and left it for my husband.  After a wait and when the food almost arrived, I turned around the alcoholic menu and found - vegetable dishes, in the form of appetizers.  The waiter completely missed the mark.  I wished I had ordered one of those.  It was too late because no sooner had I seen those for about one minute at most, the food had arrived.  So, I ate curried lamb.  It was tasty, perfectly good but, there were no vegetables and thanks to a moron of a waiter, I was told there were none to order separately and there were zero with the curried lamb dish, just pieces of lamb in a curried sauce.  I do not eat white rice and that has zero nutrition anyway so even if I ate that, which I did not, it would have contributed nothing to a meal of some value to the body.  If the waiter did a decent job, we would have ordered a couple of vegetable appetizers and been a lot happier about the meal and there was no excuse for bringing me brown & blacked naan when he knew I had ordered it light with little or no brown on it - cooked very lightly.  It was around 7 p.m. and there was only one other couple in the entire restaurant.  While we were eating, one other couple came in to eat.  Perhaps, the nearly empty place and the t-shirt and blue jeans says something about the food and management.  It was a huge disappointment overall because I did like my lamb dish and my husband liked his.  He remarked on our way home that his lamb dish was better than the food at the last two Indian restaurants we had been to.  In fact, the very last one about a month before that was not good at all so, it is too bad that this restaurant hired a clueless dumb bunny for a waiter who was no help at all - messed up on the vegetables and messed up on the bread.  My impression is that husband wants to give them one more chance.  I am thinking to go to the place we have been several times that is very good - quite a drive though.  If ever a waiter did not deserve a tip, this one was it but husband tips everybody regardless.  I suggested something less than adequate.
