v3BLVPLRo2Egeak29B9lug I forgot to check in, but I had a nice lunch here.  This was my husband's second time at the buffet and my first.  He said it was pretty much the same both times, if not identical.  It's not the fanciest or largest Indian buffet, but I feel like there's no need for more.  I will go down the buffet and tell you how things were.

The buffet started with three chicken dishes: tandoori, tikka, and curry.  The tandoori did not look appealing as it looked overcooked/dried out.  I tried the tikka and curry and found both to be medium in quality.  The sauces were good but about 2/3 of the chicken was too dry.

Then came a tray of fried yummies.  There were vegetable samosas and some small fried things that I could not identify, before, during, or after eating them.  The little thingies were too salty.  The samosas were crisp on the outside, well stuffed on the inside.  I enjoyed the sauces from the end of the buffet with them.

Next were four vegetarian entree options: chick peas, lentils, spinach paneer, and a mixed vegetable dish.  Of the four, the lentils were the surprise hit for me, with a pleasing texture and flavor.  I also loved the veggies and could have eaten them all day long.

At the end of the first buffet table was a tray of gulab jamun, which is what I chose for dessert.  They are like dense donut balls that are fried and then soaked in syrup.  They were excellent.  They had a complex flavor and the texture wound up working well.   There was also naan, which was your standard naan.

On the next table there was watermelon, which I forgot to eat.  Then rice pudding, which is my husband's other love, and he enjoyed his little bowl of it.  Then there was a tray with slices of raw tomato, cucumber, and onions.  Finally there was an area with smaller containers of chutney, the green sauce, the brown sauce, raita, and maybe something else.   Sorry folks, I have never learned what the green and brown sauces are actually called, but these were excellent versions.  At first I was stumped because there are no little cups to put it in, (and there's a sign that says if you use the little bowls for anything other than dessert, they will charge you extra!) but I solved my first world problem with putting little piles of the tomato, cucumber, and onion on a plate.  Then I put the sauces in between those, in a fan pattern, and it mostly kept it separate.  This mostly worked because the sauces were thick.  The raita was packed with veggies but the chutney was too salty and we could not eat it.

Overall, our lunch at Coriander fulfilled our expectations and we left happy.
