vCx6uieEF0W0mKFK4sT3Yg Went tonight for a friend's birthday. The reservation was for 15, but only 9 of us showed up, which I'm thankful for otherwise I'd probably still be waiting for my food.
We arrived at 7:15 and were not offered drinks for half an hour. The drinks themselves took another half hour to show up. Once they finally did we placed our order and realized we may be in for a long night.
The server was really nice, but the place was severely understaffed for a Saturday night: 2 servers, 2 cooks and a full restaurant. 
Two hours after I sat down was when I had my first bite of my samosa appetizer, which was delicious. It would be another 45 minutes before our meals would be on the table. Half of our party was finished eating before a couple of friends received their food. No apologies, no offers, no recognition of how ridiculously long everything was taking. Many tables that arrived after us received their meals et al before us.

The food was fantastic, which is why I'm giving 2 stars and not 1. The music was cringe-worthy, a catatonic elevator-music band that soullessly covered greats like Hallelujah, I Will Survive and What a Wonderful World. Music that would have complemented the environment would have been more appropriate. After that band a group of people started setting up for a PLAY... Our party marveled at the silence and flickering lights as the actors started constructing their set. Eventually we just couldn't stop laughing; from bad music to no music and faulty electricity,  plus a now 3 hour restaurant experience, and we were all colossally late for the second location of this birthday party (which other people were going to be at who were not joining us for dinner). After the birthday girl finished her meal, she threw down some cash and left to hold the fort down at the tiki bar. NOT the way for a birthday girl to feel.

The bill organizing was a debacle. We tried to organize a split bill system with our server at the beginning, who told us we'd just sort it all out later. As someone who worked in the industry for years, that is a very bad idea. I figured out my total plus tax and tip and gave my cash before other people were even given their bill. 

The restaurant's grand apologetic gesture came in the form of comp-ing about 6 orders of naan bread, a total of $12. For a group of people ordering multiple drinks and bottles of wine, plus a full meal each, that was pretty measly.

I don't blame the server at all, he was a nice fellow who was working really hard (about 40x harder than anyone else there). The owner really needs to re-evaluate scheduling and have at least two more servers on the floor, a bartender, and three more people in the kitchen in order for the restaurant to run smoothly. I watched people leave after not being acknowledged at the door for over 5 minutes, and a table sat dirty for over an hour before being cleared.

Go to this place... Just not when more than 3 people are in there!
