vCx6uieEF0W0mKFK4sT3Yg Edited up to 4 star from 3 after second visit for dinner. This time we sat on the patio, just two of us instead of a group, and service again was very friendly but much quicker. Everything was tasty, very good actually. Mussels and curry sauce was a bit too salty but everything else was fresh and packed with flavour. Naan bread, rice, califlower with potato, masala chicken curry, Sleemans honey brown beer. Yum yum!

previous experience as a group...

For dinner:
Service Friendliness 5/5
Service and Food Speed 1/5
Taste Food and Beverage 4/5
Food hot, drinks cold 5/5
Ambiance 2/5
Music 0/5
Seating 4/5
Decor 2/5
Uniqueness 5/5
Value 4/5
Price $$ / go all out for only $$$

Note *When walking by at lunch, there are casual and business people and families and tourists. The lunch food looks fantastic - wraps and salads, etc.

Went on a Saturday at 7:30 with a group of 12 for my birthday. Wasent hard getting a reso the day before. Place is priced well with a really large menu and beer, cocktail and wine menu. Good for groups, we even had more people join later. Food was tasty and hot, cocktails were mixed well.

Place is unique and interesting but also a little strange... Looks like fine dining from the website photos but it's not. It's very casual and very much a Kensington market restaurant. The white table clothes kind of throw you off.

At 9:30 they start setting up for live music or djs, usually reggae. The place turns into a bar / club. It's super loud and ruins your dining experience. 

I would go again with a group but will leave before 9:30.
Patio was full the entire time. With us and a few other tables inside it was about 35% full inside.

Service was very very slow, so don't be in a rush. The slowest I've ever seen. Kitchen was very slow eapecially for Indian food. They were friendly but slow and maybe a bit under staffed. We waited a good 20 minutes between drinks and longer for food. 
For 12 people to share food and not even finish it all, with lots of cocktails and beer, tip and tax it was $53 per person. pretty decent.
