VCYhWAkuxl2Irj_vgnraYw Ok, I'm a HUGE Indian food fan. I have been to almost all of them in the city at least once. My current favorite has been Flavors of India on 16th street & Cambell because it is near work and they make an awesome chicken korma. 

Let me state for the record that I never, ever, ever get the buffet which is pretty standard at most Indian places in the valley. Aside from buffet-phobia I am a pretty big chili head. I like HOT in any shape and form. This means I need to order off the menu and ask for it spicy. I typically order "Indian Spicy" or "The hottest you make it". 

So, I jumped off the 202 a bit early the other day because of traffic and headed north on Scottsdale, imagine my surprise to see "Taj Mahal" there at McKellips, so close to my home stomping grounds. I immediately made a mental note to try it.

Today was that day. I popped in to grab lunch "take out" for my wife and I. The place was completely empty and there in the back was the requisite buffet (I didn't get close enough to it to see what it held). I sat at the bar and ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala (mild, rating 0) for her and the Chicken Vindaloo (as a 10) for me as well as an order of garlic naan.

Let me say, I was impressed. The chicken tikka was on par with any I have tried in the valley, the garlic naan was better than most, but I think the Delhi Palace in tempe has that beat. The basmati rice was 'ok', probably the least impressive part of the meal, I really prefer it with a nice mix of "crunchy" bottom scrapings. HOWEVER! The real winner was my chicken vindaloo. 

I AM IN LOVE. Finally a place that actually brings the heat, a 10 means 10. It was exactly the level of spiciness I crave and have yet to get in an Indian restaurant in AZ. I think I might still have a little endorphin high from it right now. The flavor was phenomenal as well, a nice rich flavor. I like vindaloo because it's not quite as heavy as some of the creamier ones and this one did not dissapoint. A crisp, deep flavor with a beautiful slow burn spiciness.

I am definitely a regular now. In fact, I am going to bring some fellow chili-head friends next weekend. 

Oh, they also have a nice selection of Indian beers, more than is normally found at similar places. You can't go crazy with the spice without some refreshing beers on hand right?

If you like spicy, or even just like Indian food pop in and give it a go. I will cry myself to sleep at night snuggling my plush habanero if this place goes out of business because of people not knowing about it ;)

Oh, the prices off the menu were very affordable, if my wife liked spicy (or vice versa) we could have easily split the one or the other $13 entree and been full.
