VdlPZg2NAu8t8GkdbPLecg The food is great! My boyfriend and I overindulged in delicious garlic naan, paneer tikka masala (a little too creamy for my taste), and the daily special. The wine was alright but was served way too warm. 

Unfortunately the service was not so pleasant. Our waitress in the beginning was less than friendly. She asked if I wanted a drink and I said, "I'm not sure yet...can..." and she walked away before I could ask for a wine menu. We tried to flag her down a few times but she kept storming past us. It wasn't busy enough to be treated this way. Finally we went to the bar and got our own menu. 

I was waving the menu in my face because it was gruesomely hot in the restaurant. Beads of sweat were dripping down my neck. My wine was warm. My water was warm. They cranked up the music to a point where I couldn't hear anything else going on and brought out the belly dancer. 

Shortly after we began eating, it felt like I was on a bad acid trip. It was hot. The music was way too loud. And then, like a bad dream, a man passed out and fell on the floor. Fortunately there was a doctor there to administer care. The paramedics were called and the man was thought to have heat exhaustion. It's no wonder! It was a billion degrees in there. 

The waitress was slightly nicer after that incident, but then ended up trying to get us to pay for another person's tab because she accidentally had them pay for ours. There is no sense in why she couldn't have just voided it and owned her mistake. We ended up paying $68 when we should have only paid $53. She had "discounted it" 15% but regardless we still paid $15 extra!

I'm not disappointed with this restaurant, just this waitress in particular. The food is great, but go for pickup so that you don't have to deal with the experience that we had on a Saturday Night.


UPDATE: tried this again as take out and paid $20 for a naan and tikka masala without rice. They didn't mention it didn't come with rice and I found it very off-putting as the meal we had on Saturday had rice. Also took quite a while for the order (45 min) but that's ok. It was a busy Sunday night.
