VdlPZg2NAu8t8GkdbPLecg Imagine if you were Pakastani and you wanted to open a restaurant that would cater to the mainstream. You would make it trendy inside. You would offer a nice bar. You would hire American people as your servers. And you would make the food not so spicy. In essence, you would create the PF Chang's of Indian Food. You would give it an Indian sounding name like Tandoori TImes and remove any vestiges of Pakistan as Indian restaurants are better recognized and thus seen as a safer option among the mainstream.  Well, that's exactly what Tandoor Times is. 

Being Indian, I prefer Indian food meaning I like all the grilled meat items but they better be able to make quality sabjis and vegetarian dishes too.  Tandoori Times is a Pakastani restaurant; it's not an Indian restaurant. It's almost the same but their dishes are different. Pakastani cuisine involves Tandoori items and grilled items. Their cooking style is less spicy and offers less cream in their dishes.  Indian (Punjani/North Indian) food involves Tandoor items as well in addition to vegetable dishes, more variety and types of curries and is spicier and more flavorful in general. If you are a non-vegetarian like myself, you can survive on the curries and the shish kebob and other meat items. However, when you taste their chaat, deserts and vegetarian sabjis, this restaurant clearly does not know what they are doing.  If you are vegetarian of Indian descent, you will be sorely disappointed.  Nothing against Pakastani cuisine but vegetarian dishes are not your forte much like curries and grilled options are not really a part of South Indian cooking.  

The food is on the mild side. Of course, if you ask them to make something hotter, they can but their food in general is not very spicy and is bland with the exception of some of their curries.  If you are a Non-Indian and you want to try Indian food for the first time, this would be a good place to start. If you are someone who has eaten quality Indian food and wants the real thing, avoid this place because this is as far from being the real thing as possible. 

The service and ambience was quite nice. I think that's the real draw of this restaurant since most Indian restaurants have poor service and often a dirty or claustrophobic environment.  This is a trendy restaurant in old town Scottsdale that you could take a date to.  The service was good when we went there but at the same time the servers were pretty ignorant of the menu and didn't know a lot about Indian food.

Being Indian, this place was just a bunch of hype.  Yes, it was neat to see friendly American people serving Indian food since I'm used to Indian waiters who are abrupt and to the point.  I liked the ambience but the food was disappointing. Their palak paneer honestly tasted as if some non-Indian person decided to try and make it from a cookbook at home. It was not spicy nor was it cooked properly. Their malai kofta was not even malai kofta....let's put it that way.  I will say this, their Tandoori chicke was probably the best I've had in the valley and that's not suprising since Pakastani cooking involves meat and they know how to grill meat well but outside of their meat dishes, it was completely lackluster. 

The bottom line is that if you are an Indian person or a person who is used to eating quality Indian food and you want honest to goodness quality INDIAN (not Pakastani) food, avoid this place.  If you are a non-Indian person wanting to check out Indian/Pakastani food and just want to have a good time, this place is for you.  Note, however that the prices are rather high for an Indian/Pakastani restaurant so you are paying for that ambience.
