VdlPZg2NAu8t8GkdbPLecg I am remiss in not writing my review of our dinner Tandoori Times a little sooner.
In my defense, my ears hadn't stopped ringing from the background music for the belly dancer and I was unable to concentrate on the screen long enough to write a coherent sentence (at least I think that's why I can't write a coherent sentence:)
The Beautiful Carin and I met the utterly delightful Jim and Audrey W. for dinner at Tandoori Times last Friday evening.
I keep saying it, but one of the things I like about Yelp is actually meeting and getting to know real people in "meat world", as opposed to only getting to know someone online.
It really gets down to the art of dining...pleasant conversation with convivial company, good food and drink, in an interesting setting. 
We had all of those things Friday evening, and more!
We also had Indian food at Tandoori Times! 
I love Indian and Pakistani food. 
I play squash and I got to know Indian and Pakistani food from the kitchens of the wives of some of my squash buddies...incredible meals and incredible hospitality...we could all take lessons:)
We started with cocktails, 4 kinds of Naan (the Onion Naan was incredible...crusty and crunchy on the outside, literally filled with chunks of soft, savory/sweet roasted onion:)
Appetizers included Aloo Tikki, a potato pancake with gravy (and you know how much I like gravy:)...good stuff. We passed things around, family style.
We ordered dinner as we enjoyed our conversations. 
It was great to get to know Jim and Audrey better and I'm glad we had some time to chat as dinner was served (really wonderful food...Chicken Vindaloo, Chicken Masala, Lamb Korma and Kahari Shrimp...everything perfectly prepared, spicy and flavorful). 
The service was warm and friendly:)
All of the food was served family style with rice and more Naan to sop up the gravies and sauces...so good!
Then came the belly dancing and music...there may also have been a fire engine parade and a Boeing 777 landing in the parking lot...it was so loud we'll never really know. 
The sound system was really cranked for the lovely belly dancer and it was fun to watch  her for the first 15 minutes or so. 
But after an hour or so, the fun of watching belly dancing kind of wore off, we wanted to get back to conversation (even though the belly dancer was brandishing swords and candles...it was a little like watching NASCAR...you don't want to see the wreck, but you don't want to miss it either. I'm happy to report that nothing was cut off or burned during the performance:)
Sadly, conversation was rendered nearly impossible by the fact that someone had turned the amplifiers up to 11.
Jim would ask me "what do you do for a living" and I would answer "I sold my motorcycle in 1978", with a smile, and he would look puzzled:)
Audrey and Carin were having similar difficulties...it's just hard to have quiet chat when the background music is up around 107 decibels:)
That said, we truly enjoyed the evening with our new friends!
And we really enjoyed the food at Tandoori Times...I just recommend calling ahead to ask about the belly dancing, and bring the ear plugs if you go on belly dancing nights:)
