VdlPZg2NAu8t8GkdbPLecg 2 stars for good food but crappy service. 

I was raised on Indian food, and know what I like. I heard that Tandoori  times was a great restaurant, so my boyfriend and I decided to eat there a few weeks back. I had been looking for a new Indian restaurant and was excited to try it out. 

 The restaurant was busy, and we waited about 5 minutes until a table was available.  We were seated on the patio behind a pillar (bad idea). Our server came over after a few minutes to take our drink order.  He came back with our drinks, and we were unsure as to what we wanted to order for dinner but we ordered the aloo tikki to start. 

The appetizer took a long time to come out (about 20 minutes) and our server didn't come back to take our order until shortly before our appetizer arrived.  We ordered the bengun bhartha and chicken curry with garlic naan. 

Another 20 or so minutes went by after we were finished with our appetizer before we saw our server again. He set our dishes down and asked if we wanted anything else. I asked if we could have a side of rice because I just guessed that he had forgotten it, or it was on its way as all Indian places I have been to serve rice as an accompaniment to dishes. 

I told my boyfriend I didn't want to eat my meal without rice, so I waited about 10 minutes.... no rice... our server continued serve other tables and walk away before my boyfriend could flag him down. Finally, I decided to not let the already mildly cool food get colder, so I reluctantly began eating. 

The curry tasted great and was well spiced.  I also loved the bengun bhartha (I have only found one place that makes it the way I like it). 

After we were done eating the two dishes, the server finally came over (no rice in hand) to ask how our meal was.  My boyfriend politely asked for boxes, our rice to go (since they seemed to be still cooking it), and the check.  We waited another 5 or so minutes to get our bill, and the server says, "don't worry about the rice.... it's on me"  WHAT?? WE ACTUALLY HAVE TO PAY EXTRA FOR RICE???? 

My boyfriend got up and went looking for the manager. He spoke to the hostess and found out the manager had stepped away, but she called and spoke to him. My boyfriend explained our experience, and how it was our first time dining there. The manager said that we would either wait for him to return, or the hostess could take 15% off our bill.  Not wanting to wait any longer for anything else, my boyfriend just asked for the discount. 

The food was great, but the service was crap. Absolute crap. Unfortunately, due to that first impression, I don't want to go back.
