VdlPZg2NAu8t8GkdbPLecg Alas, my craving for Indian food came to the point where I had to breakdown and eat Indian food on the West Coast. :(  I'm sorry to say that my craving for Indian was not met and the "timing" to eat at "Tandoori Times" couldn't have been worse.

To start off my first sign of disappointment was when I called to see if the had a lunch buffet

They didn't.  What Indian Restaurant doesn't do a lunch buffet!?

Well two to be in exact, which happens to be the only two Indian restaurants in Old Town Scottsdale (Tandoori Times and Jewel of the Crown) which is where I work, of course.

The cuisine...

First off, I'm a big believer that you can judge an Indian restaurant by their chicken tikka masala, so since this was my first visit to Tandoori, I had to try it.   Let's just say it was okay at best.  The tikka masala was little bit spicier than usual, which is fine with me, and it also had the right consistency and richness from the cream you expect, but it missed the slight sweetness that contrasts the spices from the sauce.  Disappointing.

Next was the naan.

The naan came out warm and had that ever so slight crispy outside that I adore, but the inside was slightly doughy or little too moist, which made the naan slightly chewy after it cooled off.  It was still good, but come on; you can at least master the basics right?

Wrong.

Let's go to the rice.  First and foremost I don't ever recall where you had to pay for rice at any Indian restaurant.  Well guess what?  I did.  $2.50 to be exact!!!  And for $2.50, did they master this staple side dish?  Noooo...

It wasn't like it was horrible but I have never had Indian rice that was oily; it was slight, but you could taste and feel it.  Overall texture and flavor was sub par, but I couldn't get over the slightly oily taste and texture.  All I could think was that I was eating Chinese fried rice (b/c of the oiliness) with my tikka masala.  Sigh... Oh well.  Atleast they gave a hearty portion.

Decor was adequate, dark green and red colored sheer covered sections of walls and was used a divider to break up the room.  But what was up with the standard white office acoustical tiles in the ceiling?  Atleast black it out like most restaurants.  I felt like I was at work or in some weird episode of The Office.  An episode when Steve Carell's character, Michael, decides to go to an Indian restaurant at lunch and notices the same thing...but to only make an erroneous comment out loud so everyone in the restaurant could here, starts mocking Indians and their accent and everything then goes down hill: something I would only laugh if on TV, but would not in real life.  I couldn't get over the fact that on top of that they had the audacity to then painted random acoustical tiles dark red and blue, which made your eyes look up at the ceiling.  I'm clueless on that one.

Anyways, I am very hard pressed to find a reason to go back Tandoori Times.  For all you Phoenicians you never had Indian Food, save your taste buds and go to NYC or anywhere back east and try it there.  But if you get the urge, I would suggest go to India Delhi Palace on McDowell Road.  The food is actually pretty good, for AZ standards that is.

More along the lines of 2 1/2 Stars
