vfSyQNaDyenryrYIC4Nu6w We came here based on the high rating and volume of reviews.  After the experience, I now understand that people are probably more excited about the low price tag; rather than a truly authentic and delicious food experience.

First off, the service here was just terrible.  We were seated and it took about 10 minutes for anyone to notice we were even there.  Which is usually fine if you're having nice conversation with your date, but in this situation we were hungry and we needed our Shahi paneer fix, and we needed it NOW.  Once we got our water, it took another 5 minutes for the person to come back and take our order.  I remember longingly staring off into the distance, awaiting the return of our server, eyeing the other clients and noting the status of their orders.  And then, I sadly noted others (larger groups) who came in after us get their food first.

Ok, what is the big deal you ask? Fine. Maybe the food is so great that it's worth the bad service.  I've been to some hole in the wall dive bar restaurants with food so good it knocked my socks off.  

But it wasn't.  Now, before I get all critical about the food, I thought I should mention that hubby and I are seasoned Indian food consumers.  Him being of Indian decent and also regularly frequenting top rated Indian restaurants in Vancouver, Toronto, Ottawa and Montreal.

After all the anticipation, the food finally arrived. All I recall are mine and hubby's eyes slowly meeting over the Shahi paneer dish with the same odd expression and look of confusion on our faces.  We were both thinking the same thing:  Why does the paneer dish look like scrambled mucous? Where did the traditional paneer cubes in creamy sauce go?  What caused them to meet such a blended fate?  I hesitatingly poked around at the puddle, hoping hubby would be brave enough to try it first.  Luckily, my vegetarian thali was up next, so I would get to eat solid food instead of the paneer mush hubby was newly fated with.

The thali was forgettable, not unlike the unforgettable mush Paneer.  

Low price tag or not, it didn't satisfy our Indian food fix and we likely won't return.
