vfSyQNaDyenryrYIC4Nu6w After eating here, I only wish that Pushap were closer to my place rather than being 40-50 minutes away by metro because they serve up some bomb vegetarian food. Since I had nearly five hours to kill in between classes, I decided to take a spontaneous metro trip here because honestly I'd be more useful writing about food than trying to find a napping place in Burnside building.

I got here just as it opened, so the lunch rush didn't hinder my chances of getting back to class on time. Deciding that it would be basically sacrilege not to order the renowned thali the first time I came here according to other reviewers, I ordered that and chose chickpeas over lentils for one section of it (gotta contain the poops) and the paratha for my bread, which was fried. I also got a mango lassi, and I think the total bill including tax ended up being less than $10, which was a huge steal considering how much food they gave you.

The mango lassi was fresh, cold, and had a nice, natural mango flavor that wasn't overly sweet. The waiter later brought out the papadum, and while it's just a matter of personal preference that I don't really like it that much in general, the yogurt sauce that came along with it was really nice and counteracted the spices very well.

When the waiter presented me with the thali, I thought that I would be able to finish it rather easily, but I was so wrong. Everything was delicious, don't get me wrong, but it was also so filling that I almost had to request takeout. The onion dish was savory and sweet at the same time, and I think the tomato (?) in it brought an acidity to it that created another dimension of flavor entirely. The chickpea dish was amazing (probably due to my love of chickpeas in general), and it proved a great substitute for meat as the texture of the dish and how it was cooked were super filling. Finally, the cheese dish was super tasty and I would eat so much more of it if I could. All of the dishes were paired well with both the paratha, which was chewy, crispy, and hot goodness all rolled up into one, and the rice. I would without a doubt have tried their sweets if I had the stomach and energy left for it, but I was so stuffed that I had to wait a few minutes before I could pay the bill. *insert sweat drop here*

Sidenote: This is a perfect place to go to if you're a carnivore and have a grudge against vegetarians or the Meatless Mondays movement in general. It will change your mind about vegetarian food at a cheap price and is very satisfying, so I would encourage anyone to come here if they are extremely hungry and willing to try something different but delicious at the same time! Happy eating!
