VoHTd4QkPGWXl6IGI72isQ This was our last option of eating dinner to end the night on a Sunday. Our first option was a thai place which we love to go a lot because it's very quiet and we're the only people in there, but we miss the information regarding that they closed on sundays so with disappointment we decided to try out this place.

If you read my review on Indian Oven, this would be the second time I have eaten indian food and that was with the Guru Palace.

I was very hesitant to try this place because the parking lot was empty and it looked really closed but on their hours it said they were closed till 10pm which i was happy to see. As we pulled up and parked, we walked in and waited for a few seconds then we were seated a bit in the back near the empty buffet.

The place was really spacious, indian paintings on the walls and really nice indian theme type lights and decorations. In comparison to the Indian oven, that place is a bit  condensed and not so much space.

Our male waiter was very new at this and he was ethnically indian so we were fine with that and having an understanding of what it is like to be working as a busser/food server for the first time I brushed it off.

I was excited looking over the menu and different categories of foods they served. I wasn't sure if they also did an "all you can eat" buffet since there was an empty buffet next to us. Indian Oven does not have a food menu item because it is more of a buffet than a regular restaurant.

My boyfriend decided to go with the "complete dinner" in which he chose the tandori dinner. i know it comes with an appetizer and main course as well as a drink and desert. 

I figured I would go with the non vegetarion complete dinner since he was going for one. That way we would share and taste each other's meals and have an opinion of the food.

When we ordered our food, the waiter wasn't sure what we were talking about and looked confused. He had to look a the menu to see where we were pointing and then did a few gestures and nods. I was worried and unsure if he understood what we were saying. Language barrier is a problem here but what is really an issue is why was he working alone and there should have been someone who has worked here longer and been with him so that other person would have an idea of what we wanted.

As he left, we chatted for a bit and he comes back with something that looks like taco shells and a sauce. I was confused and thought it would be naan but surely I was a bit disappointed. They looked like taco shells but the taste and texture was completely different. It tasted like sesame seeds or maybe it was chips. The sauce itself was spicy hummus. I am not sure if everyone else who has been here before been served this but I was surprised.

  - 15 minutes later. Our new waiter comes back with two small dishes and puts them on my side of the table. My boyfriend looks at it and I thought "oh it must be appetizer for my dinner" but it didn't make sense as to why they didn't bring out my bf's appetizer as well. We shrugged and continued to talk as I tried a bit of each one which tasted pretty good.

-5 more minutes later the waiter comes out with my boyfriend's main course and after that we had the rest of our food which came in 5-10 minute intervals and he had his drink and I didn't get mine on top of that I was very thirsty since I drank all of my water. 

It was not good for this new male waiter to not notice when I did not have water in my cup and did not receive my drink that I ordered. I saw him walking around and seat a party of 3 people that were sitting right across from us. 

I had to flag an older women who looked like the wife of the owner and I might have to guess the owner was ethnically indian with a purple turban on his head wearing a purple stripped polo shirt eating at the bar.

I asked her that i needed water and I did not receive my drink that i ordered and expressed my concerns that only half of our food was here and we might be missing the other half. She didn't understand what we were talking about and was confused.

I got my drink but I ordered a coffee not tea but i let that go.

I tried to reason with my boyfriend and making him understand that our waiter is new and they didn't have someone more professional and fluent in speaking english and in their native tongue to be with this waiter tonight.

I must admit the food is good but customer service on a sunday night between the hours of 7-9 is very poorly done.

We got our check and my boyfriend didn't tip them because of the mix up - he also wrote that we didn't get the other half of our food along with a 0$ for a tip. Then we left.

Indian oven is much better because you can self serve what you want to eat for your dinner but if you prefer to have it served to you from the menu - I'd think twice on that.

Not sure if we'll come back but hey this was a sunday night and maybe if we come back on a different day and time it might be better.
