VoHTd4QkPGWXl6IGI72isQ I havta say this is one of the better Indian Places I have been to in PHX. I like this place, right after say, the recently opened India Grill and maybe even better than Tandoori Times, Scottsdale. 

Sadly, we couldnt sit on the floor seating as it was already occupied by someone else ( need to go back to sit on it). We sat on a table which actually had a real candle, and the lighting is actually romantic (I cant believe I am saying this about an Indian Place in PHX). 

I am not sure if people understand the differences between Indian foods, but here is a small primer. This place is an out-n-out North Indian Food place, more specifically they specialize in Punjabi Style food. And don't let anyone else make you believe that there is any other style of Indian food that is tastier and creamier than Punjabi Food and this is hands down the best Punjabi food I have eaten in a while. Oh, I am not biased (since I am from South India). and with that yeah the south Indian cuisine is totally different than North Indian, its like going to a different country and sadly not many restaurants in PHX serve 'real' south Indian food (try Cafe Krishna or woodlands). 
and yes what most y'all people eat is infact North Indian food. 

Now that we have cleared this outta way, lets talk about Guru Palace. The place is about $$, but it is worth it. We bought the 10 for 20 yelp deal, which helps ofc too. The staff is friendly and attentive. The girl loves samosas, so we got them and they were good. We ordered the complete dinner, and I feel its the best thing to get for the price. I got the vegetarian dinner and she got the tandoori dinner.Check the pictures. It came with tea which was fab and the yummiest Garlic naans I have eaten. The desert was the usual Gulab jamoon which was also one of the best I have eaten (Check Pics). She tells me her dinner was fab as well. It also came with white rice and mine came with 3 curries of my choice. I ordered Malai Kofta, Mutter Panneer and Dal Makkani. She got the okra curry which I swear by was one of the best I have eaten at an Indian place in a long while. 

I am definitely coming bak again and hopefully I get to seat on the floor seating and maybe then I give them 6/5 :) Lets celebrate good places like these
