VoHTd4QkPGWXl6IGI72isQ We've been eating Indian food elsewhere for the past year and now I could KICK myself! Hubs and I had an exceedingly rare date night with no picky eaters (read: 9 year old food snob and friends) we considered going to our "regular" place, but I was just not willing to dine in there.  During our "East Valley FEED ME" Yelp search, I remembered that I park in front of this place when I go to Michaels/Starbucks and dared my man to try a new place. I argued that I always see folks walking out of this place looking happy (during lunchtime) when they leave (usually a good sign, right?)  

So, off we went into the wild blue... oh wait, no, we just traveled down Baseline Rd. for a short jaunt and reached our destination. We arrived at what I would call "dinner time" but there was only 1 large group and 1 small table finishing up.  We're in Gilbert, folks... when it's dinner time, people swarm to restaurants and pack 'em solid for unholy hours on end.  Many a time we have left an establishment only to go to Plan B restaurant or even Plan C.  I'll admit it, I was cautiously, cautious.  As we ordered, I noticed others starting to move in. Before long, there were at least 5 or 6 other tables gaily ordering.

Before long, seriously, Sam, our waiter was TOTALLY on top of it... Sam arrives and since we are first-timers we asked him to guide us through the menu. What a GREAT tour it was!  We thought we'd just go with the regular go-to menu items... But Sam wasn't having any of that, Nooooooo. He wanted us to try what the regular clientele swore to be the best food on the menu. Obviously, these customers are not wrong! We devoured the suggested Vegetable Pakoras $4.99 (I'm not a sauce freak, but I recommend the sauce that comes with it!  Then Sam told us to try the Mixed Grill SIZZLER PLATE (under Tandoor Specials) Just, YES!  He had the chef spice it at a level 4-5, to be safe and it was perfect, sure we could've gone warmer, but nah!  Ohhhh Naa'n, how about some Garlic Naan $2.5, uhm YUMMY! It wasn't so heavy garlicky that vamps would cringe but it was enough to be flavorful. The Garlic Naan paired perfectly with what we know to be called Butter Chicken (or Chicken TIkka Masala) but this time with a twist... It was DARK MEAT instead of chicken breast.  We casually mentioned that cannot tolerate chicken breast so Sam ordered this other version (ask what it's called, because I can't remember) Sam earned a place in my heart, forever!  This waiter, Sam did something unheard of in today's culture... HE LISTENED and adjusted the order accordingly... whoa.


Just after our Tikka arrived and I was able to scoop the YUM YUM worthy rice on my plate, the aforementioned 9 year old calls our mobile in a panic.  "Where are you?? We're here, no one is home!"  Well, crud, dinner date over... With a quickness... The staff got us packed up as fast as lightening, got our check, but not before I said... I WANT ANOTHER ORDER TO GO! Did that slow down this restaurant, heck NO! I was packed up with a second order, an adjusted bill and OFF we went... 

I promise you Sam (and all you other amazing wait staff) I will be back, oh yes I will and next time, I'm bringing my posse. But please don't tell anyone in Gilbert about this place, I still want a table at dinner time, OK?!
