vSVDFUm5D-Xab3bAfeN2Xw Restaurant: Amaya the Indian Room
Cuisine: Indian
Location: East York
Address: 1701 Bayview Ave
Price Range: $15~

Extra information:

* Takes reservations
* Open for dinner only (5PM)
* Street parking
* Vegetarian option avail

Fresh Yoghurt Egg was filled with pomegranate juice

Prawn Papdi Chaat with cumin and chutney- this is one of their street food, similar to Mexican ceviche but with cooked shrimp.

Kale Pakora with tomato chutney, this is something I didn't think I would like but oh man was it delicious! It was crispy and seasoned just right, and I couldn't get enough of the tomato chutney that was in the jar.

Amaya Prawns, were juicy and bursting with flavor with green mango curry sided beetroot gel.

Pani Puri, which means fried bread + water was something I've never had before. Basically what you do is fill the fried bread (sitting on top) with the flavored water thats in the tiny jug and pop it in your mouth! It was really fun to eat, although a little messy.

Lamb with avocado icecream, was something I look forwarded to. Really? avocado ice cream with lamb? But yes really, avocado icecream was nutty and complimented the tender lamb pieces.

Gold Medal Scallops with pickled lemons, shallot confit and coconut snow. 

Eggplant steak, this was probably one of my top 3 favorite dishes. Served in mustard yogurt sauce and onion chip, eggplant was cooked just right the sauce was so fragrant.

Bacon and Tenderloin Kulcha & Chili Olive Naan, this is a must order! It's like I never knew naan bread until now where I stuck with plain or garlic- stuffed with bacon and tenderloin kulcha or chili olive (if you are a olive lover) this is naan on whole different dimension.

Chicken Korma with herb oil

Lamb Biryani, very cute presentation with all the biryani stuffed in Roasted butternut squash. The butternut squash is fully cooked so you can eat the insides too.

Paneer Tikka, served like piece of butter is a must if you love cheese. I also couldn't get enough of that coconut whip on the side.

Carrot Cake Mousse & Kulfi Icecream for dessert

Summary: It's no doubt I enjoyed all the food served at Amaya the Indian Room. There were so many innovative dishes that I didn't even know about and it's always nice to walk into a restaurant and try something new other than your ordinary butter chicken (not that there is anything wrong with good butter chicken!).
The dishes are a little pricier than your ordinary Indian restaurants, but sometimes we deserve a treat and the quality ingredients do make a big difference- so drop by Amaya the Indian Room and give them a try, cause I am def going back!
