VuW81oFt6-X9-vMYFYJY6Q Visited on 6th Aug night and I noticed few uncommon events that one expects in a typical Indian restaurant. Here are my observations and you can make your own judgement - 

1. Due to long weekend, Chawla's were short staffed and were completely taken aback with the amount of crowd Vs. Staff in Kitchen and waiters attending customers. 

2. The Manager Lady seemed severely stressed and was being verbally abused by angry customers who had to wait for probably longer (45 mins) as opposed to 30 mins that was promised. The manager was clearly being the victim by many angry customers. My humble suggestion to this manager is to give customers 50-60 mins wait when they inquire the estimated wait times, so the customers can make best use of their time. Also, be very firm with abusive customers. 

3. The food was make by a chef who was made by God's own hand (a pukka foodie reviewing :-)), especially the chicken biryani was the best I ever ate. I am going again today :-)

4. We waited for about 45-50 mins but looking at the abuse the manager and one other waitress were getting, we just decided to be patient. After tasting our food, we all unanimously decided that every second of our wait time was well worth. Personally, I would wait in line for an hour (hope it never happens) to eat at Chawla's.

5. Prices were very reasonable and the services, presentation and ambience were excellent. 

Management: Please order a sign board that says - " We reserve the right to decline service to anyone we feel".

I still can't forget that few customers were so foul mouthed and abused the poor manager lady that night. Manager was at a minor fault for giving a bit less wait time and I understand (being a customer and having my 5 year old on my lap all the time standing) but customers have no right to abuse. May be it's just a particular kind of people that think they can get rowdy but I am not used to seeing this back in California. I would have asked the people to back off v v firmly. 

Good luck, Chawla's
