wMN68wTTlu8hADAF3FkKTw Would give it negative stars if that is even a thing. Went there on Christmas...given it was one of the few places open. 
Short story: Worst chicken biryani ever, rude and crass customer service, charged us more than what the bill was. 
Long story: The server who sat us down was a soft spoken person. So far so good. Then comes in a loud, over the top, trying to be cool Indian dude to take our order. Says with attitude that they don't have fish pakora....fakes writing down our menu and then makes us repeat it three times. We let it go but by this time, the arrogance of this person is clearly visible. Since we had a toddler with us, we order pulao for the toddler. Mr. Arrogance then asks us the spice level (since we have a toddler with us, we explicitly say mild for the pulao)...to which he arrogantly says he meant about all the other dishes we ordered. (His tone sounded like we have never eaten at restaurants and apparently don't know how to order food off a menu). Anyway, it takes a long time for our main course to be served. The biryani is a mushy mix of rice and chicken curry. Small portions of food for the price.
Worst was the behavior of the host...he made snide rude remarks to one of our friends, taunted our friends's wife about what a pity it is that she was married to our friend, repeatedly kept asking the same question about where we are from, made arrogant comments about how we were kicked out of California and hence landed in Scottsdale, made an attempt at hugging the toddler without anybody's permission. There is a whole lot more nonsense and misbehavior that im not even writing down (yelp already says it's a long review). At the end of the whole drama, when we voiced our displeasure, his last snide comment was "thank god I fed you". We also witnessed him misbehaving with the server who first sat us down. Dude, if you are the owner who did this: no words for you. If you are the owner and that guy was one of your staff: it would be shameful if you still have him on payroll.
