wPl5OzBIXBCAfhGnymhjXw This review was pretty difficult to make because (a) I went at the exact moment it opened it's doors to the public for the first time (b) the way the owner (I think) handled our situation at the end.
I feel like my review may be unfair since I am reviewing it from their first day of opening. This is why I will visit again and based on that experience I will re-review it. However, this current review is solely based on my one time visit.
Upon entering i really liked the modern decor they had, however I could instantly tell that they were a bit disorganized as all the servers were frantically pacing back and forth confused.
I was immediately given a table and told that I should go up to the counter to order. This was a problem because a lot of the menu items I did not understand as they did not provide any descriptions and so I had to try several times to get a servers attention for some clarifications.
When placing my order the lady writing my order down agreed to make some alterations I wanted t make to my order ( I ordered the Lamb paratha and my brother chose the pau bhaji and mango lassi).
 10 minutes in and the restaurant was full. I then began to notice that people that came in after us got their food before us. The mango lassi still hadn't arrived 20 minutes later and while waiting the servers must have come to our table about 5 times with someone else's food, and about 7 times (not kidding!) to ask to repeat our orders.
I think the main cause for this order confusion was that they did not have a table number system and therefore failed to remember which table ordered what.
45 minutes later the owner came up to us with a complimentary thali to apologize for the wait, which we really appreciated but since it was not what I ordered and wanted I was still inpatient and frustrated. 1 hour later my brothers pau bhaji was served so I basically had to sit there and watch him eat. By the time he was done mine finally arrived but they failed to carry out the alteration that I specifically asked for. After sending it back I waited another 15 minutes and mine arrived again, but yet it was not exactly what I asked for. Despite me starving to death I sent it back again and by this time I was furious. Finally mine arrived 10-12 minutes later. The lassi was a no show.
Now to the taste:
The thali was ok. I have definitely had better and is not something I would order during my re-visit. My brother seemed impartial to the pau bhaji and my lamb paratha wasn't bad, although I literally scarfed it down and barely tasted it since I was starving.
The owner was really apologetic and insisted to give our whole meal on the house. That was a nice gesture, which definitely made me consider re-visiting sometime later when they have more time to get a hang of everything.
     I can definitely see this restaurant doing well once they are all organized as they do have potential due to their unique menu items and experienced chefs.
