Wrd9LAbc8IOoAS5H6uw9sw I've been going to Delhi Palace for almost 15 years. The quality is always excellent.

Update 2-14-2016: I'm downgrading my 5 star review from Aug 2015 to 3 stars. The food is still excellent, but they have recently gotten new service staff that at best they can be unfriendly and at other times down right rude. There is one server in particular who is just awful.

On one occasion we were there and this awful server was walking an elderly couple towards the back wall to be seated, a pretty far distance from the buffet. You could tell that the couple was having a hard time moving around and the elderly woman asked if they could sit closer to the buffet and the server said no and sat them down. The place was practically empty and there was plenty of seating closer to the buffet. After they sat down, the elderly man asked a different server if they could move closer and this server reseated them.

Another time we went there and restaurant was even less busy. The same rude server tried to seat us in the buffet area where we'd be next to all the traffic at the buffet line as well as all the customers coming in and out. The main large dining room was practically empty, so we asked if we could sit there. The server wasn't happy, but begrudgingly took us in and then attempted to seat us at the table nearest the entrance to the kitchen and the hall to the restrooms. We asked again if we could sit somewhere else, and he put us in the farthest corner of the restaurant surrounded by high chairs, were we had a hard time getting in and out. 

Other times we've been there and we'll ask a question and get a short response, or greet someone and get a cool response or no response at all.

The staff that has been there a long time still recognizes us and greets us warmly or gives us a friendly smile. But the newer servers act like they are doing us a favor by letting us eat there. And even though the food is good, the service doesn't make for a pleasant experience anymore.

So I give the food 5 stars and the new servers 1 star, for an average of 3 stars.
