x3-d_7Bgj4sYVks1xiq8kQ What's today's lesson? Always give the ratings the benefit of the doubt. 

Inchin Bamboo Garden has an average of three stars at the time of this review. After having lunch there, I say that's rather accurate. 

I wish a raving review was deserving, because their menu looks wonderfully appetizing with the numerous vegetarian options. Five stars for the planning and thought that went into designing the menu. I wanted to order one of everything veggie. The descriptions were THAT good. Unfortunately the dishes were not as flavorful as their descriptions and a few of them were far too oily. 

Usually my all time favorite appetizer is spring rolls. There's something about them that makes me want to snack on and on. 

IBG's appetizer consisted of:
3 piece crispy spring rolls filled with mixed vegetables (no tofu) for $8. Side sauce wasn't served at first and when I requested some, a lightly sweet starchy gelatin looking sauce was brought out. Yuck! I ate the rolls plain.

There were several dirty bottled sauces on the table but I didn't dare try any of them for fear of lurking bacteria. Shouldn't restaurant workers know they're suppose to wipe down the table condiments??!

The best item:
6 piece vegetable tulips appetizer for $9. 
Flaky crunchy shells filled with tangy and spicy mixed vegetables. What a knockout! They were like deconstructed spring rolls that moved on up to the east side into a deluxe apartment in the sky-high-yyy.

Also very delicious was the garnish that topped the  
6 piece steamed dumplings for $10.

The hakka noodles were good, but not flavorful and I probably should have requested spicy. Hakka is a thin eggless noodle that tastes like lo mein. It came with shredded vegetables for $12.

Two items that could've been better:
1. Chili bean eggplant with onion and hot bean sauce for $12. Good, but not fantastic. Too bad they didn't drain off some of the oil.
2. Cauliflower manchurian with cilantro, onion, chili, and celery for $12. The seasonings fell flat in this dish and it relied on soy sauce for flavor. This was more oily than the eggplant and gave me a headache. 

Two Disappointments:
1. Singing tangy vegetables mixed with tofu for $13. I don't know if they ran out of veggies or what because on the plate with the skewers were rice and fries. FRIES?! On the same platter as rice. Who does that? Also it sat in a pool of brown sauce.
2. Crispy chili potatoes for $9 were supposed to be tangy, spicy, potato strips with scallions. Crispy? Not.
Tangy? Not.
Spicy? Not.

So a firm 3 stars for IBG.
