x3-d_7Bgj4sYVks1xiq8kQ I drove to Inchins on their very first day and without a doubt it was very crowded. I had to leave the place without any dinner because I have a 7 month old son and he would not allow me to wait for a long time. No complains there. 
I came back on the upcoming Wednesday and the place had mild traffic. The service was terrific and we were served our food quickly. Service was very good and I commend the place for that. Not too sure how efficiently they would function in extremely high traffic. 

Moving on to the food: 
1) Not too spicy as you get it in India (but I dont mind that part) 
2) Generous portion sizes 
3) Good menu choices (vegetarian and non vegetarian) 
4) Prices: Not on the modest side. $10 for a starter is a little bit high for me. 
5) Additional sauces on the side are a big plus and improve the taste of the food.

Overall, I would recommend this place to anyone who would like to try out something new for a change. But if you expect spicy indianized chinese, this is not for you.

EDIT: Visited this location again. The staff was pleasant as usual, but the food is downright boring. The Chineese bhel was probably fried in used oil and the Chicken manchurian lacked any flavor. Not going back to this place. Boring...yawn!

EDIT 01/13/2017: Somehow I still keep thinking this place has improved, but it keeps getting worse by the day. Read the sauce bottles, as in, when they were manufactured. I had the chilli garlic sauce which was manufactured in Feb 2014 on the table (just a couple of days ago i.e.). Remember the funny Heinz ketchup ad's back in India..these sauces had the same consistency and would not flow in any direction. The point being, they were 200% expired and still were there. Had the honor of tasting Chilli Chicken main entree and guess what, there was no chilli in it. Not even a sliver of chilli hopes. Now I usually dont rant about a place this frequently, but paying 60 bucks for dinner (for 4 dishes) and not getting 1 thing right makes me really frustrated. If you are really craving for some fusion cuisine, try Panda express. They are lot better than this so called restaurant.
