X46mymnTc04uhlXPqmq7qw Dindigul Thalappakattu Biriyani has a well deserved review in the Toronto Globe and Mail as the best Biriyani in Toronto.  (http://www.theglobeandmail.com/life/food-and-wine/restaurant-reviews/dindigul-thalappakattu-biriyani-the-best-biryani-in-toronto/article23553927/)!!!

Chef Anbu Panbarasan makes just one thing.  As Curly in City Slickers said, "the one thing!!" - small grain rice Biriyani

Biriyani is widely served as a special occasion dish from the Middle East to India.

South Indian Biriyani, specifically Tamil heartland Biriyani, is different.  It is slightly tangy and spicy and not oily or dry with separate grains of rice preferred by some.

First it is moist.
Second the rice is NOT Basmati but a short grain rice known as Seeraga Samba!
Third the spice includes a rare herb (if you will) is Rambe.  This leaf is rich in aroma compound 2-acetyl-1-pyrroline - that gives Basmati its flavor. But this leaf is also an antispasmodic.  So gorging the delicious Dindigul Thalappakattu style Biriyani feels lighter on the gut!  You will not need the antacids,and water needed to keep other Biriyanis down!!

You can expect the simple place to be crowded.  There may be a wait since the Biriyani is cooked on site and a batch may be in prep when you order.  The unique spice mix, mutton or the chicken is cooked slowly with the rice. The Chef Anbu adds ingredients by hand at the right time to cook them in sequence.  The overall product is ready to serve steaming hot.  It is slightly tangy and quite mild for the indian palate.  Comes with a tandoori chicken leg piece, a  boiled egg, and a thick raitha!!!

The cardamom tea is to die for!!

IF you want a unique, authentic Biriyani - you want to go to this place.  The best in Toronto.

Service and ambience: The place is still at the old location of Joe's bar.  The place is small.  The chef does all the cooking.  He has one person the help.  The service is personal, courteous but limited by the size of the place.

NO BIG SIGNS OUTSIDE - A temp banner announces the place,  No ad.

He does one thing.  Makes great Biriyani.  If you like his style of this dish please get the word out!!

Try it, when you are seeking something different from all the Basmati Biriyanis in Toronto......
