xA6L2w_TlbxHubb1xeBE8w The price tells me the food is upscale, but my senses disagreed.

On my quest to eat at every Indian restaurant in Pittsburgh and perhaps even the world, I knew I would eventually have to be drug out of my city and into the suburbs to tick a few off my list.

This branch of Tamarind is owned by the same person(s) who manage the restaurant by the same name in Oakland. The Greentree location is more enjoyable in ambiance, largely because there is more space comparatively. The dining room is pretty and relaxing, with dark wood accents and tone-on-tone muted green striped walls. The server that helped us was excellent at doing so, attentive, and friendly.

Where things fell short for me was with the food. I enjoy a meal typically at medium spiciness or in the range of 5-6 if on a scale of 10. This is a pretty typical scale around these parts and this is the way I always order, but the Navaratan Korma that I ordered came at around an 8. I have nothing to prove by eating spicy food in terms of asserting my own toughness, so food this spicy only proves to muddle the beautiful mix of ingredients in the sauce to me. About the only other note I could really taste was a lot of sweetness, which sometimes happens with this dish. I wasn't impressed with this one though because they use a mix of vegetables, some of which come prepared either from frozen or from canned when the way this restaurant describes Navaratan's ingredients is as "garden fresh vegetables." Navaratan translates loosely as 9 jewels and so the dish traditionally has a mix of 9 vegetables, fruits, and nuts. This misstatement was a disappointment and was misleading, as I would not have ordered the dish if it had not been for that description.

My husband's food experience was a bit better. He got the mysore masala dosa and it was delicious. It doesn't beat the Udipi dosa, but it was the second best dosa in Pittsburgh that I've found.

We ended the meal with galub jamun, but I would suggest you skip it or try something different for dessert. It was pretty forgettable and the pieces had no texture other than mushiness.

I'm not really sure why my experience was so different from all of the 5-star ratings I'm seeing from users before me. While this wasn't a bad experience, I certainly wouldn't drive out to Greentree for a special trip. Pittsburgh is fortunate to have so many Indian restaurants, and there are far better ones out there where you can spend your time.
