XH46cVevXAwApGLVuZ3fqw Oh boy. Here we go.

I am a huge fan of the Saffron Patch, I will say this now.  Their buffet is outstanding. I have yet to eat at any better buffet of any variety. They are but 10 minutes from the Raj Mahal, and I won't give up eating there any time soon.

However.

The Raj Mahal blew my expectations out of the water. I have eaten here 4 times now, once at the buffet and 3 times through carry-out. The buffet is the one thing holding this place back from 5 stars. Yes, the buffet is super cheap. It is every day at the same time, even weekends, and their website offers coupons to get a dollar off the buffet price, bringing down to like 6.50. Pretty cool.

Their buffet was kinda sad, however. The building is tiny and cramped and you have to sit uncomfortably close to other patrons. The wait staff is very, very nice, almost on the verge of being human doormats(which I have seen being taken advantage of by some less than stellar patrons. For shame!), but it does not make up for the fact that the food offered in the buffet is made with less effort than what they serve for carry-out. I've never been one to take food from a buffet I didn't intend to completely eat, as I know my tastes pretty well, but I was saddened. I actually passed on Naan. Yeah, I don't know how that happens either. It was just...sad. You offer Palek Paneer by the bucket you say? I must be in heaven.

Not so much. Le sigh.

But get this food for take-out and it's like an entirely different restaurant. I can't even explain it. First off, they have Bhature, which is a puffed bread ball that is so very tasty. So good, and so bad for you. for our dinner, I took home Kadai Beef, which was spiced at "Medium" and was perfect for me. The tomato flavor was light and didn't overpower the onion or peppers in the sauce. Oh man, my mouth is watering right now.
My girlfriend got the Pepper Beef, which also was amazing. I don't know if there is a different cook in the evening or if they have different quality requirements, but wow. The flavor was intense and savory. 

The meals through take-out are pretty inexpensive. I think we spent 18 last time for a ton of food. I mean, my one dish made three meals. I happily ate it for three meals in a row, too. 

Yes, eat here for take-out, and yes, skip the buffet. You won't be upset following this little rule.

Also, have a heart and tip carry-out. Those guys make nothing.
