xhc-bSw2Cz2Inskzjve3Rg Our group of four came here for the Sunday buffet, $11.99 per person before tax and tip.

All I can say is WOW! This place is seriously amazing! I'll echo the previous reviewers and say that there is great authenticity in their dishes as far as flavor and spice.

The buffet spread is impressive, here are just an idea of what to expect:

Appetizers: Papadum, Aloo tikki, butter Naan, a red onion pancake (Uthappam), spicy fried Tandoori Cauliflower,  baby corn jalfrezi - think red, lightly fried spicy baby corn, and fried piece of spicy chicken - reminiscent of a dry General Tso's without the heavy batter.

Others: Iceberg Salad (nicely presented) and a vegetable soup that contained sliced green peppers and cabbage, a sour taste, reminds me a bit of Borscht. They also had a 6-item chutney station.

Entrees: Bhindi Masala (an okra, tomato based curry dish), Tandoori chicken (bone-in), a shrimp curry, Tawa fish, Chicken Tikka Masala, Paneer Tikka Masala, and Vegetable Dum Biryani (or as our table called it, the Surprise Rice as the coloful Basmati rice sat atop of the hidden seasoned mix vegetables buried underneath).

Dessert: Gajar Ka Halwa (Sweetened grated carrots with cashews and raisins), mango ice cream, and this dessert that that had the appearance of fine thin glass noodle, was even sweeter than the Gajar, also with cashews, which the servers explained was made from seaweed.

The mango ice cream deserves it's own shout out. It's simply the best mango ice cream I've ever had! It's supremely rich and buttery in texture, also contained chopped pistachios sprinkled throughout. The nutty taste and texture gave respite from the velvety consistency.

I'm sure I'm missing a few items as there was easily more than 2 dozen of variety of dishes at the buffet station. Everything was delicious! I honestly can't remember a bad dish.

All the utensils and stations were kept clean, the plates and dishes gleamed white. The dining room was also spotless, just like the service we were provided during our visit. Our water glass was always filled. At the end we didn't know you paid up at the cash register, so we lingered for a bit after we way overstuffed ourselves, but never did we feel rushed from service either, as our water glasses continued to be filled.

Each dish was prepared as if it was an individual order, you can definitely taste the care and pride in the craft. 

I suggest even the seasoned Indian cuisine order-ers to try their buffet as there were some items I have not seen at other establishments, and newbies to come try their buffet, see what suits your taste, and the next time you can order off the menu with confidence.
