xihEFvukZaHPwCPMNR2qRA My fastest ever review.  Just came back from Amaya and had to type my review while it was still fresh in my mind. 

My usual go-to Chipotle, had a massive lineup.  Amaya usually smells good and there is never a lineup.

There I stood, like Robert Frost, in 'The Road Not Taken' trying to decide which one to go to.

I chose Amaya.

Note: 'never a lineup' is a BAD sign.  Should have paid attention.

I stood at the counter waiting for the two women who were chatting to come and serve me. The one woman approached the counter slowly. 

If I had to name the look on her face, it would be "Oh great, another paying customer."

I ordered Biryani Rice w/ Butter Chicken and Lamb Curry.  Also asked for Garlic Naan and picked up a mango lassi.

They were making another two orders (even though there weren't any other customers visible) and the woman was wondering why I was waiting to pay for my food.  I didn't know it was my order because they didn't get it right.  So I waited as they made my order.

I kept repeating to myself "Keep in mind, it's a food court."  (Should that be an excuse?)

$23.06.
Yes, $23.06. For one person. At a food court.  More than I'm used to paying.

OK, I put that aside and decided I should probably get it to go.  The girl at the counter put a styrofoam to go container on my tray.  I told her I wanted it to go.  She sighed loudly and told me that she gave me a container.  I asked if she wouldn't mind putting it in.  I took her subsequent sigh to mean "I do mind, but I will begrudgingly do it," and  proceeded to take my tray to where they prepare the food.  She spoke quietly to the other woman, often turning her back to me.  Both of them kept looking up at me.  I couldn't hear what they were saying, it wasn't in any language I knew, but I've been on this planet long enough and can read body language enough to know when someone is talking about me.  

If you want to complain about your customers, please be more subtle. 

I kept repeating to myself "Keep in mind, it's a food court."

Got the food home. 

Biryani Rice - Adequate.  My mantra. "It's a food court."

Butter Chicken - Chicken tasted like it was cut and dropped into the sauce. Didn't taste like it had been marinating in it.  Butter chicken is pretty much a standard, but this tasted fairly typical. 

Lamb Curry - The lamb was tender - it had been marinating.  However for a lamb curry it lacked much spice.  When I asked if it was spicy, I was told 'medium'.  Mild is more accurate. Bland would be even more accurate.

Mango lassi - tasted very sweet - as in too sugary.

Garlic Naan - Was good. Honestly, if someone screwed this up I'd be surprised.

Overall:
First Visit and Last Visit.  I always try to visit a place more than once, but once was enough.

Food was too salty and too greasy for my tastes.  But this is a food court and salt and oil are kings in the food court. 

I ate less than half of the food.  Which is hard to do - when you pay $23 you kind of feel obliged to eat the food to get your money's worth.

Nah, not today.  Not this meal.

If you like paying too much money for indian food, this is your place.

Save your cash. $23 will buy you a jar of Pataks' butter chicken sauce and lots of chicken.

I really got the impression I was disturbing the employees by showing up and buying food.  Don't worry, I will be sure not to do that again.

And much like in Frost's  "The Road Not Taken":
Two roads divegred in a wood, and I-
I took the one less traveled by,
And that has made all the difference.

The difference being a shitty meal. There are plenty of better choices for Indian food nearby.

End of story.
