xNK43KL8NRnoN9azyyrJ6A Near the Mississauga corporate area, you have a vast amount of fast food chain stores that offer little to distinguish themselves from the other stores and then you have these small little local stores that try to compete.  This area has tons of Asian offerings from Indian, Chinese, and the plentiful Hakka cuisine... or all 3 in this restaurant.  This is new and just opened a month ago.  Does this guy compete against the ever popular Eddie's, Ming Room, Asian Wok n Roll, and Hakka Magic... YES!

For starters, the plaza is dingy ... the strip mall is old and difficult to get in and out.  If anything, I would be hesitant to come here because of the looks.  Once you step past the giant pot holes in the parking lot, the interior of the restaurant is SUPER clean and modern. It's bright and spacious thanks to the well spaced tables and big front windows that face west.  I can see this place being a bit on the dark side at night time since most of the decor is black (including the ceiling).  

Service here stands out much better than the 4 other restaurants. When I entered, the front person actually held open the second door, greeted me with a smile in perfect English, and sat me down ... all in 30 seconds.  He even said he'll keep an eye out for my dining partner who is coming in after me.  We were given our menus immediately and clean glasses of water arrived at our table a minute later.   The tables was spotless.  It helps to be a brand new restaurant but it was apparent the staff was cleaning up immediately after each table was finished.  This included a full wipe down of the table surface with a spray.

When I opened up the lunch menu, I was shocked at the sticker price.  Not because it was high... but because it was MUCH lower than the other restaurants.  Asian Wok n Roll, Ming Room, and Eddie's all hover at the $9 mark for lunch.  This place has their set lunch menu starting at $5.95 up to $6.95!!! This includes things such as Thai green curry chicken or seafood, General Tso Chicken or seafood, lots of vegetarian options, and shrimp with lobster sauce.  How they make money... I don't know!  So the selection was plentiful and affordable... big bonus for them over the other restaurants.

As for the taste, I would say this is possibly the best out of the bunch.  My chilli garlic vegetables were crispy, bright green, and fresh.  No over cooked, boiled to death, or dying in a puddle of oil.  I do not have the dreaded MSG headache so it tells me they don't use it or use it sparingly.  The flavour had a great punch of garlic without being too over the top spicy.  I would say the spice level is closer to mild for me.   My colleagues Thai green curry chicken was large with lots of coconut milk used to make it very creamy.  He really enjoyed it as it also had good amount of eggplant and green beans in it too.  He said it medium hot to him but still had great flavour.  It wasn't heavy.  The crazy part of this... these plates arrived to our table in less than 7 minutes from the moment we ordered!!

So for under $16, we had two really big lunches served in a nice clean place with great service.  I know they're brand new but it's clear they're here to take away business from the other Hakka restaurants.  If they keep it up, I'm sure they will.  Let's hope this place doesn't start to cheap out and stay the same so I can keep the 4 star rating here!
