xYonRlhqbwdHLhPs1PLdCg This review is for the lunch buffet only.  

My group of 6 showed up at 11:30.  We possibly could have had 10+.  So we picked a place & time that could accommodate us if we swelled up to 10+.  As it turned out, the others were too hung over to join us for lunch... thanks to the iHeartRadio Festival.  So we stayed a party of 6. 

Right at opening, we were the only ones there.  So, we were greeted and seated immediately.  I noticed right away the lack of scents.  Maybe the food wasn't ready??  But oh no, the food was already in the warming trays and we were invited to partake.  Hmmm...not sure I wanted to.  But, we were already there.  So...

I got a smattering of everything to try.  There wasn't much...goat curry, chicken tandoori, chicken tikka masala, chili chicken, about 4 vegetarian dishes, & salad.  The waitress brought us a basket of regular naan & a basket of garlic naan.  They were warm & delicious.  The rest of the food though was rather lackluster.  There was no depth of flavors that I've come to expect from Indian food.   The spices were very subtle and left me unsatisfied. 

Those cupcakes that everyone else had raved about should make up for some of that dissatisfaction, right?  I saw some behind a case and asked our waitress how/if we could have some.  She said no.  Those were just for display and that the chef no longer makes/offers cupcakes.  Then why display it and tease me like that?!?!  Not cool :/

To make things worse, the chef stormed out of the kitchen at the end of our meal and reprimanded an employee  for mislabeling the food.  That was an uncomfortable moment.  My aunt actually pulled the chef aside and told him that that was an inappropriate way to handle the situation.  The chef agreed and apologized.  He explained that he has had trouble with this particular employee for months and has had enough. 

Let's recap...lackluster food, no cupcakes, employee drama, & $13.99/person.  Other reviewers paid $9.99 just a few weeks ago...higher price on weekends???  Who knows.  Didn't bother to find out.  We won't be coming back any time soon.
