xYonRlhqbwdHLhPs1PLdCg Not quite the substitute for my normal Indian food haunt...

I found Paradise India really just OK.  I normally go to an Indian buffet that is literally on the same street of Sahara but a few miles away.  I thought Paradise India would be a good change in case I got tired of the other one.  But...I don't know about that.

Wifey and I had a lunch date on a Friday so we decided to visit Paradise India.  Upon entering, we were surprised that the place wasn't busy like the other Indian buffet we go to.  There were maybe only 4 or 5 tables taken.  Place was quiet!  Where is the TV?  Where is the Bollywood music & dancing?  It was like you could hear a pin drop.

Took a few minutes to get seated because no one was at the front near the entrance.  And once we did get seated there was no silverware near the plates so we had to wait for the basket to be refilled.

At the usual Indian buffet I frequent, every time I enter there is always the smells of spices, bread, something wafting in the air.  Is it my mistake that at Paradise India they had none of that?  For Indian curries/stews, don't most of them take a ton of time to make?  Hmmm...made me wonder, any of the stuff on the buffet line actually made FRESH today??  I'm no expert on Indian food but something was just...OFF.

I suspect my freshness meter was somewhat correct.  Almost everything tasted FLAT, like no burst of flavor or spices like I get from other Indian food I've tasted.  The flavors were muted, like these were leftovers from yesterday.  I of course can't prove that but the excitement of enjoying the spice just wasn't there.  It was all kinda MEH.  Chicken Tikka Masala was really kind of plain, the Tandoori Chicken was near cold and was dry.  The Spinach & Cheese was very lackluster, barely any flavor.  The Goat Biryani was OK but parts of the rice were either undercooked or had been sitting around the heat too long.  And really, where the HELL are the samosas?  I'm not trying to be funny, I like me some samosas with chutney or tamarind sauce!  Thought they would be standard fare.

Most disappointing for me?  The naan bread!!  Why didn't each table get a fresh baked basked of naan bread included with their buffet meal??  It was sitting on the buffet line instead...more limp than Ron Jeremy after party.  Just kinda SAD.  It was no fun trying to dip almost rubbery naan bread into lifeless entrees.  At that point we just ate to get a meal in.

The chef/owner approached us and asked us how everything was...and I mean I just couldn't.  I couldn't tell him it was all very bland for me...maybe it was an off day?  Maybe the regular cook was out?  I just don't know.  So we just kinda told him it was pretty good and left it at that.

We enquired about the cupcakes, which are strange because well...not many Indian places actually serve CUPCAKES.  They looked pretty but we were taken aback when we found out each one was like $3 I think.  I kinda figured one would be included with the buffet meal but that's OK.  Perhaps we'll try them on another visit?  If we do indeed visit again...

Price was on par with other Indian buffets in the area, at $9.99 per person plus tax.  Service for us was very slow though, took a while for plates to be cleared and water to be refilled.  It's probably because a server is hardly ever present in the dining area, ours kept only going back and forth to the kitchen, mainly staying in the kitchen.  

Sorry Paradise India, thought you would be a welcome alternative to our usual Indian haunt...but I guess we'll have to stay with them for now to get our Indian fix.  Keep trying!
