xYonRlhqbwdHLhPs1PLdCg Samosas, palak paneer, basmati rice, garlic naan, and gourmet cupcakes. Wait, what?! 

This is a great new Indian restaurant- they have a lunch buffet but definitely go for the good stuff at dinner. The chef is from OKC and is famous for his lamb, so keep those dishes in mind. They also have a case of cupcakes available for dessert, and their pastry chef is from the Venetian. Everything I've had here is great.

PAPADUM: Served at the table as you order, light and crispy with a vibrant mint chutney and a syrupy tamarind dipping sauce. This is gluten free, by the way.
VEGGIE SAMOSAS: Three to an order, pairs great with the mint chutney. This has a fresh, flaky exterior and a savory filling. I like that this version isn't hard and crunchy as elsewhere.
GARLIC NAAN: Four pieces of fresh, blistered naan with garlic and fresh herbs. Always gotta get a side of this.
PALAK PANEER: Generous portion of spinach and homemade cheese. I like to get one meat and one vegetable entree, and this is my go-to order. Really liked the version here, order medium for a bit of heat.
**LAMB SPECIAL**: This dish didn't have a name, but it's four lamb chops, marinated overnight and grilled fresh in a skillet with sliced peppers and onions, with a side of basmati rice. It's like an indian take on fajitas, served sizzling hot, and enough for two to share. This is some of the best lamb I've ever had, wonderfully seasoned and not gamey. This should be a permanent menu item, I'd definitely come back for it.
CUPCAKES: They had two flavors available on my visit, both had a moist cake and a rich filling. Frostings weren't too sweet, and was clearly real butter cream. An indulgent end to a heavy meal, but so worth the calories. 

Service was attentive and friendly throughout our visit, making recommendations and providing constant refills. Location is new and clean, buffet area for lunch looks large. Chef came out toward the end of our meal, told us about his background and thanked us for our visit. Looking forward to coming back frequently, location is super convenient.
