xYonRlhqbwdHLhPs1PLdCg I wanted to like this place since it popped up on my radar. I love Indian food and I'm always trying to find different ones to eat at. This place had a few issues. 

First, they should update their hours to show that they are closed before 5pm, not sure what time they open for lunch though which was annoying because I came at 4 and I was disappointed to see they were closed, however I don't take that into account when I rated them. I left and did something else and came back an hour later. I walked in at 5:05 and the waitress (young white woman with red lipstick)  was talking to another worker and it took her a few seconds to acknowledge us. She sat us down and didn't seem to know much about their menu and did not seem very happy to be there. The restaurant was completely empty, but there were many smears on our glass tabletop and when I went to the bathroom to wash my hands, there was paper towels and trash on the floor. Our food came out about 30 mins after we ordered (lamb tandoori and kids burger and fries) and the lamb chops were under seasoned and a bit dry tbh. I was very disappointed. I had to ask for rice with it because she forgot to bring it out the first time I asked her. I was really annoyed at this point because I wanted to get some cupcakes for my kid (which were in a display close by) and she said their pastry chef was out of town for a few weeks. Like, why even display those if ur pastry chef is gone for that long?? 

The kids burger patty was hard and not juicy at all and the fries were limp. The portion for the lamb was average as I took leftovers home, although I had to get up and try to find her to ask for a box, as at this point I hadn't seen her for 10 mins after I was done eating. The mango lassi was amazing though!! Tart, sweet and perfect consistency. 

The other waitress who was there today (and a tall biggish guy who didn't introduce himself-maybe he was the owner?) were super nice though. 

There is nothing worse than seeing a place with amazing reviews and having a less than average experience.
