xZtKQ6AFLh9P7rfmjvVjhw There are hardly words to describe the deliciousness of this restaurant. 

I have heard about the Fry Bread House, as most of us probably have, because this little local restaurant has won a James Beard award which is.... odd. Usually the words 'James Beard' evoke imagery of white tablecloths, waiters with the contraptions to clean crumbs from the table, ridiculous numbers of forks for various purposes..... well, this isn't that place (at all). This restaurant is (temporarily) located in the old Pancho's buffet, which, as you know, was a very classy establishment (heh). They did pretty much nothing to make the space their own.... The buffet area is sectioned off with a sheet hanging from the ceiling, some of the extra rooms house other businesses (Native American art anyone?), and the floors/walls/tiles/etc are all the same. This is understandable as they have announced that they are moving (again) to 7th ave and Camelback (ish) early next year. 

Anyway.... the husband and I came here with the International Supper Club on Wednesday night. The clientele was eclectic to say the least, but that is part of the charm. They have the menu posted on the wall, you order at the counter, and they deliver your food to the table. We had the cheese crisp, the green chili combo taco, and the butter and chocolate fry bread to share. The cheese crisp is a waste of time... it isn't bad, but it isn't anything special.... definitely skip (especially for the price... 6$... almost as much as the tacos). The taco was... incredible. It was love at first bite. The green chili pork was slightly spicy, soft, and full of flavor. The beans were delicious (and I don't typically like refried beans at all). The combination of those with cheese, lettuce, and fry bread (and a little of their house hot sauce) was unlike anything I have ever put in my mouth. This cannot be compared to fry bread you get at the fair... this is so much better. I want another.... like right now. 

So what could top the taco? The chocolate and butter fry bread, that's what. The husband was expecting Hershey's syrup.....this was about as far from Hershey's as you can get. Rich, melty, decadent chocolate oozed on top of hot fried dough complemented by melted butter made for one of the top desserts I have had in a long time. This thing is not healthy. I don't care. It was great. 


Take home point: Go here. Close your eyes. Imagine the white tablecloths. Ignore the grungy location. Sink your teeth into some decadently unhealthy deliciousness and smile.
