YCq8VGDRHO3JkiyUzQbyIw My husband and I are new to the South Charlotte area, and we love exploring Indian restaurants.  So far we have been to Blue Taj (4 stars-good, but sauces too creamy, and Bombay Grill - (2 stars, food absolutely wallowing in sauce, in fact, I can't find the food, no flavor, tiny portions, but decent naan).  Persis far exceeds the other two, both in food and service.  The ambiance has a cool vibe (didn't notice any Bollywood videos), blue and red lighting, hanging scarves to give a sense of intimacy and sophisticated music that you would find in an upscale hotel.

The appetizers.  The vegetable samosas arrived to the table hot, cooked perfectly, and quite delicious, but did not come with any sauce (not sure if those are supposed to come with sauce).  We also ordered the cauliflower fried in cornmeal.  At first taste, it was way too hot (we had ordered mild) .  With near tears streaming down our faces and drinking buckets of water to get rid of the heat, after awhile one waiter came back and fessed up that ours may have been intended for a different table and we got the medium spicy and they got the mild.  So they brought us another and it was OUTSTANDING!  We thought that was really honest, something you don't find in a restaurant every day.

The main course.  I ordered the chicken tandoori and the waiter explained it was an appetizer and suggested other main dishes.  I wasn't sure if he meant it wasn't enough food for me, but I stuck with my order because the first time at any Indian restaurant I usually order the chicken tandoori.  As it turns out, the plate was huge, and I did not finish half and I have a huge appetite.  My husband ordered chicken korma as usual, and he devoured it, yet still having leftovers for today.  The buttered naan was buttered perfectly and cooked to perfection.  

Our waiter.  A word about Joseph.  He was extremely attentive, and nearly over- explaining things on the menu, suggesting this and that.  (Perhaps this was in response to some of the earlier reviews that talked about the waitstaff not knowing the menu).   In fact it was to the point we felt he was "over-suggesting", aka "up-selling".  We have noticed this in general in Charlotte restaurants and this one is no different.  His English was a little hard to understand, but he got his point across, and hey, after all, this is an Indian restaurant.  I would rather have Joseph as a waiter, and say "no" to most of his numerous suggestions, than have a lack of service.  There were several waiters attending to our table and as mentioned in another review, they did not communicate whom was doing what.  But that's okay.  

It was very heartening to see most of the patrons were Indian!  That is always a good sign.  We will be back, and soon!!!  So glad this amazing restaurant is nearby.
