YCq8VGDRHO3JkiyUzQbyIw Ah, the long missing Biryani place for Charlotte. Charlotte had its share of Indian restaurants, few as they might be - but none of them had a good biryani, a good gobi manchurian, or a good (fresh) samosa. There were places with good north indian curries (mostly because of the amount of cream they used), but they either did not have the biryani, or if they did, they made it in the most horrible way possible.

This is a brand new restaurant - its barely been 3 weeks since it has started (and I've already been there 10 times - that says something, doesn't it?), and while they are still experiencing growing pains, and having trouble dealing with the crowd that comes in, curious about the new place, the quality of the food, as well as the taste, is amazing. I can flat out say that these guys make the best gobi manchurian I've had in the US (and I've tried it at MANY places). I've already said a lot about the biryani, but let me add one more thing - it takes you back home. Its very tasty, doesn't have the raw masala we come to expect in Indian restaurants in the US, and its very well done.

The curries they have are great as well. Due to the limited menu they have currently during the opening weeks, I haven't been able to try all the varieties, but of what I've tried, all of it is super tasty, not extremely creamy, and feels good in the stomach (if you've ever had indigestion issues after eating in some of these Indian restaurants, you know what I mean). 

The staff are extremely friendly, helpful, and very eager to help. Right now, Bhim (the manager) is probably the only one who is good at what he is doing, but as I said, its a new place, and it will improve over time. The chef is also very friendly, and is always open to any input you might have.

Overall, relative to the other places around Charlotte, this easily gets 5 stars. I will probably go here again and again, until I get completely tired of the place, or a doctor tells me that it is very unhealthy to eat out every other day. :)
