YCq8VGDRHO3JkiyUzQbyIw We visited Persis late one evening when there was a nice briskness to the air.  We thought it'd be a perfect time to warm up with some of our favorite food!  Upon entering, we were immediately seated and handed expansive menus full of incredible looking dishes.  Being vegetarians, we often seek out Indian food and Persis doesn't disappoint in their offerings.  

A few experiences stood out that night.  Hang with me.  To start, I wasn't comfortable drinking out of the metal glasses, so I asked for glass and the waiter immediately accommodated my request without question.  Graceful and polite. 

Then, the strangeness began.  My husband had decided on biryani at spice level four. The waiter (who we later found out was the owner) tried to convince him that level four was 1. Too spicy for 'people who usually come here that aren't Indian' and 2. Asked a few times if we'd ever had biryani..that it was a very traditional dish.  Once we finally convinced him that both the dish and the spice level were adequate, he insisted upon bringing a sample of biryani so that my husband could try it before he bought it.  The funny part is, the sample was almost as large as a full order.  The spice level was perfect, the sample biryani was delicious, and the main entrée of biryani was a normal portion. They didn't take from it because we agreed to a sample.  

I ordered chana masala with no spice. I found out later they call this  'baby mild' :-). However there must've been some confusion in the kitchen, because the owner told us that there was already an order of chana masala at level four that was confused with my baby mild.  They brought out a new order of Chana masala (still spicy) that looked suspiciously like my original AND offered a complementary order of any other entrée of my choosing.  The owner strongly suggested the paneer with fenugreek leaves. It was delicious and perfectly seasoned.  

All in all, our meal was excellent with a couple of speed bumps along the way. But as they say, it isn't the mistakes but how you recover from them that matters.  We will visit again and again. Delicious food, super value, portions  - wow.  Keep up the hard work Persis!
