YCq8VGDRHO3JkiyUzQbyIw Great Indian food, absolutely lousy service.  Best I've had in Charlotte, and most dishes are on par with the Indian food that I grew up eating in Central NJ.  Don't go during lunch - that's when most Indian places have their bland, americanized options out.  Their Indian dishes (especially when ordered Medium to Hot) are authentic.

That being said, the service has been horrendous every time I've been there.  This last time, we were seated by the hostess fairly quickly, and within 2 minutes the waiter came over asking if we were ready.  We said no, so he came back about 5 minutes later.  We went with a Biryani (Chicken 65 Biryani), and the waiter's recommendation for a special when we said we wanted goat.  Ordered Naan, but the waiter was extremely pushy trying to upsell other breads, as well.  Once ordered, it took just over 30 minutes to get the food out - 2 dishes & naan.  And since we ordered around 7PM, the place was practically empty (but filled up around 8PM) so we should have only been behind 2 other tables of 2.  The food was dropped off by another waiter - the naan was cold, but nobody came by to check on us during the entire meal.  Trying to flag someone down at the end for the bill and a to-go box took a few minutes, and after requesting the bill, the waiter forgot about us.  Had to wait another 5 minutes to flag down another waiter (who acted shocked that we flagged him down when he wasn't working our table) to ask him for the bill and to-go box we had already asked for.

Extremely similar service to previous experiences - slow to get food out, no check-ins from waiters (can't order more naan if we wanted!), slow to get the bill, slow once we gave them the credit card.

On a lesser-reviewed note, they've recently had lousy health inspection scores - their 10/6 inspection was an 83, and 10/20 was an 86.  You'd think that after an abysmal score, they'd rebound a bit more (in July they scored a 94.5).  I'm trying to get my stomach ready for traveling to India, though, so I looked at this as a twisted positive...

Overall, great food, but there is no sense of urgency or customer service among most of the staff, perhaps with the hostess as the exception.  Maybe I'll order take-out in the future to get the food without having to deal with the lackadaisical attitude of the staff & lots of unnecessary waiting.
