yet0Pww_ouW49T7V41ecSw At 1pm on a Wednesday we were the only customers.  Service was friendly, but slow. The 2 servers/manager were too busy chatting on the phone in the back or eating their own lunch.  Another group departing as we came in seemed to be waiting at the front counter for about 10 minutes for the girl in the office to finish her phone call and close their tab.  

Food was good, reasonably priced for a lunch combo with more than enough food.  3 of us ordered the lunch special (2 vegetarian, 1 chicken) which were all good, although the heat level was off.  The 2 vegetarians asked for heat level 3 (offered range of 1-10) while the chicken was requested as a 9.  Both came out around a 5. Why bother asking if you're not going to follow through.  Portions were good but oddly served.  Lunch combo includes salad, chutneys, rice, naan, entree, side, and desert.  
For our group of 3 we were served 2 bowls of rice and 2 pieces of naan. We didn't run out, so it was ok, but seemed odd when everything else was served in individual dishes.  We had to ask for the salad and chutneys which were forgotten.  Masala Chai tea (which to me is the barometer of quality for any restaurant) was just ok. Too much fennel/anise flavor, and too thick/heavy being made with a lot of whole milk.  

I checked in on yelp (which is how I found the place, after my first choice and favorite Udupi turned out to be closed/out of business!).  Yelp specified it was open for lunch, and offered a $15 for $25 coupon, which I purchased.  It wasn't until the end of the meal and attempting to pay that I was rudely told the promo wasn't valid with the lunch special.  I told her that wasn't mentioned in the terms, she made some excuse and wandered off.   I decided I'd just take it up with Yelp later, and put my card in the folio.  Unfortunately she disappeared and after about 10 minutes of waiting I tracked her down in the office behind the hostess stand, knocking on the door and interrupting her personal phone call.  At that point I was getting upset. with the service and called her out on the yelp promo, insisting that the only restrictions are that it's not valid for takeout or on Fridays/Saturdays. She disagreed but finally said she'd honor it and wrote down the promo code and adjusted my bill.

Overall the food was good but service was unacceptable. Portions and prices if ordering the lunch combo were reasonable but ala-carte and dinner menu pricing were excessive and the portions are probably the same judging by other reviews.  I would not return given the variety of other Indian options in the area.
