yet0Pww_ouW49T7V41ecSw Before beginning with my review, I would like to critic (!!) on something that I read through a lot of reviews here for "The" Dhaba...

" There is no f* variable Spice level in Indian food... " I get enraged when people say these things as if these are the conventions for food... Most of the Indian recipes ( 99% at least ) are prepared with a predetermined spice level... " How do you want your food, mild medium or spicy ? " is the dumbest thing I have come across in my entire restaurant life... there are some recipes that are supposed to be SPICY and some are supposed to be Medium and some Sweet... reason being Indian spices range way more than just Chilly for heaven's sake... Thai restaurants vary Spice level just by adding more Chili... Indian spices are way more than just chili and you can not add / subtract spices like Chili sauce since spices are added during the process of cooking and not on top as garnishing... 

In short, "Mild, Medium or Spicy" is like asking what kind of a football player do you want for your team " fast, faster or fastest " .. well, quarterback position needs a fast player, tight ends could be faster but wide receivers need to be the fastest... but you can not f* switch and play the game !

All right... about the restaurant... my opinion is that if you wish to have real Indian food, you have to go to cities other than Phoenix (or even better, go to India... !)... I have been to some Indian restaurants in Houston, Washington DC, New York, San Diego, New Jersey and a few more places and all places have much better Indian restaurants than in our Valley... but if it comes to sticking to the choices we have around, I would rank "The" Dhaba as the most "close to actual" Indian food that you have get...  Jewel of the crown ranks probably the second... but overall, all Indian restaurants around here are good for some particular things on the Menu and worse for others...  Dhaba comes to being better for almost everything on the menu... Chicken tikka masala (butter chicken) related dishes are very good, all lamb dishes are nice and authenticated... vegetarian options are awfully limited compared to what it should be considering its an Indian restaurant... ( common restaurants in India have at least 40 more vegetarian items on their menu, no kidding !)

But overall I am very pleased with the range of quality here at The Dhaba.. garlic Naan's are way too good to resist... tea (complimentary) is very close to what people in India drink... almost all non-vegetarian dishes and paneer tikka masala or mixed vegetables are tasty... (somebody wrote about salads and I would like to remind that salads are not Indian because other green vegetables are very common in regular diets)...

and yeah... if you like Indian music, they have live music these days on the weekends, I guess... and though I have never been there for the music, I bet that would be cool....
