yet0Pww_ouW49T7V41ecSw I am traveling for work, and wanted to check out a local place.  This got good reviews in yelp, so I went.  
First, the parking.  The parking in front was tiny.  I had to park behind the building and walk around to the front.  Not a big deal, during the day.  But at night, a little sketchy.  For the safety of the customers, there should be a safer entry from the back parking lot, OR fix the parking in the front.  
Next, the service.  Service was poor.  I was barely talked to - three times to be exact.  Once, when the waiter took my order and then again to drop off my check.  He literally talked to me twice, and neither of those times was to ask if my food was ok, etc.  There was someone who was dropping off the food to the tables.  She literally dropped my food off and then left.  She talked to me  a bit later (third and final time), but only because she had to.  I flagged her down to tell her that my Roti was wrong (who puts butter on Roti?).  But that's not all... even after my Roti issue was resolved, I realized that my dinner (Dil Bahar Korma?) was wrong.  But since my server never came back, I couldn't tell him, and I couldn't get his attention. I thought about trying to explain to the girl who fixed my Roti, but the truth was that I was so hungry and annoyed, that I just ate it. AND IT WAS REALLY GOOD.  No doubt.  But again, not what I ordered. 
Now, the cost.  I paid $15 for a vegetarian dish (2-2.5 cups total with sauce/veg) and maybe 2 cups rice.  Other places I have been to you get more than that and for less than the cost here.  $2-3 for Roti?  $3 is a bit high, but whatever.  A side of Raita is $5?  How about $2.5-3? 
Finally, I have to comment on my appetizer (Rehriwale Dahi Bhalle?  it wasn't clearly noted on the receipt).  I wanted a pakora appetizer, but the waiter told me about a delicious croquette thing.  Sounded interesting, so I got it.  When it arrived, the dish looked like an ice cream sundae with chickpeas.  There was something at the bottom of the bowl, presumably the croquette, but it was drowning in so much sauce (yogurt sauce, tamarind chutney, mint sauce) and chickpeas, I really couldn't tell.  Honestly, the presentation was unappetizing and it was odd trying to eat something that I couldn't see...  It did taste pretty good, though, but not good enough for a $8 price tag.    
I want to emphasize that the food was very tasty - kudos to the chef.  But the service was awful - rude, even.  And the prices are just too high for what you actually get.  I'd be less upset with the prices if I had more food to come home with.
