yet0Pww_ouW49T7V41ecSw The Dhaba is, IMO, the best place for indian food in phoenix. There are a few others who can make a decent curry, but very few who treat their meat dishes with the same care that's shown at The Dhaba. Where other comparable restaurants might have good vegetarian dishes but falter on dry chicken, The Dhaba excels with proteins. The end result is an experience that's intoxicating in its colors, smells, and tastes, and it will leave you full and happy.

SOME NOTES ON ORDERING:

1.)The Dhaba has a big menu with a lot of names on it that might be intimidating for a new customer or for someone that is entirely uninitiated with Indian (or anglicized Indian) food. Don't be intimidated: if you admit that you're new/clueless, staff will be happy to help. 

2.) the dishes (as ordered) are a bit unbalanced and a bit pricey. When you order an "entree," you get a bowl of curry and rice. The curry is the focal point of the meal, but truthfully, the curry is extremely rich and is as much food for 2-3 meals, provided that it's being accompanied by naan and rice. So, if you're having an entree with naan: maybe skip an appetizer. Samosas are fine, but they're also quite filling, and you might regret filling up on papadum and fried dumplings once you realize how misleadingly large the entree is. 

3.) Variety is best achieved if you go with a group. It's hard to justify the expense and gluttony of getting palak paneer, chicken tikka masala, *and* lamb korma if you're just going with 1-2 people. But the more people who go, the more people can safely order whatever they want and still come away with lots of variety while still seeming sane portion-wise.

4.) Leftovers are amazing. Don't pick the meat out and leave the curry. The curry is the whole point. Take some home with you and have it on rice/naan the following day. Garlic naan in a toaster oven will make your house smell amazing. And the smell of the curry is so pleasant that it's a sin to not enjoy it twice. So, when considering the price of the entrees: remember that you're buying yourself lunch for the following day also.

5.) Most of the food items have wine suggestions next to them. I have no idea how helpful they are, but I will say that if you ask for an "indian beer" they will bring you something that is essentially malt liquor. That might not sound impressive, but the sweetness of it actually goes really well with many spicy dishes and is highly recommended. 

Despite the fact that I feel that there is a "correct" way to order at the dhaba, and there's maybe ways to have a less satisfying experience, my rating is entirely for the helpfulness of the staff and the very high food quality.
