yet0Pww_ouW49T7V41ecSw Eating at The Dhaba was my first Indian food experience, and I will say I was pleasantly surprised. I tried their chicken tikka masala, the chicken curry, the biryani and some tandoori chicken. I ordered spice level 5. It was perfect, not too hot but enough to leave a slight burn on my tastebuds. The tikka masala tastes like a buttery, creamy tomato soup. The chicken curry was perfectly done, the chicken falling apart and moist. The naan tasted fresh baked and you could taste the salt and garlic on the garlic naan. It was so good, the naan was probably the best part. I also got a dish of some yogurt sauce which was nice and cooled down some of the heat, and a bowl of lentils to dip stuff in and it was very tasty too. We also got a thin, papery tortilla type bread with some little cups of sauces to dip it in, sort of like an indian tortilla, and this was a very nice touch and very authentic as I've never had anything like it. The biryani was a large helping and I kept find myself wanting to take more bites even as I became more and more full, it was just very flavorful and the foreign tastes to it was very pleasant. If there was anything that was something I could complain about, it was the chicken tandoori, which was hunks of chicken breast with a yogurt and spice dressing, but really it was just a dry sort of chicken breast with some spicy flavoring. Still, it was cooked through if not a little dry, but I get the impression there is supposed to be something more to it than just cooked sliced chicken breast with some marinade. The server was nice, prompt with drinks, and because the restaurant was very small we got consistent attention and it was not hard to ask a passing server for a drink refill or more rice. The basmati rice was also very flavorful and helped offset some of the heat from the sauces. We also got the rice pudding dessert which tasted very much like rice pudding, but I am also not a big rice pudding fan or a dessert person. Overall, I enjoyed it so much the next day I was craving it! It really was that good. It is not in the best location ever and the building is a little drab, but otherwise really worth going. To the people saying this place does not have good indian food, well, I am not an expert in Indian food, but I will say I tried another Indian place near me a few days later because I really wanted some yummy chicken masala but didnt want to drive to tempe and guess what, it really was not anywhere near The Dhaba. If you get a chance to go I would recommend it. Others are saying it was very expensive? But, compared to other places I really don't think it is. You can easily spend anywhere from 10 and up a person at most mainstream restaurants, and this place was no different but the food sure did taste great. 

Tip: go early because as other reviewers have said if you show up late they will turn you down, they close promptly at 9:00pm and finish seating earlier than that.
