yet0Pww_ouW49T7V41ecSw I walked into this place thinking: "Oh man, you know the Americans(white dudes) are going to love this place"  Flat screen tv's, nice tables, friendly service, trendy ambience, waiters who speak good English, white guy playing sitar at the front....this is white guys paradise...unfortunately the food itself was just above average. FYI, Indians from India (my parents) call all white dudes "Americans" as if we are not Americans but I thought would throw some humor your way in case you were already bored reading the typical "The spiciness wasn't there" review

In terms of the menu, I don't think Dhaba knows how it's trying to position itself. Are they a chaat house, a classic Indian restaurant, a fusion Indian restaurant....and that is the problem with this place, it's  a smorgasboard...a jack of all trades yet a master of none.  And that's exactly felt in the cuisine. The samosa chaat was amazing, the other chaat....bleh!  The chicken tikka masa was very good but the certainly not crave-worthy meaning  it lacked the"Hey I'm dying for some great chicken tikka masala, let me order this to go" quality. It's really hit or miss with their dishes as some are completely amateur like their chicken tikka(not the curry but the grilled version) which tasted like chicken cooked on a Forman grill and was then allowed to cool to room temperature and served on a plate...not exactly appetizing. Their daal was really good but their saag was okay.

And to Wendi below, we don't eat salads.  Indian people created salads for you guys. So when you tell me there is a new salad on the menu each day, I envision someone at a Chinese restaurant saying we are offering a different style of pizza today. That's a not a good thing. If the guy is listening to Pink Floyd, that means the dial is moving even further away on the authentic meter. What's next, are they going to start offerring hooka and child's chicken finger and fries plate?
Don't get me wrong, Dhaba is one of the few Indian restaurants in Phoenix that I will actually dine at since most are terrible and that's not me being critical. Phoenix is a great place for bad Indian restaurants to thirve since the population is clueless when it comes to Indian food and you could seriously serve up some ground beef with curry and give it a name and they would think it's a legitimate and authentic dish...and this goes for the white dudes living in London who comes on these forums and tells us they know great Indian food when they give places like India Gate 5 stars....but I digress. Okay so if you are not an Indian food snob and want to break out of your routine of eating at Black Angus, this is a good place to start. If you have eaten great Indian food and are not easily mesmerized by a nice atmosphere go down McClintock and take a left on Broadway and try Royal Taj
