YK6XFE1SbLZGGXIKZmrQ-Q I've been looking over the reviews of Campus Biryani & Gyros after my experience tonight, and have seen a pretty broad spread of comments-mostly leaning negative. I want to start by saying, contrary to numerous comments, I found the staff to be quite friendly and attentive, so that is the plus I want to give up front in this review.  However, on other points, my impressions were similar (notably the lack of cleanliness and dirty containers laying around with nobody there).  Tonight was my first experience at this place, and I am pretty familiar with various Mediterranean and Indian food, so I feel justified to say I was less than impressed.  I ordered the Greek Salad ($7.25) and Jumbo Falafel Plate ($9.99). For the falafel plate, it was supposed to come with a vegetarian mix, tomato, onions, parsley, pita, and tahini sauce.  What I received was a decent portion of uniform small falafels in foil, and on the side, a small proportion ( a small cup) of cut spring mix salad with a few pieces of onion and tomato and flakes of parsley.  Strangely, it came with a single small serving of tzatziki sauce (why?) and what appeared to be a tablespoon of hummus-no tahini as expected.  Considering I purchased the "jumbo", I would have hoped for at least two small containers of each or better yet, two single containers of actual tahini as advertised as while tzatziki may be good with gyros, it doesn't work well with falafel.  Furthermore, I requested on the side as an add-on the Nan bread, and never received it (just two pitas).  The Greek salad was unremarkable (and regrettably served with a small serving of balsamic vinegarette rather than greek dressing). For $7.25, it would have been nice to have a more diverse and flavorful dish beyond, again, spring mix greens, three slices of cucumber, a few pieces of tomato, literally five small canned olive pieces (NOT kalamata olives, but your standard black), and feta.  I gave this review 2 stars rather than 1 since it's my first visit and I didn't go back to complain and give them the chance to correct my order.  But then again, I shouldn't have to ask to be served what is advertised, right?  I won't be returning.
