YtfQQHdcQ_bGl2V0Agxw1A I went for the Winterlicious menu (which I often use as a sampler to judge a restaurant). After I went home, I couldn't find some of the options on their menu...? Not sure why I couldn't find it... 

To start with, the ambiance is simple and clean looking. A very minimalistic look. We had waited no more than a minute before being seated (with reservations) and were treated politely throughout our meal. Water refills were frequent when our glasses were empty, and we were asked several times over, how our meals were, and to have our empty plates taken away promptly when finished. I would give service pretty much 4 stars.

For the food, I started with the Fish Pakora. It was not fish pakora... I've had fish pakora before, and what I received was more like a fish stick on salad greens. With some spicy sauce drizzled over it. Not impressed. It's not on their usual menu (not at the time this is written), and I would doubt it will stay long on their menu if they choose to put it on there. Their main, I had Palak Chana, which I also couldn't find on their menu. It was yummy, I ate every bit of it with the naan served. My friend had the butter chicken; I tried it, didn't think much of it. Lastly, I had the Kheer for dessert. It was yummy. Over all, I would give the food a 3 stars. I didn't enjoy the fish stick-like "fish pakora", nor was I blown away by their butter chicken, but I did like their Palak Chana. An important thing I want to mention is that their food was not oily, or too spicy (when eaten with naan or rice) which can be rare to find when I go out for Indian food. And the food was not super salty making me want to chug litres of water. Just for the last comments, I'd give them an extra 0.5 star.

I think we have to assume that there's going to be possible changes to authenticity being that we're not in India. (Or maybe it's pure and authentic? I don't know?) But I'm rating it based on my experience, and although I may not go back at a regular time for some of the food I didn't like, I am partial to most vegetarian items on the menu of most Indian restaurant and would likely go back to try other vegetarian items on Bindia's menu.
