yy7pPm_QGVRm6exD__Htug So this review isn't necessarily about the food. The food is fine, good enough comfort food with an adequate selection. This is more about the service. I used to frequent this place at lunchtime because it's decently priced, $9.99 on weekdays, $10.99 on weekends. On top of that, I'm a student so I sometimes get two for one discount coupons which is nice because I definitely live on a student budget. Let me just say that this pricing is VERY loose. It didn't take me long to realize that the price is RARELY $9.99, it's almost always $10.99 for one reason or another. For example...the restaurant is very busy, it's a "holiday" of some sort, or my personal favorite, "the manager told me to raise the price today" HAHAHA goodness. Ok then. We actually made a game of guessing what ridiculous reason we were going to be given for higher prices. Because of course 2pm on a Tuesday merits an increase in prices, right?

I had a few coupons for buy one get one free, any day of the week, between the hours of 11 and 3. Well of course that's too simple, it wasn't until after we finished eating that the...server? hostess? someone who appeared to work there? pointed to a tiny yellow sign stuck to the counter that said "no coupons on weekends" and she then proceeded to giggle and say sorry and mutter something about...well managers said so. I'd had it, I was done. It's just a joke of a restaurant, and having nonexistent service from start to finish, watching employees hang out on their phones and read the newspaper at the bar, no thank you. I work in a restaurant, and let me tell you, I wish my job was that easy. Thankfully, not all is lost. Delhi opened right down the street, their food is always fresh and flavorful and the staff is FANTASTIC! They remembered us after our second visit and are always so excited to see us and welcome us. On top of that, their lunch buffet is $9.99 every day, no exceptions. Heck, I'd gladly give them $12.99 and I really could care less about coupons, I want to see them do well:):) Such a better choice than India Masala!!!
