3LWsVfsSmb_Nzbi2YQ-NIA As much as I enjoy trying new things, there are certain cuisine I am a creature of habit. I have my favorite spot for that food and I am just not messing with it. Indian lunch buffet is one such thing, but after hearing some love from trusted friends, I reluctantly shook up our routine and tried out this new spot. 

It's a large open room so it's probably a better bet if you are dining with a large group as the other better buffets are rather small dining rooms. Size of the buffet is fairly good as there were 16 hot dishes, some chutney, lettuce, cucumbers, some fruit and kheer. 

We got the garlic naan, which I thought was superb and had nice garlicky flavor. 

All the food was solid, but there were a few standout dishes for me. Tandoori chicken was juicy and I appreciate these aren't huge hormone large pieces. The goat curry had a nice flavor in the sauce, though quite a bit of bones to navigate., Saag paneer was solid, a bit creamier than average. The one surprise for me is the malai kofta. In the past, I've disliked this dish at other places, but I loved it here because of the texture of the kofta. I find some places it just is dry and dough-y and full of blah, but the texture of this is soft and creamy even. There wasn't a label for it, but it was sort've cut up pieces of sausage similar to a lulu kebab that had a nice gingerly flavor to it that was awesome wrapped in naan with chutney. The yellow daal was really tasty - probably my favorite one I've had in the recent years. 

I see that there are pics of the Himalayas and seen some mention of there being Nepalese owners and Indian owners so it's reflected in the way food is flavored. I find Napalese is less spicy and more a balance with savory and sweet. 

Service was decent. We had our drinks refilled and the people were friendly. There's a current check in for a lassi or soda so we took advantage and got a free mango lassi which was yummy. 

I think this matches my usual standby in quality so I'm glad we went. I think I will alternate between this place and Mint depending on the type of Indian I feel like having.
