yy7pPm_QGVRm6exD__Htug It pains me to write this review as Indian Oven was my favorite Indian restaurant. My family has been going there since it was located near the Golden Steer. They did a great job with the new building, it looks really nice.

So we usually order the same thing each time. Lamb Tikka Masala (I get spicy and my wife gets mild) as well as rice and Naan. As well as the assorted hors d'oeuvre as well as sodas.

Well we couldn't order soda because they were all flat so that meant can soda or something else. So no big deal I drink a lot and the waitress was super at keeping my glass full.

Being 6pm it was strange we were the only people in there. That being said it still took almost 40+ minutes for our food to come out.

The waitress brought our food out and announced.. They are both medium. Unapologetic! I expressed this isn't what we ordered, I ordered spicy and my wife had ordered mild. She says that is what she put in but the cook prepared them medium. (This set the mood for the rest of the meal)  - She noticed I was pissed and kept going back to the cook and talking and coming back. Asking if we wanted new items, if the food was ok.. But we didn't have 40 more minutes to wait. Anyways the Lamb Tikka Masala was actually greenish in color compared to the red it had normally been. It used to be so flavorful.. Now it tasted bland and like the meat had been tossed into stock sauce and served (which doesn't explain the 40 mins) but the dish was blah... So disappointing.

The rice too was not very flavorful. But besides the food not being up to it's normal flavor and even the chef deciding he know better then we did... The main reason I will not go back is the restaurant was full of flies. 

I am sure some people are fine with it. As one of the employees was eating unfazed by the flies. My wife and I however couldn't even enjoy our bland tasteless food as we were too busy swatting flies off our food and bodies. 

In the end the waitress checked us out, she apologized for the meal being messed up. The receipt clearly showed spicy and mild for the dishes. She even said she noticed us swatting flies and apologized for that. She said the staff keeps the back door open.

But all the apologies made not one discount was offered. The manager never made an effort to placate us. Obviously we were unhappy, the manager could have made a difference.. but sadly after over 12+ years of going to this restaurant and referring dozens of people to their locations. I will never go back.

Side note - Wife said the women's bathroom was dirty and full of flies as well. Place was also very warm, as if they didn't have the air conditioning on.
