z7NIceJU_4vSk-EJ8H6hQA There's no doubt Indian cuisine does not readily spring to mind when considering suitable restaurants to which to take the kids.  In fact, for many parents, the presence of hot spices, strange tastes and the probable absence of kid-friendly crayons unequivocally consign this option to the absolutely, positively, never category.  
But should it?  If my families recent experience of the top-rated Bombay Grille is anything to go by, then perhaps curry deserves some inclusion in your future deliberations.  

Located in the Tower Place Shopping Center on the Pineville-Matthews road, there is nothing distinguishable about the restaurant itself; the internal décor offers little to grab the eye, and its position in a fairly nondescript strip mall smacks of a mediocre dining experience.  However, superficialities like this are never a reliable indicator. 

Once seated, our attentive waiter wasted no time in getting food to our table; Papadums; traditional Indian flat breads served with chutneys: fresh mint and cilantro, spicy onions in a tomato base, and a tamarind paste.  They are excellent munchies with which to relax and peruse the menu.  And the menu takes some perusing; infinite choices of vegetarian, chicken, lamb and sea food entrees together with my favorite, the tandoori (clay oven) selections.  Our waiter suggested some lightly spiced options for the kids; we chose a plain nan bread, and chicken makhani - clay oven roasted, then folded into a creamy tomato sauce.  The jaded parent-types decided on chicken tikka masala, lamb rogan josh, and the freshly baked, sublime peshwari nan - a leavened bread stuffed with cherry, cashew nuts, almonds, raisins and coconut.     

This represented a good introduction to traditional Indian cuisine for our young children.  Our seven and eight year old boys seemed content enough without any noticeable whining, and our three year old daughter is a complete rice fiend, so no problems there either.  Almost all the entrees can be spiced mild, medium or hot, so you decide.  The absence of crayons never became an issue either; in fact, this turned into a positive with more family conversation at the table.             

I can't over state the quality of food coming out of this restaurant.  Occasionally, I am fortunate enough to eat food which compels the eyes to roll up in their sockets.  Food such as this abounds here.  A further representation of quality is the abundance of Indian guests also dining.  Go at the weekend for the lunch buffet ($8.95), or during the week ($7.95).
