z7NIceJU_4vSk-EJ8H6hQA I teeter between 3 and 4 stars on this review but I decided to be nice :)

We almost missed it because the "bomb" on their sign is not lit up so it says "AY GRILLE"  currently.  That almost turned me away.  I have this weird stigma with restaurants or shops that have half a sign lit up without fixing it.  It just seems so bootleg.  But, I pressed on...

Atmosphere--
Not much to write home about, a little dingy, a little 70's/80's with the mirrors and lighting, rather small so we were literally on top of another party, etc.

Service--They seemed super busy or way understaffed.  A 10 year old little boy sat us but then we didn't see another soul for at least 15 minutes.  No drink order, no greeting, no wine list, nothing.  So, that was really weird.  When the waiter finally approached us we asked for a wine list but that was the wrong thing to do because he ended up pulling his disappearing act again.  We noticed there was a party of 8 that must have been sat RIGHT before us so we just got their sloppy leftovers.  Was it bad that I was glaring at the party and that I was thinking to myself they have SOME nerve coming up in there taking over the joint?  haha...  When the server was ready to take our order he literally looked like he was breaking a sweat.  I totally get it, I have served tables before so I sorta felt bad for him.  However, that didn't prevent me from noticing that we had been there for an hour with nothing to show for.  

**they were REALLY good about refilling waters though.  

The Food---the food was their saving grace.  I am pretty much giving them 4 stars based on the food alone.  I thought it was really good.  The garlic naan was so fresh, the chicken korma was cooked to perfection, and had just the perfect amount of flavor, the rice was done well, etc.  The only thing is that there wasn't very much chicken in the tikki masala--just a few big chunks so hubby left hungry.  I also found the masala sauce to be too pastey...it was like a spaghetti sauce in a way.  But, it was good.

I'm not holding the bad service against them.  I clearly came on an "off" night.  If the big oversized party wasn't dominating the whole restaurant then it would have been a much more pleasant experience.  So, I will give them the benefit of the doubt and I will return if they get the sign fixed ;)
