zd4UKCoCc6P1305dummwyQ So, yeah.  I was really excited about this restaurant after reading the reviews here and have to agree the food is PHENOMENAL!  I had a wonderful butter chicken, I haven't had indian food that good since returning to the states.  Very nicely seasoned, naan wasn't greasy and the portion was more than enough for lunch the next day (with a second order of naan).

I can't in good conscience give this place higher than 3 stars, however, because the wait staff was absolutely atrocious.  

I went there with my husband and our friend and we were happy to see that we had the place mainly to ourselves.   We love indian food and had reviewed the menu online before we came.  We told our waitress we were ready to order.  I went first and ordered the butter chicken, level 5 spicy.  She stared at me for a second as if I wasn't speaking English.  After repeating myself a couple of times, she actually took the menu and stared at it like she'd never seen it before.  Very strange.  She mumbled something about her husband (huh?), finally got it straight and then shuffled over to the kitchen.  

She brought over our appetizers, but couldn't remember who had what.  The same happened with our entrees - there are only three of us in the restaurant.  You really couldn't get that right??

But the most egregious was during the meal.  A good waiter/waitress knows how to interject to see if you need something.  The two girls in the restaurant had this really strange habit of hanging out near the table until all three of us stopped talking to look in their direction because of the creepy staring.  Then, instead of I don't know, asking if we needed more water?  They would comment on our conversation.  We tried to be polite about it, but after the third or fourth time, we started making things up for them to get (more water, tea, soda, napkins) just so we could continue our conversation.  Not that that helped much. 

It was such a relief when other patrons came in and they were too busy to hover.  

The food is good enough that I will do take out orders, but I most certainly won't be eating in again.  Creepy.
