zI9XhdRLVkL9leCCIrLZ7w Our meal was paid for in part (more on this later) by a Groupon voucher which we were delighted to be told, would afford us £62 worth of food for only £25! This however, was where the delight ended...


 On arrival to this ghost town of a restaurant - which despite its relatively recent makeover, had a distinctly cheap interior - we were greeted... nay, stared down, by a rather unfriendly and impatient waiter. After taking my booking details he proceeded to look around the empty room and pick a random table which had not even been set properly. From here we were given their menu, most of which we would later find out was off limits to our deal.


 Since neither of us had read the menu before, we were not ready in the 5 minutes that the waiter gave us to choose after sitting down, and were made to feel rushed and unimportant by his poor table-side manner and frowning. After removing my coat I had placed my voucher on the table to read and check the terms, however, it was literally snatched from under my nose within seconds, forcing me to look up the e-mail version on my phone.


 For starters we were asked if we would like some popadoms - which arrived with a selection of what looked and tasted like bought-in chutneys and pickles, with the lime pickle seeming suspiciously like one I had recently bought in a supermarket.


 Next we ordered mushroom pakora - probably one of the only decent parts of the meal - and a "Verandah Mix", which came with an unnatural looking green sauce and some seriously dried out "salad". This was followed by lamb Tikka Massalam and south Indian Chilli Garlic chicken - the more expensive king prawn options were of course off limits. The lamb was incredibly tough and came in a sauce that could easily pass for a dessert. The chicken was served in the most bland offering of a dish I have ever tasted in a restaurant. What should have been a fresh and punchy curry bursting with flavour, was instead an unseasoned slop with absolutely no heat, despite searingly hot chillies mixed in to the bowl. Clearly the chef had forgotten to include them till the end! To accompany this we were permitted ONE tiny bowl of rice only and one nan bread (not mentioned in the offer or on the voucher terms), both of which arrived cool.


 By this point we had worked out that we had spent only around £35 of our £62 and so tried to make up the total by asking for side dishes (refused) and more mains (again refused). I asked for a dessert menu and surprise surprise, NOT INCLUDED! All of the desserts, which came with pictures, looked cheap and bought-in and so would probably not have been worth it anyway. None of these terms and restrictions were stated as part of the deal and the aggressive way in which we were told "no" and that "the meal is now over" was completely unacceptable.


 As a final insult, when we were putting our coats on to leave, the waiter rushed over to us with the bill - for the meal that we had already paid for! The total came to £7 for items not-included in the deal - specifically popadoms and "still water". Never in my life have I seen a restaurant that charges for popadoms with a sit-down meal, let alone £3 for them! The water which made up the other £4 for two glasses came directly from the tap, which we could see from our table.


 I considered complaining; however the waiter loomed behind me and watched intently with a scowl until I had placed the money with the bill. I felt rather intimidated by this particularly since the restaurant was so empty. To top it all off we were left with too little for a taxi or bus home and so had to walk back in the rain!


 So to summarise, the Verandah is a terrible, sorry excuse for an Indian restaurant with extremely poor customer service and dishes which I could have cooked better myself. As was proven by our inability to spend our voucher, they are only after your money and will trick you into paying more at any chance they get. Do not eat here!
