zlF2RzJYTgZRbzFbhe3zTA Where can I give this place no stars?

The only interesting thing about the restaurant was the iPads on the table.

First, I am a person who loves authentic food. I have eaten many of the items on the menu and knew what I was ordering. Unfortunately the kitchen staff didn't know how to properly cook my order. And I ordered off their menu!

We waited almost 30 minutes for the entrees to arrive. When I wife asked for milk for her tea she was stared at with disbelief that anyone would want such a thing. They then brought her a cup of milk to pour into her tea. That should have been the warning, but we ignored it

Vindaloo on the menu was rated as being hot. I have had Vindaloo before and knew what I was ordering. I especially instructed our waitress, who looked like she didn't understand the food or want to be there, that I wanted the food authentic and I knew it would be served hotter than most North Americans would expect. What I go was a bland platter of sauce covered food.

Not impressed and wanting exactly what I ordered I tried to find our server, who had disappeared into the kitchen with all the other staff members. There was yelling in there and after five minutes I was able to get the attention of another waitress and explained the displeasure with the food. To her credit, she removed the dish and I wanted another 10 minutes before it appeared out of the kitchen. Again, it was not near the heat level that the dish is supposed to have.

When I asked the waitress for some hot peppers in order to "Spice the dish up" she went to the kitchen and returned with six whole chilli's on a plate. It was like the kitchen staff gave us the finger, saying if you want hot, eat these. Little did they know that I actually eat those exact peppers as a side dish all the time. But, any good restaurant would cut them up into easily sprinkled parts so you would not have to bite into the chilli themselves. Well, my wife had one and it took the other five to bring the Vindalu heat level close to what is should have been.

As a note, the lamb int he Vindalu was tough, and hard to chew. This is indicative of a meat overcooked at hight heat. I only tried a few other things and found them bland for the culture. Should have gone to the Tia place next door.

After finishing our food we asked for the bill. It came after 15 minutes. We place our credit card into the folder and after 30 minutes started to use the "Call Staff" alert on the iPad. We finally got out of the place after just over 2 hours.

The staff meeting in the kitchen was not a good experience.

Durring our mean it sounded like there was still construction going on in the back. Why would you do that durring your opening hours? Why would you open if your not complete the construction?

All in all it was a very negative experience. If you're looking for authentic Indian food you're not going to get it here. Best to take a trip to The Host in Markham for a buffet lunch for 1/4 of the price of this place and get food cooked correctly.

We will not be returning to this restaurant.
