3LWsVfsSmb_Nzbi2YQ-NIA Just thinking about the place made me hungry .It`s 11 PM so probably too late for the buffet .But anyway ,Vegas local ,frequent visitor to the Indian buffet and have been to most in town .Yes that crazy ! I started going to this place about 2 months ago , had a gigantic biryani and mango lassi , the chef specializes in the Mango lassi as far as I am concerned! Fan ever since .
First time I went there for the buffet , the garlic bread , the mushroom were fantastic , not to mention the chicken and mutton .I had a feast , no pun intended . Only regret that day was, maybe  I shouldn`t have eaten that much .But by another 3 days the regret vanished and i duly returned ,this time ,they had another special variety of chicken , I am blanking on the name , but i was good , if you end up there just look and sausage like chicken roll,it`s really good . 
When I am not going to this one ,I am probably going to some other one :) .Imagine the embarrassment at showing up at the same buffet ,every other day ! And have to say most of them are similarly priced and probably have similar food range ,but after multiple sampling at other indian buffets I have to say that this one has more options,maybe a little bit cleaner and definitely the most spacious  in town. And would recommend it to anyone who wants to get away from ridiculously priced buffet at the big nightclub restaurants , as long as you like indian food .
As for the negative stuffs , the ambience could be better , i mean they could decorate the walls a little bit better and play some decent music like some upscale places.Sometimes they have hard time catching up with the demand supply thing but i guess this being a new place ,its something they can work on.And  yes sometimes ,there is just that little extra oil floating around in the nan-bread or the curries, again something they can work on .All in all ,for an indian buffet ,it`s bang for bucks. And no I don`t own the place and have nothing against any other Indian buffets.
