zzCsh8Rx40ZXcyDrzFnfOQ Bombay Bhel is a popular spot around the North York area along Yonge Street... the reason, Indian lunch buffet.  Now I have been here a few times for their lunch buffet, but never for their dinner.  So please take that into consideration as you're reading this entry.  The place is decorated well, but nothing special.  So you won't be coming here for the decor nor will you be turned away with its shady environment.  For this visit, I came here for a very close co-workers goodbye lunch and we had a table of 12 on a Friday lunch.  Make reservations if you can.

The lunch buffets had a variety of Indian dishes, as well some a little more common/Westernized for its customers.  There was probably around 20+ dishes different choices.  I would like to say that this total included appetizers, mains and dessert.  So did it have major variety?  No, but it did include some of the main stables for an Indian buffet.  They had vegetarian offerings such as palak paneer as well as some stables such as butter chicken, biryani and tandori chicken.  

Now I'm a major meat eater at any Indian joint I head to.  And yessss, sounds completely horrible but I'm a major butter chicken fan.  Doesn't matter if it's with naan or with rice, I will eat that stuff up QUICK.  I'm pretty okay with most Indian dishes as I have too many friends who love Indian, so after a while you know what's good and what's not.  Now, I was starving and work was... "interesting" so my sense of adventure was totally destroyed.  I went heavy on the butter chicken.  So how was it you may ask, it was... solid.  I didn't find it special or bad, the flavour was there as it was sweet and creamy to my liking.  However I did feel that some ingredients were missing to dish as a whole.   From all dishes I got, theme was really.. just solid.  Nothing stood out but I do have to give it up to them as they were always filling up the buffet dishes, water and there were never a shortage of any dish.  And trust me, limited naan is a bad bad things for an Indian lunch buffer.  It didn't happen at this visit.

Overall, I can't say I liked it nor that I hated Bombay Bhel.  It's an okay lunch bufffet, the price can be a little higher than the norm but still even with that in mind, I can see myself coming back.  The service was good and the place is laid out well.  I found the environment better than some of the cheaper lunch buffets that some might compare Bombay Bhel to.  So it's a little classier... not by much, but if I was downtown for lunch, I wouldn't be back.  I'll leave you all with that.
