3LWsVfsSmb_Nzbi2YQ-NIA I am sorry this restaurant is not closer to our part of town, for when we are craving Indian food! My husband and I stopped in for their lunch buffet. A great selection, and all the food tasted fresh. I thought the particular standouts were the Goat Curry, the onion bhaji, and the garlic naan. I love goat, and of course its not easy to find in the U.S., and this is a staple on Delhi's buffet. Goat meat is a little stronger tasting than beef, and stood up to the sauce very well. The cuts of meat are on-the-bone...I wanted to dive in with my fingers and grab each piece and gnaw it clean!  The onion bhaji was crisp and tasty; not greasy at all. And the garlic naan was light and chewy and very, very fresh.
I'm not a big fan of the bright yellow curry sauces, but my husband reported that the Punjabi curry was very good. The saag paneer was good also.. The tandoori chicken wasn't as highly spiced as I like, but it was moist enough to be tasty. Like the onion bhaji, the samosas were crisp, not soggy, and had a nice flavor. The biryani rice was a little greasy, but that was probably my only real nitpick with any of the dishes.
They also have the standard side sauces, raita and mint sauce. We could have eaten those all day long, with baskets of naan! For dessert, there was warm carrot halwah (very tasty, but a little odd to us; not quite a side dish; not quite a dessert); and one other selection. You'll have to look for the "samia" (I've always known it as "kheer"), at the back of the salad table. It's not labeled as a dessert, and it's right next to the similar-looking raita sauce. If you aren't familiar with it, its a sweet milk and vermicelli-noodle pudding flavored with cardamom. I like mine with more cardamom, but this was a nice cool & sweet ending to a spicy lunch :-) 
With one soda pop, our meal for 2 was about $25, and well worth it. Rather than cook just one main dish at home, we enjoyed being have a lot of good Indian food at one meal. Oh, and the employees were very friendly as well!
