3OknFx5ox_1O9nmP5DSFBA Once again I'm on my quest to find decent Indian restaurants.  Curry Twist is located in the junction about ten minutes away from my office.  The junction, much like Leslieville, is seeing its share of gentrification and is sprouting up with some interesting spots.  I've been to Curry Twist a few times, the first when they were in their previous location and again after they moved over about a half dozen doors away.  I love the vibe and the colours in the restaurant, it screams saffron to me.  

I had a chance to chatter with the owner and we were talking about food philosophies and the restaurant is very much driven by the belief in Ayurveda.  Ayurveda is primarily based out of the idea of balance, like yoga, combining foods and spices for good health and balance of the body and the spirit.  I must confess until that conversation I hadn't really known much about Ayurveda but I kinda get the idea of and it makes good sense.  The food at CT features the dishes from the northern regions of India as well as embracing the Moghlai inspired types of food.  How regal does that sound?  

The menu isn't large and I like this a lot.  Fewer dishes means less complications and a smaller margin for hit and miss.  My beloved eggplant is on the menu only this time it is called Bharta and its smoked in a whole piece and then mashed up.  The Lamb Madras is tender with a coconut sauce that is like velvet on the meat.  Fish Magic is so appropriately named.  :)  I've had the Chili Shrimp (pass the yoghurt and cucumbers please, this is a five alarm blazer) and I struggle with the heat.  Butter Chicken is what it is, butter chicken.  It is a standard in most indian restaurants and here at CT they do it justice.  The chicken has always been moist, not stringy or dry.  

Curry Twist is very decently priced, particularly with the sides.  Most indian restos will charge $6-9 for a pulao but at CT its under $4 bucks.  Servings are generous so I've usually got a lunch to go for the next day.  There is aIso lots of options for the vegetarians on the menu.  I highly recommend a stop in the junction in this small, comfy spot and you can discover the meaning of Ayurveda.  It's all about the balance baby.
