3OknFx5ox_1O9nmP5DSFBA Feeling too lazy to cook on a Friday night, and still new to the West End, we decided to eat out. I knew that there would be some places along Dundas St West, so we took a drive to see what we could find.

I checked out YELP, and saw Curry Twist, but did not read the reviews. Parked the car, walked along and looked at several other restaurants, Greek, Pub Style, another Indian place (which looked empty) then stumbled across Curry Twist. The line up just inside the door, told us we need to join in. Being a lover of Indian Cuisine, my taste buds immediately set themselves for a bountiful serving of Buttered Chicken. 

However, one look at the menu, and listening to the specials from our server Anant, we decided to have the Samosa's to start. We ordered 2 (one each) they came baked pefectly, the crust was crunchy, yet buttery, and the veggie filling came all to obvious that these were one of a kind. 

We nixed the Special, which was announced as Ginger Chicken and ordered from the Menu instead. We had the Chicken Pasanda and the Lamb Achari, with of course Basmati rice, and garlic Naan. The lamb had a wonderful spice and yes, quite a kick. I love spice, but my sweat glands say differently. An extra pile of napkins were needed (maybe a towel) the flavors were bouncing off my tongue and mixed with the rice and naan, washed down with a wonderful Indian ale, Cobra. My smile gave me away that I was fully enjoying this meal. The Chicken Pasanda was NOT buttered chicken, thank goodness as it allowed me to experiment, and that I did. We both relished over this dish.

The atmosphere at Curry Twist was welcoming and anything but rushed. We were seated right in front of the kitchen, which at first I was not quite happy with, but after a few mouthfuls, one did not realize. My partner had the Mango Lassi, which was almost the consistency of a milk shake, but much tastier.

Our server, although very attentive, did not always appear back to the table after every bite to ask if everything was alright, which I was grateful for.

I can see now why the line, as you can also order take out, but stay in and enjoy the ambiance. Im glad I found Curry Twist, it will be that little gem in the corner when I really fancy a good Indian dish!
