3OknFx5ox_1O9nmP5DSFBA This restaurant had a lot of promise since I had take out of their saag paneer which was great. I decided to go with a friend to dine in last night.  The portions were ridiculous for apps...we ordered chicken saffron tikka I think..and it was mostly vegetables, ie. onions and cabbage...so paying $10 for onions and cabbage is not really how indian food works I'm from the subcontinent.  There should have been at least 5 cubes of decent size chicken pieces which wasn't so...we ordered the maachi tikka (salmon) and again the same thing...for $11 you get three TINY pieces of salmon on some massive onions and cabbage. Is it really appropriate for us to pay that much for veggies? I expected at least 4 good size pieces..so like $2 per salmon piece or something....Again, disappointed. Taste of chicken was better than salmon but not like the saffron chicken tikka I remember.   Next we ordered, eggplant since we weren't eating carbs that day and my mom makes the most delish eggplant burta so I was ready for some delish eggplant! The portion was small again and the taste was too much garam masala or something.  One spice was way too much and the spices were not integrated together as they should be if properly made.  So again disappointed.  Had Lamb Curry/Korma and again not enough lamb and they stuffed a bit with potatoes....so will probably not go back but I think for Cauasians since they may not what is missing will think its ok. But my friend was Cauasian and he felt the same way that I did about the food. We weren't impressed and they could do better. They also only had one server for the whole restaurant and that was not right. Either they do that to make you feel bad for the server since he's so stretched or that they don't want to pay other servers so service is better. We also waited a while for our food and it was basically only apps that we ordered. They need lemon on their tikkas or dry foods which they didn't serve. Lemon is staple in indian food as a garnish for most dishes.
