3quopZyL8WuqVFfsCi0z2A Quaint restaurant with dimmed lighting, textured walls and dark wood. I enjoyed looking at all the wonderful details that the owners and managers included in all aspects of the dining experience. Very cozy restaurant: a perfect place to bring your significant other for a date. 

The host/waiter/interior decorator was very cordial and a wealth of information when it came to the menu and the restaurant. He brought us two pretty blue glasses and a chilled bottle of water. He smiled when I started taking pictures of the table setting and water. He mentioned that he ordered the glassware from Montreal and that the beautifully shaped blue glasses had bubbles intentionally imbedded in it: cool detail. 

Complimentary papadum with accompanying cilantro/coriander and tamarind chutneys (dipping sauces) came out next. Made fresh every day, they were deliciously light and crispy.

We ordered the mix appetizer platter. When it came out I noticed the elegantly shaped plate that they came on. I delighted in trying out each savory appetizer and matching it with it's complementary chutney. The only bad thing with the appetizer was that the chicken pakora was overcooked and chewy, but it was still tasty.

The mains were a bit of a wait: but in the meantime, I was able to notice that the beautiful pendant lights above us were very slowly rotating: I was reminded to sit back, relax and enjoy this time with my hubby. 

The  fish in the Goan fish curry was cooked perfectly: moist and tender. The chicken in the butter chicken was a little overdone but still delicious. The curries were both delectable (make sure to mix in the white sauce drizzled over the butter chicken, it makes a difference in taste) and I'm glad we had enough naan and rice to soak it all up. At the end of our meal, our server gave us hot towels (like the ones given out on select flights) to wipe off our hands: classy!

Delicious food, pleasing atmosphere and top notch service: yeah, were coming back.
