49sbCG7F2jvqJsfG6-N8Rw Delicious!

I do not consider myself a learned connoisseur of Indian food, despite one of my best friend's mother's spoiling me with amazing home-made dishes throughout my College years, but I will say that this place was amazing!

It's a nicely situated space, right on Brilliant Avenue in Aspinwall. Street parking isn't difficult, and it's free after 5, I believe - make sure to check the meters because you don't want a ticket! If it's nice out, sit on the deck; ignore the trains that pass by as they are the price of your enjoyment and to be honest, aren't very frequent. We only had one go by, right in the beginning. The deck is nice, and it's fun to people-watch. Seriously, sit outside and enjoy quaint Aspinwall.

The menu is intimidating has hell, but I bet that folks who know their Indian dishes would feel very comfortable with it. It's like 500 pages long. I still found bliss in it, though. Can't go wrong with some samosas, naan, and chicken tikka masala if you're not yet facile with the huge selection.

Now, your waiters will probably tell you that their portions are reasonable. Don't believe them!! They are lying - the portions are Pittsburgh-sized and will bust your gut! Don't worry if you over-order like we did, though. We took home 3 boxes of that deliciousness! (All kidding aside, they don't try and upsell you or push you into things - they are super nice, and will definitely help you with your selections.)

They do like their spice, so unless you are very experienced, don't go hot! I found everything to be super tasty at the mildest level of heat, but more sensitive eaters might want to have a taste of someone's food before committing. My kids did perfectly well at spice level 1.

Their rice is great, as were all of our dishes - tandoori chicken, chicken tikka masala, aloo mattar, and chana paneer were awesome. The Samosas are enormous - there's no way a normal human could eat the two that come in one order. Well, maybe Kayser Soze could, but I'm pretty sure they said that Chuck Norris gave up after eating 1.5 because he was so stuffed. Don't eat both - you won't eat your dinner. Trust me.

The naan was delicious - as one might expect. It had a nice mix of char and buttery flavor to it, and was wonderful to use in consuming the delicious choices as we made our way through the meal.

Overall, a flavorful, fun, and good value for a nice night out in Aspinwall. We shall definitely be back - it was great. Oh, and try their mango beverages, too. Delicious! I hear their lunch buffet is insanely good - hmm... will definitely be back for that!!
