49sbCG7F2jvqJsfG6-N8Rw We FINALLY have an Indian food restaurant in our neighborhood...yayyyyy! I have already visited four or five times since they opened last month (yeah, this might become a problem!), mostly for takeout.

So far I've tried their chicken tikka masala, chicken vindaloo, malai kafta, aloo matar, naan, and veggie samosas. I've been quite pleased with the food. Their sauces are really flavorful and creamy without being too rich or heavy. The chicken has always been perfectly tender in the meat dishes. And their veggie samosas may be the best I've ever had. Their naan is the one item that I think could use some improvement. I've always ordered the garlic naan, and some of the time it's tasted a little tough without much garlic flavor, almost like it wasn't fresh. Other times, the naan has been chewy, soft, fluffy, and packed with garlic flavor like good garlic naan should be. 

True to their name, they certainly include lots of flavor and spice in their dishes, although I have found their heat scale to be a little inconsistent (you can choose your desired spice level from 1-10).  I tend to like things on the spicier side (not burn-your-tongue-off spicy, but enough to break me into a minor league sweat). Depending on the day, the heat levels seem to differ. I've had everything from a level 7 that barely tickled my tongue to a level 5 that had me reaching for the water several times during my meal. So until they get a little more consistent with their heat, I'd recommend going conservative on your spice level selection.

Every time we've ordered takeout, our food has been ready within 20 minutes and the workers were very friendly when we came to pick it up. The food is also always packaged very thoughtfully, which is a nice touch (e.g., plastic wrap around the take out containers to avoid the dreaded soggy-bottom-of-the-bag-due-to-sauce-spillage).

Most new restaurants have growing pains and need to work out the kinks at the beginning, so it bodes well that my experiences here have been positive right out of the gate. I must admit that this is still not my favorite Indian food in the 'Burgh (at least not yet), but it definitely holds its own. Considering that this is a short walk away from me, they will continue to see a lot of my hungry face in the future. I can't wait to try their lunch buffet. Oh, two final nuggets of info...it's BYOB and they also deliver!
