49taxSIx7Gwdjnr10QrnUw I first ventured to Zaiaka the first week it opened in 2007 and was hooked - and we go back about once/month on the weekends for the buffet.  I am a firm fan of Indian buffets - I like to try a nip of this and a tad of that since I am still learning what I like and what I don't.  I do prefer Northern over Southern Indian, and consider Zaiaka the best Northern Indian restaurant in the area!

It certainly is not as large a buffet as you might find elsewhere, but the quality of the food makes it well worth the trip - it is only about 20 min out of downtown in non-rush hour so it is not that far.  It is always fresh and hot, they refill in small amounts to keep it fresh and appealing.

They always have assorted pakoras and sometimes somosas - always fresh, never greasy.  Chili chicken is always tasty along side the tandoori chicken (can't really rate that as I am not a big tandoori chicken fan).  Then a rice.  Then - the fun begins.  There is usually always a paneer dish- saag, bhurji, or matter. Always a dal.  Aloo gobi.  Usually the cabbage with peas and coconut (I swear I could make an entire meal out of it and some paneer), often the eggplant dish.  All in all, maybe 8 vegetable dishes.  Then generally  three meat dishes - usually 2 chicken (tikka masala, curry, korma); the other could be goat or lamb.  They bring fresh naan to the table.

Desserts are generally just the usual - kheer, gulab jamun, some fresh fruit.  Although one day we were there and they were out of kheer; but they were kind enough to bring out a bowl of gajar halwa they had leftover from a wedding. omg. i could eat that non-stop - i had never had it before and never had it as good anywhere else.

As much as the food is good, we always are greeted by the owners, Meena and Dev.  I think that is part of the appeal - they are so warm and friendly and you always feel like a member of the family.

On holidays, they always add a few special things to the buffet.  And, if you are fortunate enough to be there on a day when there is a party, the buffet may have some of the party's favorite items - a way to experience new and different items.

If you like Northern - or you are just learning to eat Indian - put this at the top of your list.
