49taxSIx7Gwdjnr10QrnUw "Zaiaka" means "flavor", and they downright deliver on the name. There are several good (and not-so-good) Indian restaurants in the Pittsburgh area, but here's what distinguishes Zaiaka as a leader. The food is always prepared with the very freshest, high-quality ingredients (paneer is made in house, etc.), served steaming hot and correctly spiced (never overdone) in good-sized portions. The complimentary papadams served with chutney before the meal are always fresh and crisp. This may seem like a small point, but anyone who has ever been served chewy papadams that have been sitting around soaking up humidity all day will appreciate this. They do a wonderful job on the familiar favorites like rogan josh (lamb always very tender), chana masala, chili chicken, and palak paneer, but their menu is more interesting than the typical Indian restaurant because of their numerous specialties that go beyond the predictable standard dishes, like chicken with fresh mango, baingan bukhara, and tilapia in mustard sauce. They also do very good biryani. Biryani is not one of my personal favorites from past experiences, but I'll have theirs anytime; it's just more flavorful. As for bread, centrally important to Indian food, Zaiaka does excellent, always-fresh garlic naan, onion naan, paneer kulcha, and mouth-watering poori and kashmiri naan. Zaiaka is also distinguished by their atmosphere and their generous, honest hospitality. The decor is more upscale (with real tablecloths and cloth napkins) but not the least bit pretentious. The owners, the Kumars, are among the nicest people you could hope to meet. They make absolutely certain you truly feel comfortable and welcome. I wholeheartedly concur with the other reviewers who noted feeling as if they were guests in the Kumar home. All this adds up to a superior dining experience. Not only is Zaiaka my favorite local Indian restaurant, it ranks among the best I have tried anywhere during my business travels. I have held large dinners for my employees and my family there, as well as had them cater events, always with great success. Virtually everyone I've taken has raved about it, from knowledgeable Indian food enthusiasts to many "converts" who were initially apprehensive or, based on prior experiences, believed they didn't like Indian food. Zaiaka is an absolute find - be excellent to yourself and go there.
