4ritTGFnNxmKnKm-UX3kPQ YAAASSS, finally knocked this off my 'Bookmarks' as I was in the area!  And this may be somewhat odd, but this place was a peaceful oasis in contrast to the sale I was coming from at the International Centre.

Atmosphere:  Dining room was on the small-ish side with tables of 2-4 and a few booths around the perimeter of half of the restaurant.  A coupla tvs played contemporary Indian flicks which were funny to watch!  Food was at the counter, behind glass, separated by Meat/Veg.  Overall, restaurant is new, clean, and somewhat quiet during my off-hours visit ~3pm-ish.

I ordered at the counter, took a seat, and a nice Sikh chap brought the food.  I ordered a Meat Thali ($7.99) and my friend got to Veg Thali ($6.99), and we got to choose the 3 selections that came with the combo.  Thalis also came with freshly baked naan which was heavenly - although you hafta eat within a minute or else it sorta gets soggy and not-so-nice.

I enjoyed thoroughly 2 out of the 3 selections, as did my friend.  For me, the sauce for the Muttar Paneer was sorta weak.  It was definitely on the spicy side, but my friend pointed it out and said it tasted like "Chef Boyardee".  Friend's Palak Paneer was waaay, waaay too salty to the point of being inedible.

Standouts:  Butter Chicken, Mixed Veg, apparently the Daal was nice, & definitely get the Naan if it doesn't already come with your order.  Chilli Chicken was pretty good in a Hakka/Chinesey sort of way.  I found the chicken in both the Butter/Chilli dish slightly on the dry side, maybe they need to stir the chafing plate more often.  However, flavour in both were SOLID.  Food wasn't too rich or ghee laden.

***ALSO ORDER:  $1.50 Chai!  Best chai that I've had in a long time.  Lovely flavours, not too punchy, more delicate.  Be sure to stir well as all the sugar was at the bottom.***

Who says you can't get lunch for under $10?  And as an added BONUS, post-meal, I didn't "make my own soft serve" that looked similar to the dishes that I ate...if you get the drift!!!
