4xtU8eji_G0Yepj3D-8I6Q Seeing how the famed Brampton Tandoori Flame buffet moved into my neighbourhood, we were able to convince a few colleagues to go here instead of our usual Indian haunts.  Considering this is pricier than our normal places to eat, we were hoping that the quality of food and quantity of options would be good.  Short answer... not really.  It doesn't compare well to the Brampton place and it also falls short compared to other Mississauga buffet options.

So the good is that they renovated the old Tuckers marketplace and it creates a nice clean atmosphere.  The 'cleanliness' didn't always translate to the buffet area though... I'm sure it's not the fault of the restaurant that their patrons have no idea how to use tongs only associated with that one dish or that people cannot scoop nicely and dribble everywhere (heathens I tell you!) but there should be a person cleaning the area quickly.  Mandarin does a good job of keep everything nice, neat, and pleasing to look at.  Here... not so much.

As for food options, I was disappointed.  We arrived on a Thursday at noon... no waiting as most of the restaurant was empty (maybe half filled?).  The options seemed quite limited and just stuck to the common things.  Sure they had the samosas (not super crispy and just lukewarm),  naan (soft and a little heavy handed on the butter), the usual curries (they were decent... not bad but worth the premium?  hm no), and grilled kabobs (they werent bad... not tough, not cold, but it was missing charred flavour!).  I tried a bit of everything but just found that I was missing the bold flavour that I normally associate with Indian cooking.  Perhaps they found their clientele wanting more muted flavour (I highly doubt it as there are tons of authentic bold Indian restaurants in the area) or they're trying to 'Canadianize' the food.  I'm not sure but it just wasn't wow.

The salads were not plentiful but at least they seemed fresh.  The dessert area was actually pitiful.  Unripe fruit sat next to overly soggy gulab juman (more soggy than normal) and I didn't even bother to look at anything else.  

I rather go to Avani... at least they have wonderfully spiced fresh items instead of more amounts of mediocre options at a premium price.
