4xtU8eji_G0Yepj3D-8I6Q There's this ridiculous hype that surrounds Tandoori Flame and actually got me excited to try it. What a disappointment. I wish I was better prepared. 

Staff - The place is very busy during dinner. I overheard the greeters telling everyone it was about a 5-10 minutes wait; 5 groups waiting. Yeah, it's more like a 20-30 minute wait. Lies. 

Decor - Plus points for the decor. It's a lot classier than the usual tacky Indian restaurant decor. 

Layout - I feel like they could've done so much more with the layout. What I didn't like is they have literally placed tables everywhere. It's very tight; not a lot of moving room. And on a busy day when you can't select where you sit, you might get the tiny 2 person table against a separator wall. 

Buffet - their ads boast the "biggest" Indian buffet in the GTA. I am not sure... it looked like any other. Let's do a buffet breakdown: 

Chaat Station - I've been to other Indian buffets where they make the chaat for you. Tandoori Flame is self-serve. So yeah, you can try mix it up but it'll never taste as good as chaat from the chef that knows how to make it. You want chaat? Skip Tandoori Flame, drive 5 intersections down to India Taste. It's a cheaper, better buffet and their chaat isn't self serve.

Salad Bar - The usual spread. Pasta salads were really bland and unimpressive.

Pizza Station - I didn't come here for pizza.

Indo-Chinese food - the chili chicken looked so disgusting, I didn't want to try it.

Entrees - I've never had worse butter chicken. It was an orange, spicy mess. I tried the fish korma and the chicken tikka masala. Unimpressive. And I don't think they had a tasty daal. Which sucks. 

Kebab Station - I tried Tandoori chicken, which was actually good. I think pre-ownership change, Tandoori Flame had a much larger selection of Kebabs. They had a decent selection of 4-5 types at this location. 

Dessert Station - Ice cream is your best choice. I had some other desserts on my plate that I didn't like the taste of. 

Drinks - They have a full bar, cocktails et al, a feature often missing from many Indian restaurants. We tried a pink drink (can't remember the name). It didn't have a lot of taste to it.

Verdict? Tandoori Flame isn't worth the price I paid for it. I am hoping to never come back. 

Note: I really miss the Tuckers Marketplace it replaced. Tuckers was so much better.
