5VsUFnYEMCUfKpGOJnUmSA For my 100th review, I knew I had to write about a real stand out meal. Ironically, I was the only diner on this particular evening, as it was at about closing time. The owner even came to clear my completely cleaned plates, as I went to wash my curried hands après meal. You see I'd used my hands to eat much of the meal (very glad I was alone, in my private dining area).

About a week or so before I had stumbled upon this new, colourful and uniquely decored one off location. It's set among a few other new restaurants in a new construction south of Ste. Catherine St. Out of all the choices including a place that specializes in rich hot chocolate, I dreamt of this place. It's actually Sri Lankan cuisine, which would be my first delectable try. 
 
Before I start to salivate recalling my mouthwatering finger licking meal, here's what I ate/devoured. It was Tandoori chicken in a brilliant red curry paste sauce. With perfectly crisp red onions, green and red pepper, and sliced carrots. Not like any carrots I've ever had before, in the best way. The same can be said about the house prepared curry paste. Not like any I've ever tasted. Thus, why I dug in fingers first, and used every square inch of napkin. I knew I'd be over stuffed, but managed to eat almost all of the accompanying rotis (a type of moist flatbread). Believe it or not I had already eaten a bowl of their succulent cauliflower puree soup to start. I used a large can of young coconut water to wash down the just-right amount of heat and zing. 

With my sinuses cleared I perused the pristinely clean restaurant and studied the mosaicked tiles and coloured baskets on the wall. I was too full to move, but we all had had a long day of cooking and eating, so as I said in the first paragraph, I washed my curried hands and was thankful for such a special experience, right in the city, but very far from the country of origin.

Note: They have 4 or so chalkboard specials daily. In that case I'll twist my own rubber arm.
