5vxp6inj3sY4Eb2MFyOOPg My family and I have been to this restaurant three times now and you may be wondering why we keep returning if I'm only giving it 2 stars... I really wanted to like this place because it is very difficult to find good Afghan cuisine (their only redeeming quality is the food and that is ONLY if they serve it to you correctly), but the dining experience and service is so horrendous that it deters me from wanting to visit again.

The tone of our meal was set from the moment our server first took our order. When she took our drink orders, we had asked for sprite, but received ginger ale instead. When we informed her of this, she said they didn't have sprite and ginger ale was the same thing. It isn't. Then, we inquired about the dal makhani and she told us it was the same as butter chicken - which I thought was questionable considering the item has daal in the name. 

Finally we settled on ordering the "Party for 6" platter, which includes two chicken tikka skewers and two chicken breast skewers, among other items. When the platter came, I noticed that the chicken tikka skewers were missing so I tried to get a copy of the menu to confirm, but was ignored by our server. 

Throughout our meal, our server continued to ignore us and never refilled the water even after we had politely requested. After 15 minutes, I had to get up from the table, seek her out and remind her to bring the water. At this point, I asked for a copy of the menu again.

When she came back, I asked her about the missing chicken tikka skewers. She pointed to the one of the chicken breast skewers and said told us that was the chicken tikka. We said that those are the chicken breast skewers, not chicken tikka. She points to ANOTHER chicken breast skewer and said that's the chicken breast skewer. When we told her this can't possibly be true because both the "tikka" and chicken breast skewers looks and tastes the exact same, she told us chicken tikka and chicken breast are the same because "chicken is chicken." Uh what??

My family didn't want to make a scene so we carried on with our meal (with no chicken tikka) and when we were finished and tried to get the bill, she continued to ignore us so we had to get another server to bring boxes and the bill.

Oh and did I mention, on the way out, I saw another table had chicken tikka skewers? Let me tell you, it did not look like the "chicken tikka" we had on our table.
