61JJedfKg7vWtdCka8CKVg Would not come here voluntarily...

We love Indian food (hey, we're Indian) so when we saw a wagjag for an Indian joint in Oakville, we jumped on it. We ordered 4 vouchers worth $100 total. 

First visit we made reservations for dine-in. First thing of note is that it is in an upstairs unit and not accessible. Stroller? Wheelchair? Forget about it. We were the only people there. This was a good thing because it was very difficult to balance our food on the tiny table so we used other tables and chairs to keep our food that wouldn't fit on the table. It was nice sitting at the table but very cramped. In fact, the whole restaurant is quite crammed. 

Staff were friendly and responsive. Portions were quite small. I ordered the masala dosa. For $10.99 I was expecting epic dosa. It was half the size of a dosa you'd get at any dosa hut for 8.99 and with half the filling. Very disappointed. Taste was decent for the 60 seconds it lasted. Overpriced? Yep. But a quick drive of the neighborhood gives you an idea of the demographic which makes a lot of sense. If you're rich and aren't used to authentic Indian cuisine, you could expect a decent meal here. Not that the food isn't authentic, it's just not as awesome as what you could get in Mississauga or Toronto or even Burlington (Bombay Grill - FREAKIN YUM)

Second visit, we ordered take out. We were told over the phone that it would be ready in 30 minutes. We arrived there a full hour later. It wasn't ready. When we got in, there was one other person waiting for take-out and one family seated in the restaurant. The owner and other staff member appeared quite overwhelmed and asked repeatedly for our names and what we ordered. They placed items in bags, then took them out, replaced them, juggling between our order and the other person's order. When it was all said and done, we got the right items in our order but it took well over 10 minutes. In that time only one other couple arrived at the restaurant for dine in. There wasn't much to handle but it appeared very overwhelming to them.

The food was ok. Hubby wasn't happy with his. Mine was nice and flavourful but very salty. 

Naans are VERY large but not all that great. 

We genuinely wonder how this place is able to stay open.
