-iauwrCGxk1cEJJnf4soTg We have tried 4 times since August to come and eat here on a weekend but they have always been booked up. This time we got a reservation on a Friday at 9pm, which is too late for me. We wanted 8pm but they said either 6 or 9 and my kids don't get home by 6 on a Friday.
Anyways, we arrived around 8:35 and were seated right away. My kids and cousin asked for the tour of the restaurant...my husband and I had it last time we ate there. It is very nice how they explain the history of the building, as well as the history of the maharajas and their food.
The restaurant manager was our server and they seemed understaffed. At one point he cleared half the appetizer dishes and went to do something else but didn't return to remove the others. The lady putting new dishes out had to put her pile of plates down to clear the others. We had ordered the eggplant app which was forgotten and never arrived and my son requested a second mojito when asked by the server but that also never arrived.
The food we did order and received was excellent! The guys all shared a meat appetizer platter that had a variety of about 6 different meat/seafood items. I had the lentil soup app, which was spicy and flavourful.
I ordered the vegetables cooked in a garlicky spinach sauce, which was awesome! So great to get spinach without the paneer! The guys shared 2 chicken dishes, lamb, rice, garlic naan and lacheda paratha.  Everyone was satisfied but consensus was they did not like the chicken stuffed with cheese in a nutty sauce. Half liked the lamb and the other half didn't.
They finished with kulfi, rad malai and gulag jamun and everyone was happy....except me...no dairy free desserts available.
The Green teaser drink was enjoyed by all, hubby had the spicy chat masala drink which I found overwhelming, and my son had the mango mojito which was awesome.
The meal is on the expensive side and the server serves you the food when it arrives at the table.
I suggest labeling the menu with gf and vegan items so it's easier to get through the extensive menu. Vegetarian items are marked, but marking the others would help me more as I don't want the dairy items.
Staff are very friendly and parking is in the lot of the attached plaza.
