72KojSHoxp8DissRtcXn-g I usually write a review right away after I finish my meal.
But for this restaurant I had to wait and enjoy the thoughts of a great meal I had.

I found out about this restaurant from summerlicous participants list.

I wanted to come to Ji for the summerlicious, but for some personal reason I was not able to commit to my reservation and I had to cancel.

This week I was craving a good curry, so I decided to go to Ji and give it a try.

The website looks okay and i tried to make a reservation by calling them, of course the restaurant was closed at 3:00 pm. Using Bookenda I made a reservation.

There is parking on the street, for Sunday they had a lot space available to park.

Upon entering the restaurant, I was greeted by a staff member, and lead to my table.
Looked at the menu and I had couple of things in mind.

I ordered the lamb seekh kebab, I wanted that as an appetizer but they served it as a sandwich,
Sophie who was my server, was very helpful to make that possible.

The seekh Kabob were amazing, that is one of my favourite dishes if Indian cuisine, full of flavour and I would have 20 of them if I could.

Next course was chicken madras, it came with side of rice on one dish. 
I always like my rice and stew separate so I could easily control my portions. 
That was one of the best chicken madras I ever had, packed with Flavour, creamy and delicious.

I just wish the portion of rice and meat was equal but it's almost impossible to get that right.

I had to order more rice to finish the madras chicken.

Sophie did an amazing job and she was very helpful. Always checked to make sure everything is okay, and groomed the table once in a while.

I would most definitely come back again. 

Cost:
Bottled water ....$6.00
Papadums and chutney ....$5.00
Lamb kebab ......$18.00 ( this is a main dish, but I had it as an appetizer, I did not mind to pay full price)
Chicken Madras ...$17.00
Red onion & chillies ....$ 2.00
Side rice .....$3.00
Tax
Tips

-------
Total $69.16

Well worth the money.
