75HVFV2yYaaz0qH_KCgyFQ I have been going to Siddhartha for many years, since the owner of the current Siddhartha had been a server at the original Siddhartha (a little further west on the south side of the street from the current location).

The first thing that I noticed is that the owner picked up on some very strong decor sense from his time as a server at Dhaba and implemented a beautiful and serene environment at Siddhartha.

Secondly, he also instituted some strong customer service skills in his staff, that he himself exhibited as a server. As someone who basically grew up in Little India on Gerrard Street, I can tell you that customer service has been non-existent up until the original Siddhartha opened its doors about 20 years ago. The team at the current location have continued this tradition.

The third big win for me, is the chef. He has been consistent since he opened. The food is very Panjabi in nature, and hence, a little on the oily side.

However, the food is very flavourful. Sometimes, I can just eat the delicious rice and dhal from the buffet, and I am quite satisfied.

The pakoras are fresh and tasty, always, and the chutneys (tamarind and chili) are delicious!

As a vegetarian, I usually stick with Palak Panner, Aloo Ghobi and Dhal (as those are my favourites), however, I have tried the veggie korma and eggplant, and they are quite delicious, also!

I have been to other buffets on Gerrard Street, and I keep going back to Siddhartha. Why? Because it's the best buffet on Gerrard Street.

I noticed that someone wrote below that Italian spices don't belong in Indian cooking. Let's get something straight, some of the herbs that are predominant in Italian cooking, originally come from India, Iran and other Asian countries (i.e. basil). Do your homework before you make statements that detract from the integrity of the chef.

I also read something about pizza sauce ... perhaps this reviewer needs to do some research.

Chicken Tikka Masala, for example, originates from Scotland, not India, and was created to appease the UK palate. It's basically Tandoori Chicken with tomato soup. The result is not very Indian, but a dish that has become the number one fast food in the UK. 

Pizza sauce? Close enough.
