7BIbvCkI7AXQMVC1-DHpCA It was like a long dream come true. After much wait the search was complete and I can assure my friends from other states visiting me to have food at a decent indian restaurant in the valley. Though I have already spent 5 years in AZ spending first year to try out every indian restaurant in phoenix, tempe and mesa but somehow never came across Priya restaurant. After my cousin who is a frequent visitor to this place asked me to try it out I thought I will try it out on 1st jan 2011. I had 3 friends who are really choosy about Indian food. But Priya stood out to everyone's expectation. The menu consists of southindian and northindian food. i would rate the statndard of Sambar and chutney to be above other south indian restaurants in AZ. The buffet is so vast with 3 types of chicken, 4 kinds of rice including biriyani, vada, idly, rasam, green veg curries, cauliflower, orka brinjal and few other mouth watering dishes. Everything was delicious made to near perfection. The naan bread was soft and made with right amount of flour, soda and oil to make it soft even after it was cold. The dessert had carrot halwa and fruit salad which were more than just good. The andhra chicken was the ultimate dish they had and having this with naan reminded me of food on Indian Dhabas. When I asked the owner where did he get teh cook from he surprised me by saying her wife and kids cook it. I have every reason to believe it as per the taste comparing it with many indian restaurants where mexican chefs cook Indian food. If i ever think of Indian food, iw ill only think of Priya as long as I am in Phoenix. 

If i rate this restaurant's food as 10 then the seccond one will come at a distant 6 may be.

Pros - variety of food items, Taste nearly matching pure indian food, Owner was good friendly and down to earth.12$ will fetch you more than 12 items
Cons - tandori chicken was not upto mark but there are very few who can make actual tandoori chicken. if you are not indian and cant handle spices then may be you have to go easy on what you eat here.


All my feed back are based on my one time visit to this place. 

Arindam
