7LNuQqjcjAn0bBlGHIiQzQ Yelp brought me here to do a pre-diwali dinner for my friend.

It was maaaaad empty when we got here, aka we were the only table. We almost thought about getting up and going to Tandoori House next door, as it was a toss up between these two places.


So obviously the server was super nice to us. Though I think he saw me checking in to Yelp, so that could've been why too. But we were the only table here.

We ordered the :

1. Non Veg App Platter - 

Reshmi Kabob, Chicken Pakoras, Veggie Pakoras, Samosa, and a touch of salad.

I can't comment on the first two, because it arrived while I was washing my hands, and my friends devoured it, but they said it was amazing. The Veggie Pakoras were pretty awesome, and the Samosa was my favourite..it wasn't the typical punjabi style *thick crust* but more of what my mom makes, with a thin shell. It was awesome.


2. Prawn Tandoori - one word. YUM. So good. Portion was too small though. BUT YUM. Perfectly griller prawns (shrimps really. you don't get for real real prawns in Canada) on a bed of sizzling onions. They were perfectly juicy and amazing.

3. The Butter Chicken - so delicious. only white meat chunks. the gravy was thick and beautiful. Only complaint - the portion was too small :(

4. The Mutter Paneer - It wasn't just your standard Peas + Paneer. It was amped up with the beautiful addition of...Cashews! My 2nd favourite dish of the night. Seriously.

5. Raita + Cucumber Salad - Standard fare. When I read Cucumber Salad, I was hoping for Cachumber (sp?) salad, but it was still awesome anyways. I was the only one who ate it at the table because my friends are all carnivores.

6. Rice + Naan - awesome. You can't really ever go wrong.


Deserts:

1. Gulab Jamun - pretty good.

2. Kheer (Rice Pudding) - pretty good.

3. THE STAR OF THE WHOLE EVENING - HOMEFREAKINGMADE Kulfi. So FREAKING AMAZING. Non of that shit on a stick. This was the real real stuff the owner's wife made at home. The traditional kind, that you have to scrape with your spoon to eat. It was so good, that I took the container with me when errone was done eating and I ate it while walking around the street. For real real. This kulfi defo wasn't for play play.



The only reason I didn't give it 5 was the portion sizes. Otherwise, defo going back!

Maybe I wanna do their lunch buffet!


Oh, and super +++++++++++++++++

They comped my Kulfi and the RIce for us :)

No reason, the server just let us know with a smile!
