7mgNBuU68N5fzdG3JxN1XQ Man, I love this place. I go to the lunch buffet here all the time. Typically, I am not a fan of buffets, dry room temp food...bleh...but Indian food seems to hold up well on a buffet. 
   This is THE best of the best when it comes to Indian buffets. In case you haven't picked up on it yet, this review is purely on the lunch buffet since I have never ordered off of the regular menu. And who can decide anyways when faced with a full indian food menu?! Who doesn't want a veggie dish AND a meat dish...and daal and an app AND dessert .... or is it just me?? So I find myself way more decisive when going to the buffet. "I'LL HAVE SOME OF IT ALL THANKS!" Easy.
   So having been to my fair share of Indian buffets in my life including Aroma (which is good but the selection is quite limited) and the late great Namaste, I have found my home at Persis. I can't say enough good things...great selections of vegetarian options (usually end up being my fav thing on the buffet and great for when you get stuck having to eat with a vegetarian), the food is hot and the chicken is always tender (even though I usually go to the tail end of the buffet time), tastes great and has a nice level of spice ( I can see some items being too spicy for some but if you can't handle spice it is usually wise to steer clear of the dishes with chilis floating around in there), water is delivered instantly and the plates are cleared promptly after you are done with them, and the folks that work there are kind and very enthusiastic about you trying their country's cuisine. I am not usually much of a dessert fan, call me a savory gal if you will, but I do have a sweet spot ( see what I did there?!) for Indian desserts and Persis always has a great one or 2 or 3 on the buffet to wrap up the meal because of course you need more food in your belly after 3 rounds of the buffet!
  I only have a few constructive tips for how they could make the best even better. Fresh naan delivered to your table upon request (as they do at Aroma), throw a mutton dish on the buffet, and ALWAYS have the mushroom matar on there.
