7mgNBuU68N5fzdG3JxN1XQ A little rushed, however the food delivered. Coming in, it was pretty empty, but I believe they had a reserved party coming in sometime during the night but I didn't see them. Anyways, we sat down and ordered our drinks. My parents as Asian parents are, ordered hot water with lemon. We got warm faucet water, which didn't really sit well. I guess tea or coffee is on the menu? I didn't check. However, let's just say the water isn't stellar/filtered. Or if it is, they need to change it.

Anyways, what did we order? We ordered the 
1. Butter Chicken - I enjoyed this dish. I know I listed this first, but I actually ordered this last because I was curious on how it tasted. If you question on what to order, this is a pretty safe order.
2. Goat Curry - I wanted to try something new. The problem with this dish was that it's a little unknown on if you're just going to get a bowl of basically bones and not much meat. That's what made us a little scared about ordering this dish. What came out was a mix of what we expected, some of it was just bones and not a lot of meat, and then some of it was full of meat. It was sort of like half and half.
3. Chicken Chettinad - Chef's special. Weird one here. I asked the waiter if it was dry or if it had sauce to it. The waiter said it was just dry rub. In my mind, I'm thinking okay just dry. What came out was it was extremely close to one of the other dishes that we order. I can't remember if it was the Goat or the Shrimp. Anyways, it did have sauce to it. 
4. Shrimp Vartha Curry - This dish wasn't bad. It had shrimp mixed with a very similar curry. Both my parents and I enjoyed it.

In the end, what did I think of Persis? Definitely a stop for our family if we're craving for some Indian food. This restaurant wouldn't have been an option if the 485 wasn't finished. Now, since that part of the city is so close now all these restaurants are not a 30-45 minute drive anymore. This place is definitely a viable place that we will be back here for an Indian meal.
