-iFvYhgysvjkxckCr42NRw As soon as I saw Sangeetha's opening day review, I yelled at my husband, "Get in the car! There's a new Indian grocery in town!" Who cares that it was already getting dark and we live across town? Sangeetha spoke of bright lights and wide aisles. This I had to see!

(So, for those of you Yelping via the iPhone app, Sangeetha is truly the rightful "Duchess" of Rani's World Foods. I'm just the usurper who happened to be the first one able to check in via phone after she added it. Hopefully this abdication gets me out of hosting a ball or posing nude in the tabloids... sorry, my understanding of traditional Duchess responsibilities is pretty limited, but I'm pretty sure those are the big two. ANYway...)

I was expecting terrible parking like you sometimes get in those strip malls along Sahara, but the lot at Rani's was well marked and spaced and easy to maneuver. It was 7:30ish, so crowds had lessened from what Sangeetha described, but there were still plenty of customers. Unfortunately, the kitchen had run out of food and closed, but one girl was still walking around with her samosas and they smelled heavenly.

I've been pretty satisfied with an Indian grocery near Fort Apache (this doesn't seem the place to name names) for getting the things we need, but Rani's looks like it will be the go-to place for getting things we *want.*

For example, every Indian grocery seems to have Eno (the magic stuff for cross tummies), but Rani's has *lemon* Emo. It's those ittle extras like that that draw a line between "corner store" and "grocery store." I'm sure the Hobnob selection was the largest I've seen in town, and let's not start swoonies over the Flakes, Crunchies, Bounties, and other British sweets. Spices aren't just in bags and small jars but are in the huge, huggable sizes as well, and the spices get their own, well-organized aisle that must be twice the length as anywhere else. Rani's is also the first place I've seen that carries whipping cream (local from Anderson Dairy) in quart containers. Maybe other places have all of these things, but if so, I probably missed it in the underlit, cramped spaces that are typical for so many of the little shops. 

Think supermarket, not mini-market. Rani's has carts and baskets and reusable bags. The aisles are wide, clean, and well-lit. (Alas, it seems to be a universal custom that customers will choose to have their long, oblivious conversations, surrounded-by-rings-of-leaping-children, in the middle of such spaces.) In the back of the store (which is somewhat V-shaped) is the aforementioned kitchen. In the middle of all of this are two ultra-modern checkouts - conveyor belts, big LCD screens, and extremely friendly cashiers. These guys are thinking big, and I like how they think.

(Which is not, despite how it sounds, a put-down of the other places. I think there's room enough for everyone, just like the way 7-11, Albertsons, and Whole Foods aren't quite in direct competition.)

What really sets Rani's apart, though - aside from the spacious and organized environment - are the produce and dairy sections. Let's just say I don't think these guys will run out of paneer anytime soon! (Yes, I admit to not always making my own paneer... and by "not always" I mean "every time other than those three times I made sad little handfuls of crumbling curd.") Again, maybe other places have the same array of vegetables appropriate for an Indian feast, but what a difference it makes when everything is laid out so nicely.

The woman who checked us out asked where we heard about them, and I mentioned Sangeetha's review. As the conversation continued, I told her I'd just checked in on Yelp on my phone and would add another glowing review to their Yelp page when I got home. She was anxious that I should know that the store was looking a bit chaotic and not at its best, what with all the customers for opening day, but to me everything looked as clean, bright, and more tidy than you'd expect with customers still everywhere. Really commendable.

Rani's deserves five stars: they have indisputably raised the bar for all Indian groceries in town; the staff is extremely courteous and professional; and we were able to find everything we wanted for a fair price. The only way I could be more pleased is if they start selling Rose's Lime Juice Cordial (the kind made with sugar, not HFCS) or - better yet! - start giving cooking demonstrations or - even better yet! - proper cooking classes. Please give that a think, RWF, and congratulations on the start of something wonderful!
