7NurnM6G9b_2jTEKpIkQpg I'd give this place 2.5-3 stars.

I think this place is a little hidden away on Ellesmere Rd. between McCowan and Bellamy. I passed by this place countless times but never noticed it was a restaurant.

After reading the reviews on Yelp I decided to visit them during a busy period (Sat. at 6:30-7:00 p.m.) to see how the staff performed under pressure and the quality of food.

When I walked in my initial impression was, "wow, it's pretty busy." There seemed to be a dozen people waiting near the cash registers (more were entering the parking lot), and my interpretation was that it was a line of people waiting to order food.

After a few minutes in the line I noticed that there were two things happening. (1) There didn't really seem to be a line of people at the registers rather than people just waiting there, and (2) many others were being immediately helped in front of the takeout food for their orders. I asked the cashier about this as she said that if you wanted to order food you need to stand over in front of the food instead on the registers. As someone new to the store, I would have appreciated at least a sign differentiating between the two cues so I wouldn't be ambling about without a clear picture of what was happening.

When I was ordering I indicated my interest in vegetarian food, and asked about veggie options. The lady behind the counter said they had veggie samosas and 2-3 other dishes. I did a quick scan of all the prepared food they had out, which impressively seemed to number around 30, and asked why they has so few veggie options at an Indian restaurant during dinner rush. The lady said they were all out. I specifically asked about veggie biryani, and the lady said they ran out of it around 3 p.m.

How could there only be 1 main vegetarian dish and 3 vegetarian sides at 7pm on Saturday night? Clearly this place has a set amount of food that's prepared each day and when it's gone it isn't replaced.

So, I ordered veggie samosas (side dish) and another dish (veggie main dish: small thin noodles) and left.

The veggie samosas are 4 for $1, and I honestly have to say that the pricing is fair for this product ($0.25 each). The filling was heavy on potatoes with a hint of ginger but there wasn't much else in there. I had expected some peas, carrots, or other veggies. The noodle dish was tasty, but it lacked dimension as there wasn't much more to it than spiced noodles and bay leaves (I think I got 10 small Bay leaves with my order of noodles).

I don't know if I'd come back here, however, I am certain it wasn't worth the 20 minute walk to get there. For me, there just doesn't seem to be anything special about the dishes, location, or service that would warrant a trip back there.
