7SBtCKKeHbdB6-dIIkcZXw Hmm i had high hopes for this festival however left feeling disappointed. 
There was just not much of anything at this festival to warrant the $10 + let cost. (keep in mind that the foodie feat is $8) in addition most festivals on Spring Mountain are free. So if you are going to charge for an Asian festival, expectations are going to be high

There were no merch booth section was ridiculously small and were not worth the time to look at all. I would assume since it's and Asian festival that there would be Asian type stuff to buy but most of the booths were consultation type ones or were births that were trying to get you to buy a service or a timeshare. I guess that's kinda Asian lol..

There were no cultural booths to educate anyone on what they are celebrating just quick tid-bits of cultural dancing followed by a major dose of hip-hop. 

The food booths were comprised of many local Vegas restaurants and food trucks. Many f the food booths (mostly Thai and satay booth)were downright disgusting nearly all of them had skewered food sitting out for God knows how long waiting for some sucker to buy them.. We steered far away from those. On top of many of the food booths charged an arm and a leg for their food. I know that is to be expected  at an event but when it's $2.00 more than their restaurant menu price and combined with a smaller portion makes for a craptastic experience. 
In addition why is McDonald's there? The only thing Asian about McDonald's is that we all used to work there? 

One big minus for me was the lack of SnowOno shave ice. The shaved ice booth on location was Bleh! I could have done a better job with my snoopy shave ice maker at home!

The only saving grace on the food was they brought in a few out of town trucks like fluffy ice. 
We spent $60+ there and still left hungry. 

There was an abundance of rental carnival rides and carnival related food booths. Why? Just another way to try and make more money.

My honest opinion is save your money and go to the foodie fest instead. If you are feeling Asian inspired then get your kicks at one of the many festivals held on Spring Mountain during the year.
