7xA6iSP0Ndn08tpBFQtUKA 6/5 for service! This is not our first time here, but tonight's service was exceptionally great. Every staff member we encountered was caring, professional, and thorough. I do not consume dairy at all anymore and mentioned my food intolerance tonight. The servers and kitchen staff all took it very seriously, going as far as to note it on paper, omit dairy products from products that normally have dairy (i.e. roti, eggplant bharta), and warning me before every course which dishes do still contain dairy since my partner still enjoys it. Our water glasses were constantly refilled and despite how busy it was here tonight the servers never forgot about us. Only downside was that food was a bit slow to arrive at our table, but it has been a busy night.

Very vegetarian friendly, but vegans do make sure you tell the staff in advance of your dietary restrictions because as I learned tonight that even vegan sounding dishes like eggplant bharta, dal makhani, and vegetable samosas contain animal products/dairy. In the case of breads and veggie dishes, modifications can be made to exclude dairy, but in the case of vegetable samosas they cannot as the samosas actually come frozen and they reheat it - we don't recommend ordering the samosas here as only 2 comes per order and there's not much filling.

Complimentary papadum to start along with 2 sauces, but additional sauces like mango chutney must be ordered individually. Carbs such as naan and rice are also not complimentary, so you must order these additionally. If you're looking for a healthier alternative to naan, which tends to be white flour and buttery, I recommend ordering the roti ($2.25), which is whole wheat, resembles a naan, and can come with or without butter. The vegetarian mains are quite small and at least $10.95, so I do recommend ordering a few different mains and sharing. I liked the eggplant bharta, which was moderately spicy, enough to induce that tingly sensation. 

The food highlight tonight was actually the vegan Bhel Chaupati appetizer ($5.95), which is quite a large portion though not that filling since the grains are puffed, not dense. It's basically chaat - well seasoned semi-sweet and -savory and has an interesting texture that's crunchy yet a bit chewy too.

No outdoor seating. Venue gets a bit noisy due to all the families and young children here, but nothing too loud like the bars across the street. We did notice that most of the clientele appear to be Indian, so that can only be a good sign :)

Cheaper, but not as classy as 259 Host nearby, but arguably one of the better downtown Indian restaurants. Great for groups and families, maybe not so much for first dates. Will return!
