7xfeQhen2wLnvFuQNvmTAg Horrible service! I want to give them a zero star.  We were there to celebrate our wedding anniversary and had a very sub-par experience to say the least.

If they ever want to seat you in 'the room', please decline or wait for a different table. 'The room' itself is off on the side so you cannot wave anybody over if you need service. Also, there is a table for 2 where you enter the 'the room'. So if someone is seated there you cannot go in or out of 'the room' without having to ask the people there to move. Once you are in that room you are as good as forgotten when it comes to service. They will come in 5 minutes after you get your appetizer to get orders for your entrees and then forget about you. I had to call the restaurant twice while I was in 'the room' to get service. Then the manager shows up and said that the staff was over twice to take entree orders which had happenned  20 minutes before I had to call the front desk. We had just received our appetizers when they came over to ask for entrees. We had told them to give us some time while we worked on the appetizer. At this point they should have just apologized and comp-ed our meal. I got a 'we did our job' and 'do you want to order anything else before we get your check' kind or response.

The staff is clueless about what is on the menu. You will get answers like 'I do not know anything about the non-vegetrian options' or ' i do not know anything about alcohol or beer options'. Then you have to tell them to bring someone who can answer those questions for you. Am I running the restaurant or your staff is? For the prices they are charging they might as well hire someone with knowledge of what is on the menu or provide some training to the staff. 

The scale of hotness for their food is rated from 1 to 10. We ordered the paneer which was supposed to be a 5 but turned out to be more of a 8. Our toddler spit out the food once and refused to eat it afterwards.
We also ordered the 'malai chicken kebab' which was overdone for some pieces and ok for the others.
I would suggest you skip this restaurant if you want any semblance of service. The ambiance is nice but you can go to the art museum to get a more authentic experience in the Indian exhibits.
