82fdk8YOZ67hl_t66BydzA "Cuisine indienne" as its called in these parts, was a something I was craving for badly during one of my last trips to Montreal. Already a city filled with so many ethnic options, Taj was literally the closest Indian place near our hotel. There are almost always questions for me before I head out to a new place: Is it local? Who goes there? What are the prices? How is the food? etc. Without consultation of my group due to my affinity for Indian cuisine, I immediately set forth for Le Taj and never looked back. 

It so happened to be during their lunch buffet hour, which at that time was priced at $12.95. Even before the clock struck noon, the place was crowded enough to warrant a wait for 4. While I waited I noticed how clean and modern the restaurant was. Some gourmet Indian establishments prefer the maharaja palatial look, where as Le Taj was simple, elegant, and sophisticated.

The buffet was wonderfully presented. Everything from the serving spoon to the trays they were served in were immaculate. There was a service person on hand to wipe away any immediate spills and adjust items if they were put out of place. I thought the job was a bit tedious and unnecessary initially, but it really does make a difference for how people perceive lunch hour gluttony in buffet form.

There was an amazing slew of options, with an adequate veggie to meat ratio along with some stellar desserts and sides. All of this food was presented in an open window where someone in the back was baking fresh naan (to be served table side) and dangling along a skewer was some freshly made tandoori chicken. I couldn't stop eating the fish curry here, it was perfectly flaky, the curry was rich without all the excess oil. I was also a very impressed with their lamb vindaloo, which was a little bit sweet and a lot savory, I went for seconds only moments after gobbling the first go-around. The naan was fluffy and even fragrant; a puffy bit of goodness that was a great complement to the meal. With the exception of rasmalai and burfi, I am not one for desserts, however the mini-grenade sized galub jamuns were as stellar as I've ever had.

Service was quick and professional. They were attentive throughout the experience and were awesome all around. They were also armed with individual credit card machines, which made it an easy process to check out and pay without hassle.

I've been back several times since and I've been quite satisfied each time. The buffet has since surged to $14.95, but with that the options have also been souped up as well. I've eaten some scrumptious veggie dishes (veggie samosa, fried cauliflower, sag paneer, aloo gobi, eggplant) and some excellent meat curries (goat biriyani, sag murgh, chicken makhani), which have all been delicious enough to give this place my blessing.
