86d1M8MMrb94n5djgKWqEQ I personally don't like giving a one star rating but I think this place is overrated and my experience was not good in all areas. I was in the area so I decided to give this place a try since the rating was not that bad. First, my impression of the place when I first walked in was that it looked like a grungy bar in the west end (no offense). I was expecting bikers to walk in at any point in time, so no points for decor. They sat us down right away in a dark corner. We looked at the menu for a few minutes and wanted to order and we had a few questions. We were just here to eat and leave and weren't here to socialize with our friends, but no one came to our table and didn't seem to acknowledge our existence. We finally got someone's attention where we had to literally scream at someone to get some service, cause they all seem to be running away from us, perhaps they were busy and understaffed? No excuses! 

We ordered the meal for two people and I highly don't reccommend it because it's not really the deal that you think it is. Our waiter was not knowledgable and was constantly confused about their restaurant menu. He didn't know what the chef's appetizer was today. But we were fine and just wanted our food. The meal makes you order a chicken entree and a veggie entree. So we ordered butter chicken and saffron vegetables. The saffron sounded really good because it said it had cashews in the sauce. 

So when our appetizers came, we had already waited for more than 20 mins since we ordered. They were these four tiny triangles (samosas) and the skin didn't have the consistency that I was used to. Maybe they were more healthy but at that point I didn't care, I was HUNGRY!!!. We had to wait another 20 minutes for our entrees to come, seriously? Do I really think that they were making our food from scratch? Because it would have taken the same amount of time. So our two entrees came with rice and naan. The rice was fine nothing special just plain rice. The naan came cold! I thought this stuff was supposed to be fresh. The butter chicken was okay, tasted more like tomato sauce chicken, no butter. The saffron vegetables was a big disappointment, it was full of the what looked like frozen vegetables, beans, peas, corn and the little bits of carrots. There might have been one piece of paneer in there. The saffron sauce didn't taste like it had much cashews in it, it didn't have the nutty taste or the gritty consistency. It was terrible even the generic Compliments butter chicken sauce you get in a jar at Metro tastes better. I had a hard time scoffing it down with some cold naan. At this point, when I thought there was only two waiters working their butts off the "owner" came and asked us how our food was and proceeded to tell us how they use this healthy style of cooking to make their foods. If this style consists of removing the main ingredients of your dishes like butter and cashews then you have succeeded! He was being all fake and all and I hated it, I'm like no BS pls. Where were you when we were waiting for our waiter and our food? You could have made yourself useful and made some samosas or something, (or maybe he was, if so I apologize but still one star). 

Overall it was a bad experience for me, if what they meant by fusion is to take out good quality ingredients and replace with bland foods then I am not okay with that.
