86d1M8MMrb94n5djgKWqEQ Sorry it took so long for my review, but here goes...

I LOVED Nawab. My brother and I hosted a UYE here way way back in October for about 40 lucky people, and boy was it a blast!

Its located right next to North York Centre, or across from Mel Lastman Square, so the location is pretty great!

(I'd come here if I was all businessing it up in the area, I hear they have great lunch specials!)

(Yes, I just made up the word businessing. #DealWithIt yo)

The restaurant was a lot bigger than I though it would be, which was pretty awesome. There is two seating areas with different levels, which I really thought was cool.

The owner Alfie was super nice, and did a great job hosting us!

So on to the food, which we did sharing stylezz

Apps:

1. Nawab Veg Balls- these were awesome. I didn't think I could like veg ballz so much, but damn, it was good. The sauce they were dipped in was so creamy and nutty, it was amazing. These are a DEFINITE must HAVE. :)

2. The Chicken Lollipops were FANTASTIC. They tasted just like how I used to love them growing up...how come we don't see them around that much at other restaurants? Its basically an indian chicken wing, but they prep it so its like a little drumette lollipop. Delicious.

3. The Green Poutine : I actually missed this one because I was too busy walking around..

4. The Seekh Kebab : A lot of people though this was dry, but I reall enjoyed it. I just guess I ain't never met a seekhie I didn't like!


Mains:

1. DAT LAMB SLIDERZ THOUGH. Pulled lamb wrapped up in a crispy naan..this is what I was waiting for before coming here. I LOVED IT. Sidenote: I actually missed this one, but Alfie was super gracious enough to make me one seperately during the end. LOVED IT + Worth the wait.

2. The Saffron Chicken : This was awesome. It's like a creamier, less tomatoey version of Butter Chicken, and I really liked it. It's an interesting take, and I'd love to try that again.

3. Channa Masala - it was pretty standard fare, I didn't have more than a bite b/c man's didn't wanna get too gassy/also I was pretty stuffed by this point!


Desert :

Gulab Jamun - yummy and fresh and hot and yummy and gulaby :)

(gulab means rose, so..rosey)


Drinks:

I got to try the Paan Mojito which sounded great in theorry, but could've used mint + paan leaves, instead of just the paan.

Also had the drink with rose syrup, tonic and gin I think, that was AMAZING. Like a classier Rooh Afza, if you know what that is :)


I love this place! Thank you to Nawab for hosting us, and I will defo be back soon!
