-iFvYhgysvjkxckCr42NRw My mind is toggling with how much I like this place. I start with a neutral three star, and either increase or decrease my rating. Okay so honestly... I'm missing Bombay Bazaar in Riverside, CA. They were a clean store, very organized, many selections, carried falooda kulfi, and extremely friendly helpful owners. I walked into Rani's and I wasn't wow-ing.

The store carries A LOT of products however. So I'm glad about that. I took my time through the isles cuz there were items I was thinking of trying. And with my inclination to read labels, to see what I can do with some ingredients, I discovered some turn offs.

I was eyeing the ginger garlic paste. I know I could mix that in with plenty of recipe creations. I checked out two that they had on the shelves - Asian Kitchen & Rani brand. Bitter faced, I read they had expired this past June or July  : /

I came in for flatbread though. I did find what I wanted. Lots of choices! Found the garlic naan yahoooo! And a variety of parathas  : D  Only thing was in the frozen foods section, some packages were misplaced, fallen or left there mishapped. I literally wanted to organize them all back. Maybe they needed help  : /  I  didn't know for certain what I picked was for that shelf price. It's fine I wanted what I placed in the basket.

Walking toward the cashier, I checked if they had rose ice cream (falooda) in the kulfi freezer box. There were miscellaneous frozen food items covering the ice cream tubs. Who did that?! Customers maybe... or were they placed there temporarily for go backs later... 8 \

No buy 2 get 1 free on ready to eat selections here ppptthh. But again LOTS of selections I like. I also like their expanse of hair care products. They have a tall shelf filled with incense - very nice! There's also a restaurant and a decent seating area. Restaurant wasn't open tonight, but pics already posted show some delish rice plates.

Being Rani's is the only Indian grocery store I've found to be closest, I'll be settling to shop here.
