8mKV3KThn3wXGL3OVxrCNg Let me first start off by saying that I'm Indian and have plenty of knowledge of Indian food and what it should taste like.

Sitara does it right. If you are looking for Indian food in Champaign there is no point of trying other restaurants. When we arrived it was busy, the wait was only about 10 minutes but we elected to sit in a booth since it was more spacious, I suggest you do the same it makes the experience much better. We ordered the shrimp pakora as an appetizer. It came out in about 15 minutes, there are 6 pieces total in an order. The appetizer was delicious. First, the batter they used to deep fry the shrimp had the perfect amount of spice to still be able to appreciate the flavor of the shrimp. The shrimp itself was fresh and had great flavor to it. The green chutney they gave was obviously homemade, and along with the shrimp, was delicious. 

As for my entree I had the lamb vindaloo. If you like real spicy food, not buffalo sauce spicy but REAL spice, you have to have a small chat with the server. I ordered my entree at a 5 level spice and was not disappointed. The sauce the lamb came in was full of spice and even made me sweat. The lamb was extremely tender, except for a few pieces that were a little fatty. There was only one thing wrong with the dish, vindaloo implies that there are vegetables in the dish. Traditionally these vegetables are onion and green pepper, and there are a few pieces of each in it. This dish gave me 2 pieces of broccoli. I was really shocked when I saw that. Why on earth would you put broccoli in an indian dish, and only 2 pieces of it?! I ordered garlic naan with my entree and was a little disappointed in it. There wasn't much presence of garlic. The naan was great and I recommend you order it, just don't upgrade to garlic naan. 

Apart from the broccoli and the lack of vegetables in my entree, the food was great. I highly recommend it. If you do go make sure you order King Fisher beer. It is an Indian beer and matches great with the spices.
