8mKV3KThn3wXGL3OVxrCNg My wife and I ate here for the first time this Father's Day (2014). The restaurant is small and can easily be missed if you drive by in the car. There is no street parking, but there is ample parking in the structure immediately behind Sitara (and parking in the structure currently is free on weekends and on weekday evenings). Inside it is clearly a former bar. Lots of wood, a beautiful bar; a few booths and small tables line the South side of Sitara. 

Service was excellent. We were greeted as soon as we walked in, and seated immediately. The lunch menu is extensive, with sections for appetizers, vegetable dishes, lamb dishes, fish dishes, chicken dishes, bread dishes, and rice dishes (each with as few as 10 or as many as 20 listings). When we visited the prices began at 7.99, with most at 9.99. Meals include either naan or rice and an entree. We tried a lamb and a fish dish, and we both liked both of them. We also had an appetizer of vegetables prepared tempura-like with delicious sauces.

Our water and drink glasses were never less than half full and both our waiter and other employees checked on us several times during the meal, making sure the food was good, hot, spiced properly, etc. There were several tables with children, but there doesn't appear to be a children's menu. (They may have one, but we didn't see it.) The tables are small and close together, so it may be difficult for a person in a wheelchair or walker. The naan was freshly made when we ordered it, and it was delicious. Just a slight puff, but still dense; you could taste the char-grill on it, just right, as should be the case. The lamb was tender and plentiful in the sauce. The fish was excellent too, though to my taste the sauce overwhelmed the fish flavor a little too much. Tasty, but I prefered the lamb because the balance of meat and sauce flavors let the best of both come through.

There were several flat screen televisions playing Indian music videos. They were not unpleasant-- not too loud and one could easily talk and be heard. 

All in all I like Sitara a lot and recommend it highly. Everything is freshly made and delicious. We will definitely return to try other menu items!
