92g7A0sCbb7VklNyoJphew I have been here before over the years and have enjoyed the buffet, but did notice quality reducing with each visit. 
Wow! Talk about a horrible dinner. I had to give this a 1 star because there is no lower choice - if there were I would say - avoid at all costs...more like a - (minus) 10. 

 Went to the Richmond Hill location Sunday evening (27-May-2012 about 7 pm) and tried the buffet - turned out to be the worst food I have ever tasted in my life - and seriously - that is no exaggeration. 
Most of the food was obviously leftovers from a previous event - perhaps the afternoon buffet. Here is a summary: 
White rice - overcooked, mixed with undercooked rice - so I guess you would think it evens out ;) 
Made to order dosa (crepe) - pathetic, limp & colourless - for those who have eaten a dosa before, this tasted nothing like the real thing. 
Sambar - passable, but did not taste like any other sambhar I have ever had before :( tasted more like a poor attempt at making India curry for the first time in your life :(( - with scraps of potato, a couple of tiny tomato pieces 
Rasam - passable) 
Plain vada - overcooked and reheated 
Vada is tamrind sauce - great invention - but for who? vada in sambhar or rasam in the traditional style would have been more than sufficient - but of course - they probably realize that the sambhar here is not actually sambhar, so were forced to look for a way out to make the overcooked reheated vadas edible. 
Daal - was actually the only thing that was edible and I actually enjoyed it with the overcooked/under cooked rice combo dish. 
Vegetable - some form of proiyal (dry vegetable dish with coconut) - burnt and dried out beyond recognition - it may even have been meat ;) it was that transformed. 
Now to the curries - 
Butter chicken - an item that should really be left to those who actually know the difference between that and regular chicken curry - what we got was some chicken that was shredded (from stirring it too much while cooking I guess) and this of course must have been made by the same cook who made the sambhar - and turned out to be a cross between tomato soup and Sri Lankan style chicken curry - must have started with one and then changed direction I guess - awful!! 
Fish curry - gravy was fine, hardly an pieces with any meat - tons of tail and head, but meat - scarce - as well the few 1 inch cubes I could find were over cooked - like hard cottage cheese - what a waste of fish. 
Deserts: Ice creams were fine - payasaam (Indian pudding) was stale and obviously left over. 

 I had decided not to have a before dinner drink - BIG MISTAKE - Should have ordered a couple of Doubles - that would probably have numbed my tongue and at least allowed me to eat something... 
Enough said I guess - Can someone please post an update IF and WHEN they actually get a good meal at this place!!!
