9AnvV8V-UvA_rFhMCr_Dlw I was here during their soft opening for the lunch buffet about a month ago.  I came back tonight for dinner.  The food was very pleasing.  The service was off which resulted in me removing a star from my earlier review.

The food was excellent!  The Andhra curry with chicken was beautifully spiced.  I got it at a spice level of 7 on a 1-10 scale.  I could have done eight or nine.  There was some kick but I like it spicier, not inferno, but reasonably spicy for normal people.  The samosas were good with good ground lamb and the basmati rice was well prepared.  The garlic naan rounded out a nice meal along with the gulab jamun for dessert.

Now to the service.  When I arrived, there were two tables besides me occupied.  There were perhaps four people covering the floor.  One man took by order for the samosas while I looked at the menu trying to decide on the main course.  He also asked for my drink order.  I asked for iced tea and he responded with sweet or unsweetened.  Unsweetened it was and he brought me a small dish with some regular sugar and several artificial sweetener packs.  Shortly into eating the samosas, when my tea wasn't even down a third, a server asked if I wanted a tea refill.  I responded with a not right now.

I finished the samosas, the curry, and my gulab jamun before someone picked up the empty glass--it had been for much of my meal by then--and brought it back full.  I added a packet of sweetener and then tasted this awful flavor because they had brought the sweetened tea which now had artificial sweetener also in it.  It tasted like raspberry tea but I only took a swallow or two and then left the rest.

There was a woman going around with a tablet taking orders from tables which are then instantly sent to the kitchen.  She seemed to be the key employee tonight.  When I was brought my bill, I saw that there was a large error.  The gulab jamun was charged at $80.  (I did not post the photo of that bill but I have it).  The person who brought the check went after the tablet carrier who then was occupied with a party of 4 at the "self serve" by the ounce wine and beer area.  I can see why it can't be completely self serve.  I have friends who would drink them dry unless monitored.  This, however, held up the redoing of the bill.

The service seemed like there was no coordination nor clear cut responsibilities.  No dirty dishes were removed from the table except for the samosa one.  All my dishes from the main course were on the table when the gulab jamun was brought.  I lifted my dinner plate to make room and placed it to the left and away from the eating area.  The person who brought the gulab then picked up that plate and took it but nothing else was ever cleared from the table while I was there.   It's been a month so they have had time to train the staff and the staff has had time to do their jobs.  This won't keep me from coming back because the food is so good but service people, you need to get your acts together.
