9AnvV8V-UvA_rFhMCr_Dlw While pulling into the open parking lot, the area around Mint Indian Bistro was clean, spacious, and well maintained. The restaurant was lit up and easy to see from multiple angles of the streets. The parking lot was quiet, and other businesses around were winding down for the day while the restaurants nearby were opening back up for dinner. I found shaded parking in front of the building, and walked into the restaurant at around 5:30 pm on a Friday night. 

Upon entering Mint Indian Bistro, I was greeted in a timely manor by an employee of how many people were in my party. I was dining alone, and they offered me a comfortable booth in the corner of the restaurant. The atmosphere was open spaced, modern décor, and had a Buddha theme with black and silver colors complimenting the cultural murals on the wall. The establishment had a lounge area, buffet area, bar top, and a private dining area. Only one other table had been present since the restaurant opened at 5:00 pm for dinner. 

The music playing was upbeat, easygoing, and had an ethnic techno genre. Very fitting for the restaurant, and set the mood for the Indian inspired atmosphere. The aroma of the ingredients in curry, coconut, exotic spices, and chili pepper flowed through the restaurant. The overall atmosphere was very welcoming, enticing, friendly, and gave you a sense that you were in a fine Indian cuisine establishment. The server was very tentative, and helped assist in the perfect dishes to explore. The server suggested the popular pakoda with fresh vegetables as an appetizer, and chicken tikka masala as an entrée.

Starting with the popular pakoda appetizer, the sight was alluring with the colors on the plate. The appetizer was a fried dish, with two different sauces on the side. The pakoda was light brown colored, grainy, curdled, and asymmetrical. One of the sauces was a mint, deep green, and the other was honey colored brown sauce. The mint green sauce was creamy, pureed, and brightly colored. The brown sauce was translucent, dull, and had a glossy appearance. The aroma of the pakoda was mild, and the sauces had a sweet and sour contrast to them. The aroma of green sauce was minty, with hints of cilantro. The other brown sauce had aromas of tamarind and honey. 

Biting into the pakoda was mild, nutty, and slightly sweet. The flavor was mild until dipping into the sauces, which enhanced the experience. The sauces made the dish memorable, and paired well with the fried vegetable appetizer. The texture of the pakoda was semi solid, crumbly, moist, and smooth. The dish was served warm, slightly oily, and was fibrous. The balance was soft when chewing, and very savory with the paired sauces. Highly recommended. 

The chicken tikka masala came in a silver bowl with a side of white rice. The tikka masala was brightly colored red/orange, and had a creamy curry like appearance. The aroma was a combination of coconut, onion, garlic, and hints of chili and ginger. The dish was strong tasting with the exotic ingredients, and very flavorful over the white rice. The chicken tikka masala was slightly salty, sharp, and very savory. The texture was semi solid, lumpy, moist, mushy and very creamy. The dish was served hot, smooth texture, liquid like, and was had a melting sensation once it hit your tongue. Very complimenting balance of ingredients, flavors, textures, and overall experience. The combination of the two dishes truly gave the essence of Indian culture and cuisine with fresh ingredients, prompt service, and expert knowledge on the dishes.
