9cGvOaA1BYw-ByOXjNbu9A I saw this place on Yelp! and I since I live nearby and now love Indian food, I thought I'd stop in.  According to what I read, the buffet is open at 5pm on Sundays, but when I arrived after 5pm on a Sunday, the buffet was not open.  In fact, the restaurant was open, but the lights were off and the owners were chatting at a table by the door.  I walked to inquire about the hours for the buffet.  They said, "6 o'clock", to which, I replied, "I'll be back."

So I returned at 6:16 PM and there was now a sign blinking that said, "Open".  Plus, the lights were on and there was one group of people dining.  This place is very large and can seat lots of people.  It's as if their dream was to one day accommodate lots and lots of guests to fine Indian cuisine.  Well, that day may never come, I'm sad to report.

There was no one at the front desk to greet me so I had to walk back into the restaurant before a young, shy Indian woman approached me.  It was as if she was thinking, "What the hell is THAT guy doing here?"  I asked if the buffet was open and she said yes.  I asked many other questions too because she was not offering any info.

Anyway, to make a long story somewhat shorter, I finally received several containers to put some buffet goodies in to take to my family, as planned.

If you want to know the names of the dishes, you're going to have to visit yourself because I sure do not know!  I first selected some chicken with onions and peppers in a curry sauce because it was obviously the only main course.  Then I grabbed some yellow rice with more peppers and onions and spices.  Then I grabbed some bread with spices on it.  I spooned some chutney into the little sauce cups they gave me and looked for some curried veggies.  Found those, and loaded up the remaining area in my dinner container.  I was hoping to check out quickly and be on my way, but I had to wait 10 minutes for four dosas to be ready.  

While I was waiting, I noticed a bar in the back with a huge selection of top shelf alcohol.  It was right next to the small buffet, which was odd.

After about 15 minutes in total and paying my $14 bill, I finally was on my way home.  

I invited my wife and kids to eat the food, but it ended up being too spicy for their pallets.  Compared to the other Indian restaurants I've been to, this food was at least two notches higher on the Scoville scale.  Everything was spicy except the carrot and sugar dessert.  It was good though.

The chicken with peppers and onions had some kick, but the taste was very good.  The yellow rice also packed a punch, but had a decent flavor.  The bread had a mild spice, was tough, but decent.  I'm used to bread that is hot, steaming, and falling apart, however.  The curried veggies were my favorite.  They had a little spice and lot of flavor.  Loved those!  Finally, the dosas were very spicy, but very tasty.  They had potatoes, garlic, and some other ground up veggies in them.

Overall, the meal was pretty tasty, but it had a lot of kick...more kick than my family likes.  So we won't be going here again.  

I am hoping that one day, my family will learn to like Indian food.  It would be nice to visit a local Indian restaurant that serves mild food with the spicy chutneys on the side (like Taj India Palace), so you can dictate the Scoville level of your meal.
