9coZa838egYONxSdTe-wUg I had to actually put my food down to write a review of this incredible place. I thought I had exhausted the selection of non-pizza takeout in the brentwood area when yelp brought this lovely little gem to my attention. set in a nondescript strip mall on route 51 just south of its intersection with Brownsville road, this place is easy to miss. (pause for a snack...okay let's do this.) The service was great. the people working there were so sweet and my food was on time.

For my entree I ordered the Tika Masala chicken. On the yelp ordering tool, there are 4 spicy levels: mild, medium, spicy and very spicy. I chose very spicy and put a note to make it as spicy as it gets because I can handle it. When they handed me my food it was accompanied by a small ramekin of red sauce. The gentleman told me this was for extra spice if I wanted, but that I should be careful because it's really spicy. the woman working the register agreed. "it's hot" she said. To be honest, at first I was skeptical of this. I have been handed many a ramekin of mystery red sauce at many a restaurant and told many a time that it was the spicy sauce to end all spicy sauces. I've been let down before. But folks, I say this to all my spicy food addicted friends: this is it. As soon as I got home I opened the ramekin of forbidden sauce and dipped my finger in it to try it because I'm a badass. it tasted like hot pepper extract. there is *no salt* in here. it's just the essence of the fires of hell distilled into perfection. Also, my food was pretty darn spicy to begin with. 

So it's obvious I'm a spicy food fanatic and this place hit the spot, but the quality of the food was also great. the Tika Masala was delicious and tasted homemade. It wasnt just spicy and nothing else, it had a great depth of flavor and noticeable notes of various spices that I embarrasingly can't identify. I could tell the chicken was fresh. The dish came with rice, but I ordered a side of Naan too. They obviously make this in-house as well. It was really good.

I also ordered a starter of the steamed vegetable mo mo and I love that as well. These are delicious plane or with the interesting spicy sauce they come with. I have been snacking on them while I write this review. You get 10 of them for 7.99, which brings me to my last thing:

Everest is really reasonably priced. I got all my food including my extra side of naan for under $20. Most entrees are about $10. I will definitely be back. get yourself there, you won't regret it!
