0NmTwqYEQiKErDv4a55obg I'm a huge Scott Conant fan. His food is my food, yo. 

Went back last weekend and the boyf and I went full throttle. 3 pastas! That's how we roll! 

I've never had an entree here, I could leave most of the appetizers (except for a ridiculously awesome gazpacho), but the pasta is SICK. 

Ratings:
#1 Spaghetti with tomato sauce:  OK- how does he do it? It's some pasta, it's some tomato sauce. Why is this heaven? It's tart, rich, chewy- this could be a whole meal. I've scoured the interwebs and come up with a pretty good approximation of his sauce (hint, infused olive oil, fast cooking times, butter, fresh basil, and grated parmigiano play a big role). But that pasta, how is it fresh and al dente all at once? The waiters are all coy minxes about this one. 

#2 Foie Gras ravioli: Very rich, cloying in a good way: super umami and flavor town. This doesn't skimp on the foie. We love it. 

#3 Stracci- Leek and shellfish rough cut pasta. Subtle and awesome, the pasta is again the star of the show. It's silky and coated in a wonderful leek sauce. I'm a salt nut and thought this could have been more heavily seasoned. 

#4 Truffle tagliarelle- Special last weekend. We had to try it. This was almost too subtle. It was almost refreshing, which you wouldn't expect from a cream and truffle based sauce. 

#5 Lobster Black Farfalle- Actually, the truffle and the lobster were at around the same level for me. This was again very subtle, deliciously textured pasta, the lobster was happy, but not the star. 

It's all great here, but if you don't get the spaghetti with pasta sauce, you're doing yourself a disservice. 

Atmosphere is fine, if you can, request a table close to the window to view the Bellagio water show. 

Waitstaff is generally good. The sommelier really upsells his wine, especially the expensive stuff, which is lame (I bet he'll tell you to try some Peter Michael stuff which is like 3x+ the retail here). But on the plus side, the wine he's chosen is truly good. We had an insanely awesome white burgundy and I have to stop this review right now to go look up the name.
