FhVYpbvE8IQeUHAcwPPIXg Being an Italian born and raised in Brooklyn, I always get excited when a new Italian restaurant opens near my home.  
Walking in I was really impressed.  It has a nice quaint feel with checker tablecloths, wooden booths and cute rustic decor.  
Our waiter was friendly but I thought his fake Italian accident was a little much and weird.  Whatever.  Lol

We started with the calamari and was surprised on how tender it was.  The marinara dipping sauce had the right kick of flavor.  Good calamari is always hard to find out here, so I was excited for the rest of my meal after tasting theirs.
I ordered the chicken artichoke, my husband the eggplant parm and my daughter spaghetti with butter and side meatball.  
Our salad came out first and it was way below expectations.  Wet iceberg lettuce with a 1/8 of a chopped tomato.  I could not tell if there was dressing on the salad or if it was wet from the rinsed lettuce.
While out appetizer and salad came out in an appropriate timeframe, our food took forever which when you are a restaurant that is kid friendly, is i expectable.  When our food finally came out,  they brought mine and my husbands but stated that my daughters would take longer.  It was noodles with butter-  what was the issue?  Her food came out in an unreasonable amount of time after.  
My daughter loved the meatball but didn't touch the spaghetti.  She didn't care for it.  She said it was wet and mushy.  
My husbands eggplant was very flavorful but the slices were cut a little too thick for my liking and it was a little salty for our taste.  
My artichoke chicken was less then par.  The pasta was mushy-  way over cooked and the chicken had way too much going on.  Nothing blended together in the way you would expect them too.  We asked for more bread, on two super are occasions (which was delic) because my daughter was still hungry but they failed to bring it. 
When we got the bill I was shocked to see they didn't include a kids soda with the kids meal.  Her meal (which she didn't eat) was $8 and $3.50 for a soda.  
While I do have high expectations for Italian food, this place failed on all levels in my book.  We will not be back.  Save the time, the calories and the money.  There are better places in town.
