0NmTwqYEQiKErDv4a55obg The BF and I had trouble deciding where to go for our anniversary and he had put me to the task of finding a place with a scallop appetizer and a solid light white fish entree and Scarpetta won out in our short lists of places that fit the bill. 

I love the 50's low lights and bold dark wood grain used in the restaurant. We were seated by the windows to witness a rainy and moody sky (which I happen to like). People said this is a nice view...but there is a large partition on the windows and it happens to be at eye level.  I cant see the water, only the top of the spray of the Bellagio show. It defeated the purpose a little bit....

STARTERS

We started off with the raved about bread basket. There was a stromboli in there rolled with cheeses and salami that was delicious. If I could order that at the lounge I would. There was also sourdough slice, a bread roll, 2 herbed foccacia squares. They give a trio of butter, a eggplant caponata and citrus infused oil. Caponata was lovely and all the bread was warm, soft and nicely crusty.

ROASTED SEA SCALLOPS- which they split onto two presentations for each of us to have one. It was a very fresh scallop, nicely seared. There was a light spice that came through as you chewed it, capers and bottarga on top gave some briny flavor, micro green some bitterness and salmoriglio made for a nice creamy sauce to it. It was served on top of a steak of cauliflower that was nicely roasted. 

DUCK AND FOIE GRAS RAVIOLI with marsala reduction - was one I was very curious about since many rave about this and the spaghetti. I've had the spaghetti before in LA (and did not weep) and now that I actually know the Scarpetta recipe and have replicated it, I wanted to know if something else was rave worthy. This was tasty, but it was just a bit TOO rich for such a big plate of it.  Some may love a whole heap, but I'm glad it was split as a appetizer...and still there was too many for us. We're freegetarians ( semi vegetarians) and don't really have many rich foods since switching over to the dark side..

ENTREE

MEDITERRANEAN BRANZINO - Came with 2 nice sized filets with nicely crisp skin and beautifully flaky meat. If came with a bed of braised leeks, celery root, shrimps, clams and mussels and had a seafood broth reduction as a sauce so it was very clean, sea flavors going on here.

BLACK COD - fish was nice and buttery, with a herbaceous,somewhat anise tasting, tomato glaze and micro chives. It had caramelized fennel & roasted tomato to go with. I've always had black cod aka butterfish in a Asian preparation so this was interesting to try something different. 

The BF preferred the Branzino and so did I.

DESSERT 

ZEPPOLE - with nutella center, vanilla sauce & candied hazelnuts was divine. These were rich pillows of heaven. I love zeppoles and beignets of all kinds and this is among the best I've had. Will come back. Just for these. 

BROWN BUTTER HAZELNUT CAKE - the name makes it sound like it would be more brown buttery cakey thing, but it truly was more about the lemon curd, meringue. I'm slowly growing to like lemon desserts and this was good enough to make me believe in it. It had olive oil gelato & candied hazelnuts to go which gave a light savory aspect to it. This was a great choice to balance out the zeppole since those were just dense and this was bright. 

Service was decent. There was a mixup with the kitchen and our appetizers went to the wrong table at first, back to the kitchen and eventually to us. Service cleared plates and refilled drinks quite frequently and checked on us. A little weird note but in the area we were seated the chef was coming around and talking to tables and even serving one of the tables around us. I guess good that there are regulars but found little awkward as well. 

It was a solid choice for dinner and went home happy. I see they have a vegetarian menu and have a nice lounge area so I would consider coming back for a snack there and those zeppoles...I don't know if I would do a "all out" dinner here again though.

The night after our dinner here we went to a establishment off strip and the flavor and quality was on par with better prices, vibe and surpasses in service. 

Overall, Scott Conants place is solid for the Strip and I'm glad it is here, but it was surprisingly not the star of our weekend.
