FogTa-wmjhVnJCoTiaxvZA PATHETIC is how I describe this place after my experience tonight.   We arrived at 6:00 PM, and we didn't start eating until 8:20 PM after watching scores of people coming in and out.  Initially we were told It would be 30 minutes.   We were a party of 3, and due to medical reasons, a member of our party couldn't sit at a high table, which we advised the host, and she said no problem.  Even though I'm sure there were people at the bar waiting, outside there were barely a handful of people. After about 45 minutes, I checked and I was informed it would another 15 minutes at least.  Fine! At one point I WAS TOLD WE"D BE NEXT.  30 minutes went by, and no word.  I was told since we couldn't sit at a high table, there is a wait.  How could it be that 30 minutes go by, and nothing opens up after being told we were next?  Finally, a member of our party points to a couple sitting at a table that we noticed arrive about an hour after we did! I went in and I asked for the Manager.  She came out and when I pointed out the couple, she tells me, oh this is a table for 2!! Wow, really? you couldn't accommodate 3 people in almost an hour and half later by moving tables around or somehow figure it out!  Keep in mind, throughout all this time, a huge of amount of people has come and gone. Surely they weren't all sitting at a high table.  She then suggested we go to the restaurant next door, it's "their' sister" restaurant!  WOW! As I was talking to the Manager, a group got up and left and we were seated at their table.  Not even 30 seconds later, and group of people that showed up much later while we were waiting, was seated right after us .  To cause insult to injury, their food arrived first, even after we ordered ahead of them.  I couldn't believe what I was seeing!  I was so pissed, I couldn't even carry a conversation with my group.  The Food: We ordered Mozzarella, Tomato and basil.  I thought this was a Bruschetta.  A plate arrived, with a single tomato sliced, 2 pieces of Mozzarella stuck in between.  I was expecting a board with Bruschetta! I guess my expectation was too much.  I don't care how good the food is, after an experience like that, I would never step my foot in this so called restaurant! Their only saving grace is that the PANINI was actually pretty decent! But there is no excuse for the way we were treated, especially with a member of our party with very visible medical issue.  You would think that after an experience like this, we'd receive a complimentary appetizer or some sort of a goodwill gesture. Absolutely nothing! After raising a stink earlier, I wasn't about to say anything else! we quietly paid our bill, and left.  NEVER AGAIN!
