FogTa-wmjhVnJCoTiaxvZA Seriously, Postino... seriously?  I came here with some friends on Tuesday and it was honestly one of the most infuriating dining experiences of my life. First of all, I understand we came on their busiest night.  Bruschetta and a bottle for $20 great deal. I was expecting a wait when I got here, and I was told 30-40 min.  I waited an hour and a half.  I would have left, but they started a bottle of wine for us which we drank while waiting.  We were figuring on the wait they quoted when we got the bottle, and had I known, I wouldn't have started the bottle.  We waited and watched as people who arrived after us were seated first. I guess our look wasn't hip enough for their Jean-claude Van dam impersonator host. After an hour we got so sick of standing in the damn parking lot that we took a seat on the blacktop, at which point jcvd came up and said we can't sit on the pavement, but we were moR than welcome to sit in the couches that already had occupants.  Maybe he checked with the people in the couches first and got their approval for us to go sit in their laps, but we weren't go ing to test it out.  We went back to standing.   When we finally got inside, it took a good 10 minutes to get our wine brought over to us, at which point it was at room temperature. The food was great as usual, but the service continued to suck throughout. After we got our check, it took a good 15 minutes for them to let us pay.  At no point was anything offered to us to apologize for the twice as along as quoted wait time other than a half assed sorry and a smirk.  "everybody is just hanging out extra long tonight" was the recurring line.   We saw people get seated, and finish before we were seated.  It was ridiculous. Somebody at that restaurant needed to learn something about restaurant management.  When you have a table sitting for two and a half hours, maybe you should say, "we need the table". In fact they actually do that.  They did it to a party I was in a few weeks ago there.  So why Was it ok to do with my party but not with the tables on Tuesday. We had no problem clearing out to make room for other patrons. Postino is a great place, usually, but this terrible service cannot be excused.  heads out of asses... Quickly please.
