FqXwm6UpihHY7Ha-pr4y6Q When I take my family out once a month, I check the "More business info" section on the opening page on yelp for that restaurant.  We have a 2 year old and an 8 month old and  I want to make sure the restaurant welcomes kids and always book 4:30 or 5:00 reservations so as to not infringe on prime time dining with possibly noisy children.  (Emphasis on POSSIBLY as these kids and parents have it together, but you never know)  I also tip 20% plus depending on how we are treated.  Our reservation for 5 adults and 2 kids in highchairs was 2 weeks ago on a Sunday at 4:30.   We were slightly late and restaurant staff wasn't bothered about that.
  We were approached by our waiter, an older, white male, frail looking, white hair, with a thick accent.  We could feel and tell immediately he was not happy at all we were there.  Obviously he disagrees with management that children are welcome.   He dragged an easel over to our table and set up a specials menu for our viewing.  The glare from the windows we were facing made the menu seem as if it was in the dark and I couldn't read it.  Very clumsy at our table and others I saw him taking it to.  He did tell us verbally of the specials and then left without asking us our beverage order.  Some time later, a bit too long, our complete order was taken.
Our service from there was just fair and the food for my family was judged the same.  Our beverages were brought first as they should have been, but refills were a problem.  A picture of iced tea was brought to my son and daughter in law, but my daughter and hubby, the parents of the kids weren't offered refills for their sodas.  My daughter politely asked for refills and was given a very snippy reply, but did eventually get the refills.  I had wine and a glass of water but wasn't asked if I wanted another of either when both were empty part way through the meal.  I would have ordered another wine IF I could have gotten the waiters attention, but settled for a water refill from the busboy as he was clearing our dinner plates.  Food came to us at an appropriate pace but we weren't checked on until we were almost done.  Again, we all thought the food was just fair.  I'm not sure if that was because of the tone the waiter set when he first approached us and made us feel most unwelcome.  He seemed harried and too stressed to keep up with the demands of his customers.  Our dining experience sucked and none of us will return.
As I said before, I take my family out once a month.  Capos restaurant "More business info" section said not good for kids.  I called because I really wanted to take my family there.  They assured me that kids were welcome and we had a wonderful experience last year.  Food and service was great, and we were treated like royalty. I like to find new places to go and enjoy  taking my kids and grand kids to restaurants they probably couldn't afford so finer dining is on my list.  Unfortunately, Pasta Mia West let us down and treated us as if we smelled and shouldn't have been there.  Our first experience in feeling unwelcome here in Vegas in 2 years.
