0NmTwqYEQiKErDv4a55obg This will be my VERY FIRST Yelp review and I couldn't be more excited to post it! I look to Yelp on a daily basis but have never felt as compelled to leave a review as I do about our experience at Scarpetta...spoiler alert: this could get lengthy! 

My boyfriend and I were taking a mini vacation to Vegas and did extensive research on restaurants, as we wanted to treat ourselves to one night of fine dining while we were there. We found Scarpetta's Yelp listing and looked through every single photo and read a ton of reviews (even the not so great ones :( )and decided this was going to be our place! 

Our reservation was for 10p.m. but we arrived at around 9 and were told we could be accommodated immediately. I asked if there was any possibility of getting a window table, and apologized for not requesting it when we made our res. The extremely nice hostess told us that wouldn't be a problem at all and after waiting, maybe 2 minutes tops, we were taken to our table. They weren't kidding about the view by the window! The view was gorgeous and we were looking right out at the Bellagio water show(s).  The lighting IS very dark, but for us that made it even more romantic, which was the exact experience we were hoping for. 

Our cocktails were EXCELLENT. I had a "basic" dirty martini with blue cheese olives and it was by far the best martini I've ever had.  Our server, Julian, even brought a tiny shot glass of extra olive juice just in case it was still too dry for my taste, but I didn't need it!  

For starters, we chose the Diver Scallops and the White Corn Soup. When they were brought to our table, the server mentioned they took it upon themselves to split the scallops for us so that "we could each get the best of what the dish had to offer."  Julian made the excellent suggestion of combining the crispy pancetta with the rest of the dish's ingredients, rather than taste it on its own, as that was how the chef intended for it to be eaten.  He was SO right! What an absolutely delicious combination and just the perfect portion size.  The soup was served in one bowl for us to share, and once again, we were blown away. Just enough king crab to give it a bit of body, but still a light enough soup that we were able to enjoy it and be ready for more (so, so much more!)

They gave us the complimentary basket of warm fresh breads and again we were surprised because of the variety they provided! Even most nice restaurants will give you one or two selections, but here? 5 choices and then 3 options for spreads/ dipping. 

We finished our amazing cocktails and decided to each get a glass of wine to compliment our meal.  As soon as the wine list was brought back to our table, a man came over and introduced himself as the sommelier and asked if he could suggest any wines to accompany our entrees.  I drink white and my boyfriend drinks red, and we got very different entrees, but the sommelier was extremely helpful and described the selections perfectly.  Naturally, we chose his suggestions! 

Now on to the entrees:  My boyfriend chose the duck ravioli and I went with the tagliatelle dish. Amazing, Amazing, Amazing! When I asked Julian to please give a bit more detail about the Tagliatelle entree, he described it as "definitely more of a comfort meal" and he couldn't have been more right.  The pasta was extremely fresh and even though the sauce itself was on the heavier side, it did not overwhelm the dish at all.  I'm not a fan of duck but my boyfriend could not say enough great things about his dish and the presentation was perfect! The sommelier stopped back after we sipped our wine for a bit and asked how the flavors were complimenting the dishes. He was just doing his job but made us feel important, none the less. 

Dinner was cleared and we were so full but they hadn't let us down yet so we chose the Amedei chocolate cake. Heaven! Just enough of everything on the plate for you to enjoy it without setting yourself over the edge. 

I do apologize for the length of this review, but I felt that sharing this absolutely amazing experience was important for anyone that might be on the fence about trying this place! The ambiance was romantic, relaxing, and quiet with beautiful views- perfect for a date night.  The service was excellent.  When we choose to "dine" we like to sit and relax and enjoy  and not feel rushed and we were not disappointed here.  We never felt rushed nor did we feel neglected either.  They seemed to understand that we were there to enjoy ourselves and never made us feel like we were hanging around too long/ late.  The presentation of every single plate was perfection.  The food was some of the best we've ever had. I can definitely appreciate that restaurants can't be a "10" every single night, and things do sometimes happen, but our experience was outstanding and will definitely be somewhere we come back to the next time we're in town!!
