0NmTwqYEQiKErDv4a55obg Being from Nyc I've been wanting to go and try Scarpetta after hearing many great reviews about it. I was heading to Vegas in a few days and realized that Scarpetta was also in the Cosmopolitan, so I decided to make reservations for the group of 8 that I was with. (Walking through the Cosmo later that day I noticed Chef Scott Conant who is the owner walking into the restaurant which is nice to see the care for his restaurant)  So after arriving a few minutes earlier than the rest of my party, I decided to check in with the host. After talking for a minute he mentioned to me that they had the Chef's table available if interested, to which I responded YES! As we walked through the dining room passing many full table we entered a private room with floor to ceiling glass with a few of the kitchen and the other wall was the same but with a few of the Bellagio fountains which was beautiful.  Soon after the waiter and sommelier (Noel) entered to find out which wine that we would like for the evening. I didn't deal the "wine man" but did enjoy a nice Cabernet with my dinner. Good choice sir. Waiter placed some delicious bread (even from being from NY) along with a mascarpone butter, citrus infused olive oil, and eggplant caponata. All were excellent. On to the primi piatti, we ordered a few for the table including the tuna susci, Mediterranean octopus, braised short ribs, and polenta. All were fixed to perfection, the octopus stood out to me because it's a very delicate item and easily under or over cooked. The short ribs had a hard time staying on the bone. Tuna was cubed and paired with avocado, close to a perfect bite. I will only speak for myself when it comes to my entree which was the famous Spaghetti with tomato and basil (unfair to call it a sauce when it's so much better than just a sauce.) Living in nyc all my life where pasta is "supposed" to be the best I'm very picky because most Italian restaurants don't put any care into the dish. QUITE the OPPOSITE, on the record going to say probably best pasta dish I've ever had. Seasoned fantastically, silky/savoy tomato/basil, pasta was cooked perfectly. $24 dollars seems like a lot but if you taste how good it is...you'll probably think it's one of the best deals in Vegas next to the $9.99 lobsters. Everyone else at my table seemed to enjoy their various pasta dishes( orecchiette, tagliatelle, pici). Only 2 problems. ONE the waiter was hard to get a hold off and didn't stop in frequently enough, probably due to being secluded in the chef's table room. TWO my girlfriend order a soufflé for dessert and it was slightly raw, which was taken back. Besides those slight setbacks I've really it was an excellent experience. Definitely would go back especially after missing out on the foie grad ravioli. Soils 4 stars!!! Good job Mr.Conant!
