G-5kEa6E6PD5fkBRuA7k9Q We visited on 09/16/2014.  First, the good things.  Giada is probably one of the most beautiful and well appointed restaurant we have visited.  We appreciated her grandparents film history displayed through out the restaurant.  Also, service provided by Molly at the bar was very good.  

Unfortunately, those were the only two bright points of our visit.  When looking up the lunch times on their website, it indicated that lunch is over at 1:00PM.  Just to make sure, I called and was told that lunch was served until 3:00PM.  We decided to rush over to check it out.

Got there at exactly, 2:32PM.  When checking in we were told that lunch service in the dining room was over at 2:30PM, but that we could have the lunch menu at the bar.  I explained to the hostess that we were not told that when we called, and at this point she became defensive and rude.  I wanted to leave, but my husband said let's give it a chance.  So we did.

Molly, the bartender was sympathetic to our situation and was very sweet  However, she seemed to have prepared answers for us.  I am sure this has happened before.  As we sat at the bar, we couldn't help but noticed just how many empty tables were available in the dining room.  

Now for the menu.  As many others have mentioned, what the lunch menu lacks in hearty plates, it more than makes up for in high prices.  Molly recommended both the Orzo and Marsala meatballs.  We got both, at $18 each.  Well for this price I am sad to say, we got 4-5 small meatballs each; they were mediocre; it was so sad.  We also got complimentary pita bread, four little triangles. Honestly, we were afraid to ask if we could have more afraid of what they might charge us.

Molly asked if we would like anything else.  At this point, my husband had had it. and we both gave a resounding NO.  The bill came, and along with the bill, they give you an IPad for comments.  My husband took care of the comments.  An interesting thing happened while he was typing his comments, another person's comments came through on his screen.  Who ever was inputting his or hers comments indicated that no matter how good their waiter was, it could not make up for the lackluster food, portion size, and high prices.   

In addition, another customer sitting about three seats from us was complaining to his bartender about the portions and prices, started to feel sorry for those bartenders.  About 5 minutes after 3:00PM a couple sat at the bar next to us.  Molly explained them that now they were serving the bar menu.  The female in the couple asked if they could have soup.  Sadly Molly replied that the bar menu did not include soup.  However, she said she would ask anyhow.  She came back and happily informed them that they could have the soup.  I couldn't wait to see what the soup would look like.  It came in the form of about a cup of what appeared to be chicken broth, which the couple happily consumed, goodness gracious.  At this point, we knew we were in a restaurant that does not cater to their customers, but the customers cater to the restaurant's ego.

Overall, very disappointed.  It's a shame because I do like Giada as a chef and TV personality and like others have made some of her recipes with great reception.  I also appreciate her background.  Since I was a child, I have watched some of  De Laurentiis' films.  

Unfortunately, we will not be back to what at this time is a true tourist trap. We really wanted to like this restaurant and wanted to bring our grown children on a return trip this November, not happening.  I hope they will fix some of their issues by implementing  the fresh customers' comments so that others may enjoy their visit.  To me a good Italian restaurant offers good and abundant food, fair pricing, and an accommodating  friendly staff.
