G-5kEa6E6PD5fkBRuA7k9Q Saw pictures of this restaurant and also read some really good reviews about this place so my family and I decided to make reservations and check it out. We did breakfast just to see how it was pretty much get our feet wet to see if it's worth checking out for dinner. I like the location. Very nice view, and also it's up some escalators so it has that feeling it's away from the smelly, smokey casinos which is a nice change. Our server was I believe his name was Juliano (had had an accent so it was a little difficult to understand him) Juliano is what I heard. His approach was very nice and also made sure to give my daughter a children's portion breakfast due to Giada's restaurant not having a children's menu or anything on the menu that a young child would even consider eating due to it being so different,which wasn't a big deal because they made her eggs and bacon with some toast and gave a decent pricing due to it being a small side plate of food. My daughter enjoyed it. Our meals were amazing. Fresh, well cooked, and excellent flavor. Also our fresh squeezed juice was delicious. The orange and carrot juice seemed to be the favorite at our table. My husband got the hash and he said it was really good, and I got the American breakfast it to was very good. My husband and I have already talked about going for Dinner on our next outing so we can see if the dinner is also as good as the breakfast was. And what the heck we will for sure have to eventually check out the lunch too. Our only complaint would have been our service was somewhat on the slow side. It took the server a long time to come and clear plates and give us our check. Whoever was the busser was slacking. We had dirty dishes and glasses on our table for a long time. We gave the food on a scale of 1-10, a 10 and the service a 6. Also my husband showed how the silverware and glasses were not polished. I still give this place 4 stars our of 5 due to the fact the food and location of the restaurant was amazing. We look forward to going back for dinner and or lunch hopefully my next review can be updated with 5 stars and an even better review.
