G-5kEa6E6PD5fkBRuA7k9Q Woot woot! Another one of the few places I would give a five star rating to. Decided to go here because I am a fan of Giada and what better way to show appreciation than to check out her first restaurant?! All I have to say is that the food, service, and experience was one of the best, and I'm not just saying that. Been to quite a few places so trust me on this one.

I went here with some friends to celebrate both a birthday and surviving a semester of medical school. We made our reservation about a month in advance and the earliest time we got was 9:45 p.m. Parking is pretty confusing to find and we ended up in the confusing and super shady Linq parking structure. We arrived late, but they were also running behind schedule so we didn't get seated until 10:30ish. Waiting usually bothers me, but there was a photo booth that you must check out. It kills time and is a great way to get a little FREE souvenir because you can print out photo strips!!!

The food was pretty awesome. I ended up ordering Giada's signature dish of lemon spaghetti which seems so plain, but it was one of the best pasta dishes I have ever eaten. I was finally able to appreciate good pasta and experience what true al dente is like. You must give this place a shot at least once. The pasta had some firmness and chewiness that was just so novel to me. You get two huge pieces of shrimp which was so tasty and light since they were not drenched in sauce. The capers were a weird addition to the dish, but they kept things interesting with their strong taste. You also get free bread so check out my photos to see what that's like. I also ordered a molten chocolate lava cake which was way too sweet for me so I didn't finish it. The sauce they gave was pretty interesting because it had such a unique citrus taste to it. 

The whole experience was just awesome and it was nice to have a terrace view of the strip while dining. Our server was really nice and helpful. He made us feel at home and made sure we knew what we were ordering and was honest about the portion sizes of the dishes. Definitely a big plus in my book. Most waiters would just try to make you order the most expensive items on the menu.

Again, check this place out if you ever get the chance. Just don't come here super hungry, unless you have serious cash to burn, then by all means go for it.
