G-5kEa6E6PD5fkBRuA7k9Q Giada's, what can I say? Phenomenal experience, but will I ever go back? hmmm... Place is definitely pricey, but you have to already know that going in.. Ambiance of this place is incredible, I love they have a photo booth outside in the waiting area. 

My Sister and I came for early dinner like at 5pm so we were able to easily get window seating giving us an incredible of this amazing city of Las Vegas that we call home. It definitely was a one of a kind dining experience, but dining as a local at establishments like this is different than dining here as a tourist. We started with the bread & spices appetizer, & we chose from the large array of cheese choices and assortments we went with our server's recommendation of Imported Burrata. It was light and almost kinda sticky texture but it was good, I liked it, my sister not so much. It has sort of a bitter tone to it, but set off with the pesto on the side. 

We went with the 28oz bone in Tuscan rib eye steak with sunny side up egg and arugula as the main meal and a variety of sides to accompany the monstrous steak which by the way has got to be the real steak and eggs combo Vegas is so known for lol The Steak was super tender! comes already sliced & cut and the meat literally melts in your mouth type food-gasm experience!! All the flavor literally down to the bone. The arugula accompanied the steak well with its unique taste and flavor and helped to not make the plate taste salty. 

We had sides that included Lemon Parmesan potatoes, Spinach with golden raisins & walnuts, and Chicken Marsala meatballs. those meatballs were fantastic! amazing taste, super moist, and just a great addition to the meal as a side extra little choice. 

I mean, c'mon though the moment you walk in, and are greeted by the beautiful hostess, you know the place is going to be exquisite. It really was an incredible dining experience, but for the price value of a local, my return will have to be one that warrants a very special occasion where I won't be sad to see the check. 

Our service was great, and he was very well informed and answered every question we had about the incredible amount of choices on the menu. Giada's does offer a pairing or tasting menu that gives you small servings from every part of her menu along with recipes & an autographed photo with the purchase but the tasting menu has to be bought per person, but just for the entire table, I will have to have a go at that one day... one day. 

Although it was an amazing dining experience, Im not so sure it lived up to it's hype. I didn't get into the Yelp Elite event that was held here, so since that event I've been dying to go, and I walked away not feeling as mind blown as I hoped I would have been. It definitely has all the makings of a fine dining establishment with the Vegas expectations, but as a local it'll be a big reason to bring me back. but at least I can say I tried it.
