G-5kEa6E6PD5fkBRuA7k9Q After having made our reservations 2 months in advance, I was really look forward to finally getting to try Giada's first restaurant. The only thing I was truly worried about was the service expectation. Yelpers have been pretty disappointed with the quality of service they have been receiving when dining. 

We arrived about 15 mins before our reservation time. We decided to take advantage of the infamous photo booth, but to our dismay it would not print or email the pictures. We ended up snapping our pics with our iPhones to. (Wish they would've fixed the booth while we dined.) 

We were seated in the newest extension of the restaurant. Our server for the night was Joseph. He and his assistant were awesome! We opted to try the tasting menu. 

The meal started with the bread platter, which was awesome. The freshly baked foccacia bread was light and fluffy. There were also breadsticks and parmesan crackers. The bread platter was served with pesto oil, chili flakes, australian pink salt, and dried capers for dipping.

First Course: Giada's Appetizer Favorites. We were given bacon wrapped dates, stuffed chili peppers, and crostinis. The dates were definitely my favorite. I'm a sucker for bacon wrapped dates.

Second Course: I opted for the lemon spaghetti, and this is where are awesome server substituted risotto per my husband's request. Both dishes were amazing! The prawns were huge and fresh. Both dishes were full of flavor. I would come back here just for these two dishes.

Third Course: Meat Course: I had the salmon and the husband had the lamb chops. Both were large portions and encrusted with mustard seeds. The lamb chops were cooked medium and very tender. The salmon was nothing special, and seemed like a typical salmon dish.

This course was also accompanied with the house potatoes and corn.

Lastly, Dessert! Bring on the dessert cart. Our kick ass waiter Joseph allowed us to get extra desserts because he was cool like that. Typically, you're allowed to get one dessert per person of your choice off the cart. We had the chocolate amaretto cake, polenta cake, lemon cookie, chocolate chip cookie, and ice cream. The desserts were all to die for. They were not overly rich or too sweet. I have to say tho, the polenta cake was definitely my favorite. The lemon cookie came in second place.

I would definitely come back to eat at Giada's and request Joseph to be our server. He was super friendly and made our evening enjoyable. The best part of the tasting menu is getting a booklet with some of Giada's recipes along with an autographed picture of herself. Giada was in the restaurant that day, but our waiter said she was in the back regulating the line cooks, as orders were being messed up. Hey at least he was honest!

The main reason I can't give this place 5 stars: It was freaking hot in this place. It was as if the air conditioner wasn't working. The poor waiter had to wear a white blazer and you could see all the beads of sweat on the poor guys forehead.
