G-5kEa6E6PD5fkBRuA7k9Q Dinner reservation was made on-line for 5:45pm. When we arrived, we were asked to wait another 15 minutes which was not a problem as we spent time in the photo booth. This was a great idea BTW.
After more than 15 minutes, my husband had to ask about our table as we were not called back. At that point, one of the hostesses whom we spoke originally that was standing there the entire time realized that we were waiting, so she called us up, and we followed her into the restaurant. The place was packed. We were seated by the windows, which were opened (not so good idea). We seat down, after adjusting our table as we could not freely fit into the space. The amount of space allowed for those double tables was limited, and taken by larger individuals on either side. We both tall & skinny, but had to come up with own solution seating down. When we walked in, we liked the decor, and we had good feelings; however after seating down, we were not given any menu, and we were left alone. No one has showed up for about 15 minutes, and at that point brought us cocktails & wine list. Cocktails are $15.00 & small. Wine prices (per glass) range from $18.00 and up (large glasses, but very little wine). Wine prices per bottle very high!

Complimentary selection of breads (2 kinds only with extra condiment) very good & delicious, but arrived 30 minutes after first table encounter. We had to ask for them. Seeing white jacket service, high prices, but no white clothes tables made me feel like something was not right. Table service seemed overwhelmed, and forgetful. We had to focus to understand our waiter. He was nice, but in wrong profession. We had no connection with any of the staff; they came & went away; almost felt like everyone was under pressure, doing their jobs but without any good execution. Fellow, who operated desert cart, was the only one that was having fun while working.

 Planning on having a romantic dinner and/or conversations? Giada restaurant is not the place due to very high level of noise. The combination of outside & inside noise was unbearable & left me with a headache. It was hard to seat through. 

Desert options very limited and not so exceeding. My tiramisu was not what I have expected, and was extremely sweet. I enjoyed my specialty orange coffee though, but had to wait for them to make it. 

Artichoke soup, Lobster raviolis, and Risotto were excellent. I will give 5 stars!  

Service experience needs serious improvement, and needs to smile in my opinion. Overall experience low, and one time experience only at this point.
