G-5kEa6E6PD5fkBRuA7k9Q As other reviewers have noted, the restaurant is simply lovely inside: elegant and relaxed with a view of the strip that wraps the restaurant in light.   It is unpretentious and warm.  I found myself transfixed by the halo light fixtures.

The female staff needs a lesson on how to speak in their "grown-up" voices...I was scolded by a woman-child for bringing my seltzer-water (purchased at the bar downstairs moments earlier) into the restaurant.  Fine point, but the delivery was needlessly condescending in advance of the $600 our party was about to spend on dinner.  #tiredofbabytalkokay?

I am not fan of iPads at the table... there's something decidedly unappealing about touching something that thousands of slot-machine fingers have perused and then joining hands in the communal bread basket that violates what little I know about food safety and sanitation.   Were the 6 of us to pretend that the iPad is sterile?  Or perhaps ritual hand washing en masse?

The Antipasti course is how, we are to believe, Giada eats at home:  a little bit of everything but not too much of any one thing.  Our group shared two types of meatballs, a teeny  pizza, octopus, stuffed peppers and goat cheese crostini.  Each was delightful, if ordinary but for the octopus which I dreamt about.

My BF and I shared the table-side chicken, or as I like to call it, Giada's Bait and Switch.  The ideas is that this is a small roasted chicken brought table-side and then the chicken is returned to the kitchen for carving and the vegetables are made into a family recipe cacciatore sauce.  What came to the table initially looked luscious and fresh before it was whisked away by our server.  What came BACK to the table were bits of fried chicken parts, drizzled in a red sauce that was made at 11:00 that morning.  It was too expensive to be funny.  Amusing maybe...

Dessert is also served table-side from a cart an idea that sounds better than the execution- temperatures of the desserts are uneven depending on how long they've been on the cart.  The lemon cookie was perfect.  Peanut Butter Tiramisu was fun but at room temperature, the texture was off.

Coffee service should be more efficeint- they are oddly out of their depth on something that should be rote.
