G-5kEa6E6PD5fkBRuA7k9Q There are some excellent "celebrity" restaurants, and there are others that the only thing going for them is their celebrity... this would be one of them. 
The reason for giving them 2 stars was to acknowledge the beautiful atmosphere of the restaurant. That's the "positive" side of the story.
When making the reservation, to get a window table you had to "guarantee $100 per person food/alcohol". We were a party of 4. It wasn't that the $100 per person was a issue, it was the *principle" of the presentation. I have NEVER been to a restaurant that wants guaranteed sales dollar volume for view seating.
THE FOOD: Appetizer of cheese filled mini-roasted peppers. This was a huge disappointment. Wasn't even warm. Room temperature. We had other appetizers that were "good", but certainly not "gourmet". The main course entrees (steak/shrimp, Vegetable Bolognese over Rigatoni, two side dishes were all barely above room, temperature, barely warm. Completely unacceptable. 
I ordered a Belvedede Martini with bleu cheese stuffed olives. The must have searched the globe for the smallest olives on earth. Anyone who drinks martinis knows they are to use jumbo (queen) olives, and hand-stuff with bleu cheese.
Of the two desserts served, one was outstanding, the other one (kind of a layered cake) was cold and near-tasteless.
We asked our server how many days a week Giada was there. She said "about once a month". Even Wolfgang Puck makes regular rounds of his restaurants I frequent. Once a month means -to me - that we have Giada recipies but no Giada. 
So, another overrated restaurant with high prices, small portions, and food that's not up-to-par nor consistent. There is simply NO excuse for food coming out lukewarm.
Las Vegas has many outstanding restaurants such as Alize at the top of the Palms, Charlie Palmers at the 4 Seasons/Mandalay Bay, Capital Grille, and a bevy of other choices. The only restaurant is Las Vegas that this beats-out is the Eiffiel Tower restaurant at Paris Hotel, which is so ridiculously priced it's insultive.
This reviewers opinion is that there are many other fine restaurants to choose that this one, unless all your after is a beautifully decorated interior.
