G-5kEa6E6PD5fkBRuA7k9Q Giada Giada Giada. This place is amazing. What a BEAUTIFUL venue. Located in the Cromwell on the second floor with views to die this is a great place for lunch or dinner. We came for lunch and the natural lighting from the panoramic windows truly kept the place bright. It was a two hour wait for a table by the window so we sat at the bar. Which is perfect because we really are bar people. 

Now the ONLY reason Im giving a 4 star review instead of a 5 Star is for the service. The bartenders couldnt have been bothered any less then to help us out. We sat at the bar for 10 minutes before we could even be greeted. When we finally were I ordered a Ciroc and Soda and the guy didnt even know what Ciroc was.. Now i would understand if I ordered something completely off the wall but I mean come on... thats pretty standard. Andy ordered a coffee and the bartender spatted off a list of different cappuccinos they had its like no dude, just a regular coffee lol The other bartender Nicole was also kind of a nightmare. She was giving away drinks left and right to the folks sitting next to us so maybe she knew them? 

But when that was over we started ordering a few dishes. We had the Pasta Fazoli soup which was pretty good, not the best but certainly not the worst. We also had the marinated olives, also not the best. BUT then we tried the Chicken Marsala meatballs and those were phenom. 5 bite sized meatballs with roasted wiled mushrooms. wow. they seriously melted in your mouth. so good! then we had the Salumi Picante Pizza. This is probably one of the best food items Ive ever had in a restaurant. spicy dry sausage, san marzano tomato sauce, mozzarella, and oregano. But let me just talk about the crust for a second... That pizza dough could cure cancer. I mean seriously it was AMAZING. 
For dessert we had the zeppoli. Now im a huge fan of this dessert, its always been my go-to while at an Italian restaurant but this one was made like Ive never had before. It wasnt sweet, like Ive normally had. And it had lemon zest sprinkled all over. Im going to have to try it again to see if i really liked it because oddly enough Im kind of unsure. 

This was a great place and we will def be back, but we will make a reservation for a table next time and hopefully receive better service.
