G-5kEa6E6PD5fkBRuA7k9Q After a weeks' long stay in Las Vegas, the one meal that is most memorable is the one I had at Giada.  Even against the Michelin-rated restaurant we went to on our first night.  Maybe it's the familiarity of Italian food, the comfy coziness you come to expect from a really good pasta, or maybe it's Giada herself.  Either way, I loved this restaurant, the service, and most importantly, THE FOOD.

We decided to go with the tasting menu - may or may not have something to do with the free autographed picture of Giada and recipe cards that come with it.  Whatever the case, I thought we made a pretty good choice.  It started with an antipasti platter.  This included small bites of a stuffed sweet pepper, tuna crostini, and a bacon wrapped date.  All of them were quite tasty, the tuna especially.

Second course was the most heavenly and delicious lemon spaghetti with shrimp.  I seriously could have just stopped right here and been perfectly happy.  The pasta was homemade, which is a huge, huge plus.  Delicate lemon cream sauce and two large shrimp.  We were told it was a smaller portion of pasta, but it was plenty big if you ask me.  I hated giving most of it back as I knew if I finished it, I wouldn't be able to eat anything more.  Luckily, one of the recipe cards we received was for this dish, and my husband and I are so excited to make it at home.

Third course was a seared salmon atop a bed of summer succotash in a light mustard sauce.  The salmon is cooked medium rare by default, which I know is the ideal temp for salmon.  However, the server was quite aware that not everyone in the world is okay with eating what appears to be something undercooked.  He informed me of this ahead of time, which I appreciated.  I asked for a medium salmon, and that is exactly what I got.  To me, it was PERFECT.  It wasn't over the top on seasonings, but somehow it was extremely flavorful.  Light, flaky and paired perfectly with the succotash and sauce.  Again, I had to send most of it back because I was getting too full at this point and I didn't want to miss out on dessert.

My husband got the lamb, and he enjoyed it very much.  We also received this dish as a recipe card, so I'm sure we will be having lamb at our house in the near future.

Accompanying the entrees were two family-style sides: smashed potatoes (glorious!) and a sweet corn wth chorizo.  I loved both of these.  They are the epitome of comfort food to me.  Another thing I could have just eaten all by itself and been perfectly happy.

Last course was dessert.  They bring over an unwieldy, awkward cart filled with about 10 or so different things.  We were seated in a narrow space with tables on either side, so I have no idea how this cart ever made it over to us.  I was so full by this point that dessert didn't even sound good, but we split a peanut butter/raspberry jam tiramisu anyway.  It was surprisingly light and very satisying.  It was a small, single portion so if you're on the verge of unbuttoning your pants at the table, I think this item will be just enough dessert for you.

We did get one of the chocolate cake things to go.  And then didn't proceed to eat it until the next night.  It didn't taste all that great, but that could've been cuz it sat in a plastic container for over 24 hours.

I really had a great time at Giada and would 100% go back if we were locals and had the opportunity to do so.  I've already recommended this restaurant to several friends, and of course it is one of the highlights of my vacation recap.  To anyone trying to decide where to eat while visiting Las Vegas, all I can say is GIADA, GIADA, GIADA!  You won't be disappointed.
