G-5kEa6E6PD5fkBRuA7k9Q This was one of the best meals of my life! I don't understand the mediocre to negative reviews at all. Every detail of the night was handled so well and it was a glitch free, very enjoyable evening.

I came with a party of eight to celebrate my husbands 30th birthday. We were seated at a great round table with comfy chairs in the center of the room with a view of the bellagio fountains. We were immediately greeted by the host and our server. The service the whole night was spectacular. We never felt rushed and we also weren't just sitting there twiddling our fingers for hours. My dad knew the sommelier Danielle and she was so sweet to our table, making sure everyone was well hydrated. She took great care with the expensive bottles of wine we brought for the evening and made sure everyone had drinks at all times. 

The food itself was phenomenal! We started with the antipasti and omg the cheese and meat were so good! The complimentary bread basket was also so great. The warm focaccia and all the dipping sauce were my favorite. There were so many delicious options to choose from on her menu. It's a very well throughout menu.

Our table also split two of the pasta, the rigatoni and bucatini were excellent. I could eat that rigatoni all day! Both were top notch!

My husband and I split the Tuscan ribeye and the spinach and potatoes for sides. That ribeye looks and tastes perfect. It was fatty, flavorful and just as i had hoped.

For dessert I had the chocolate cake and tried the lemon soufflé, and my husband received a complimentary lemon sorbetto for his birthday. All were good.

Of course the highlight of the dinner was Giada coming to our table and chatting with us a bit. She was just as genuine and nice as you would hope. She clearly cares about this restaurant and the experience of her guests. I was so happy to meet her as I've been watching her shows for as long as I can remember!

Overall I give this an A++ in my book. Sure it's more expensive than an average dinner, but it is so worth it!! The food and the ambiance are excellent! I can't wait to come back again.
