G-5kEa6E6PD5fkBRuA7k9Q My mom and I were visiting Vegas and were looking forward to our meal at Giada's as we both love her cooking.  We were seated quickly upon arrival and the decor and ambiance was beautiful.  Our waitress Karina came over to us and let us know her and George would be taking care of us today.  She asked if we wanted anything other than water but we both declined as all we wanted was water due to the hot Vegas weather.  She seemed extremely annoyed that all we wanted was water.  We then were left to look at the menu, and decide what we wanted...for about 20 minutes before Karina returned again, asking us what we decided on.  At that point my mom and I asked her to explain the menu and let us know what her recommendations were.  The disgust on her face was enough to make me want to leave, she went through the menu while looking like she wanted to do anything other than help us.  Meanwhile, we were watching the waiter Michael, who had the tables around us great everyone, explain the menu and his picks and help everyone pick out a meal.  We then decided on some pizza's, salads and olives.  After we ordered, we didn't see Karina again until she brought us our check.  Our water was never refilled, we couldn't find anyone to refill it, our food was brought by someone else which in most upscale restaurants it is, but Karina never even came by to see how we liked our meal.  We were treated like we didn't belong there, and it ruined the meal and the whole experience.  When they give you your check they also give you an iPhone to fill out a survey about your experience and leave a name and number so they can contact you.  I left this similar review with my name and number and was never contacted.  Overall, the food was amazing but not worth the money or time due to the terrible service we received.  We visit Vegas often and we will never be back again, and I'll be sure to spread the word with family, friends and/or strangers about how badly they treat their customers.
