G-5kEa6E6PD5fkBRuA7k9Q We had a reservation for 6:30 PM on Friday August 14th.  Were seated once entire party arrived at a large bare table in a corner next to a wall that had a movie picture on it.  We are all excited to try this place, the waiter comes over and introduces himself asks if we want sparkling or plain water asked about wine cocktails, etc etc.   We get our drinks ordered and order a couple of the platter style appetizers.   That was the last pleasant experience we had.  
We were brought our bread on the board, the slat bread fell off the board onto the table with no linens on it and the server picks them up with her hand and puts them back on the board
We were never brought a plate to place our bread on while eating
We received our soups/salads, by a very flustered server who we had to tell what person ordered what.
When we were done with our soups/salads the staff just took our silverware off the plate and placed on the table.  There are no linens on the table.  Why are we not getting new silverware with each course.  
They staff never cleaned the table between courses either.  So if someone dropped something on the table during bread service, appetizer service, or salad and soup service it was going to stay there the entire meal.  Again, how much am I paying for this?
Staff was horrible about refilling water glasses, had to ask multiple times when we could find someone that we needed more water. 
Our meals came, our sides came, no plates to put the sides on again though.   We had to ask the staff to remove the bread board to make more room on the table, and they seemed irritated to have to remove them.
Desert came (Soufflé, Chocolate Tart) we were sharing around the table, no plates again.   
I finally see our original waiter and tell him what horrible service we had and he told me the reason our service was bad was because his "helper" went home sick and he had to do it all himself.  
Our bill comes I see that we are being charged for water.   Water that we had to keep flagging down a waiter to give us.  I go and speak with a manager named George, who tells me they are very busy tonight and this excuse and that excuse, and that I should write a honest review about the experience and he would take a look at my bill.  He told me he would be right back.   5-7 minutes pass and no George.  I ask the hostess where George went she said Oh he hasn't came back yet, I said no, she was like oh here is another one of my managers (Female didn't get her name) She said he will be right up.   Waiting around, Geroge comes back up and says he took 20% off the bill (Which would cover the tip) and took water charges off bill, shows me the bill, and the 20% off was there but the water was not credited.  He said Oh I thought I did that I am sure I did that it must just be on another receipt.  At this point I am done my clients are done, I think Geroge is done.  
I have never had such a bad experience at a restaurant.   The fact that there is the Giada name on this restaurant, one would think the service would be up to par that is associated with the name and the prices being charged.
