G-5kEa6E6PD5fkBRuA7k9Q After a 2 month wait for a reservation we made it to giadas. Note: trying to get this reservation was not an easy task to begin with. Both my friend and myself called separately and spoke to someone extremely rude at their front desk. Like we owed them something just wanting to come there. In the end I called again and was connected to ceasars reservation line and a terrifically kind person helped. Enough about that. We arrived a bit late due to LV traffic Friday at 545 pm. They were very welcoming and seated us immediately at the best table in the house!  What a view!  All things the strip!!! Windows are open in the restaurant. Great atmosphere except a bit loud from street traffic, and the ambulances. But I still loved that part anyway. Four of us went.  We actually didn't order food for at least 1.25 hours later (we were talking so much it too us that long) and the waiter came over a lot but he wasn't pushing us at all. Ordered wine off a menu but they didn't have it any longer!  Shouldn't be on their then and the Somali (unsure of spelling) wasn't great at offering suggestions and made excuses why they only ordered one case of it to begin with. They found something else and she offered nothing to make up for it but the group did like my husband's choice. We finally ordered numerous appetizers. Pizzette (not great at all): some kind of three bean salad (excellent except Baruta cheese had odd flavor): Parmesan cheese (definitely not my favorite but never is): and dates in bacon (loved it and would order that again); the bread they give you came after we ordered those things and I think it should have been brought out when we first arrived but apparently they don't do that and we didn't ask). Frankly I didn't care I loved the tabke so much I could have just sat there not eating at all.  Then we ordered dinner and basically shared.  A lemon spaghetti with chicken (my friend who ordered it didn't love it, originally she was going to order an italian fish and probably should have gotten it): I ordered a tortellini dish with peas, a yellow sauce and pancetta (which we ordered on the side for all things kosher), very good, a whole chicken with a delicious catchatori sauce on the side ...very yummy chicken was perfect, and their lamb excellent.  Service was good and all staff seemed so happy there (but could have been better by the wine lady and even the waiter but he was ok too.  Dessert then was offered at 6$ for each taking and we did,  cookies (choclate chip, a peanut butter and jelly and  lemon iced cookie); a chocolate Grenache (small and rich); something called nipples (my husband had to have that..chocolate inside, with white chocolate on outside 3 small ones); and something the waiter loved kind of like a small cookie with strawberries in top and they called a tomato something or other (not great).  In fact all the desserts were beautiful but in all honesty not fantastic by any means. I forgot to mention the men also ordered cocktails which were recipes of giadas grandfather and they liked those. At one point the manager came over to say hello. He didn't introduce himself and he didn't come with 3 feet of the table. It was weird and unimpressive but wanted to know if we liked the place and quickly scurried away. Anyway the meal was fun and interesting. Dinner ran close to $550 with tip. It was very expensive I thought but for me personally that view was worth the whole thing. Id tell people to go try it for themselves. I really wanted to try it but don't need to return unless it's for lunch with girlfriends for a fun and good atmosphere. You can go there we found without reservation and sit in bar first come first serve. The restaurant was full and maybe we got that table as we asked for a view ahead and are locals. Who knows but if I sat somewhere else I don't know if I would have enjoyed it as much though the entire decor is really nice but we weren't facing the restaurant..the strip the fountains ceasars, flamingo road, fabulous!
