G-5kEa6E6PD5fkBRuA7k9Q I've always wanted to try this place out since it first opened and have always been a huge Giada fan. My boyfriend really got it right this time by surprising me with a dinner here for our one year anniversary. 

Ambiance: I really enjoyed that the entrance had its own personal escalators to walk in which made it more secluded from the rest of the casino. The decorations were nice as well, kind of an upscale rustic look. They also had a photo booth available in the waiting area, but we didn't get a chance to use it. Once seated at the table I enjoyed that we still had a nice view of the strip, but was a bit disappointed in the atmosphere. I thought it would be a bit more romantic but it seemed like a mix of families, business meetings and dates. I also would have liked the tables to be further apart and more private.

Food: I honestly loved everything we ordered. To start we had a complementary bread arrangement with came with a few breadsticks, crispy flat bread and rosemary potted bread. This also came with toppings like butter, red pepper flakes, capers and sea salt. I sampled each of the bread choices and each one was very good. For an appetizer we had the fritto miso. The calamari was delicious, probably the best I've ever had in my life. The shrimp was also cooked perfectly too. The only downside on this dish was the amount of sauce to dip in didn't go a very long way. Next I had the romaine salad which was very good. The dressing was very light, but delicious. My boyfriend had the chopped tricolore salad which he said was very good as well. For entrees I went with the spaghetti. I really enjoyed the subtle hints of lemon and most of all the perfectly cooked prawns. My boyfriend went with the surf and turf. The steak was delicious, super tender and topped with a very tasty sauce. He also really enjoyed the asparagus and mashed potato sides. For dessert we received a couple complimentary cookies. I really liked the lemon cookie, but didn't care as much for the chocolate peanut butter one.

Overall I was very satisfied with this visit and am very glad I got to finally try it out. I highly recommend this place for any special occasion.
