G-5kEa6E6PD5fkBRuA7k9Q Upon arrival my friend and I had trouble getting into the restaurant.  The first set of hostess, which are downstairs before going up the escalators wouldn't let us inside because we did not have reservations.  We had called before arriving to ensure we were able to sit in bar/lounge area w/out reservations and were told that we could.  After politely speaking w/ the manager we were able to resolve the issue and get seated.  Once inside the night seemed to flow perfectly.

The inside of the restaurant is very classy and elegant w/ nice neutral colors, beautiful art work, and big open windows w/ a great view of the Bellagio Fountains...I LOVED IT!

The service was first class and everyone including the manager greeted and treated us very well.  In particular, our bartender, Martin, was very friendly and attentive. 

We started the night w/ a special blood orange "mocktail" and it was very sweet and refreshing! 

First was a warm and delicate Artichoke Soup w/ Cruton and Homemade Focaccia Bread.  I was tempted to keep eating it!

Second we had a Mushroom Pizette and White Anchovies Caesar w/ Germolata Butter Crostini; both were perfect savory bites. 

Third was the Lobster Ravioli w/ Asparagus Tips, Tarragon and Lemon Sauce...my favorite!  They were like light, airy pillows of fresh homemade pasta and I couldn't get enough!  However, I had to save room for my sweet tooth and most favorite thing of all...DESSERT!

For dessert we got the Trio of Tiramisu - Blackberry, Chocolate and PB & J along w/ assorted cookies (2 of each) that included Warm Chocolate Chip, Sugared Chocolate, Mini Palmers and Lemon Ricotta (My Favorite)!

To end the night we were lucky enough to meet Giada.  My friend and I were so excited since we're such big fans!  She is the sweetest person and besides taking pictures she signed my "Feel Good Food" book...it was such an honor to meet her!  The biggest thing to stress is give her some space and have patience...it's tough getting her attention, especially when she's slaving away in the kitchen and making sure things are going well in her restaurant.  

What an Amazing Dinner!  My new favorite in Vegas and I can't wait to go back w/ my husband when he returns from Afghanistan!
