G099MT9cwtwgdsR71JLp6w My husband has been here a few times, not on work days, and always loved it. But I ate here for the first time yesterday and had a pretty poor experience, save for the waitress doing what she could at the end to make up for things. Here follows my tale of woe.

Although this place is right off the Capital square, so you would think that folks that are working there would eat here for lunch, they don't. I had the afternoon off, and met my husband here at noon - he only had until 12:50. There was only one waitress on duty, working the bar and restaurant (including outdoor seating). Looking around, I saw that my husband was the only business person there - everyone else seemed to have the day off. And it became clear why there were no other people there for a working lunch - service was too slow with just one server. My husband ended up leaving to race back to work before we could ask for the check. 

So first tip - don't go here for a lunch when you have less than a full hour. And even for a leisurely meal, it was slow. The restaurant should have had more than one waitstaff. 

Some folks complain about the prices and portion sizes. I don't know about dinner, but I guess I expect smaller portions for lunch, and the higher prices don't bother me. His pasta special was a good sized portion, very nicely done, for $9. The side cup of soup was a little steep at $4.50, but also well done (sweet corn soup). But even with my sandwich removed from the bill (see below) the bill was still $19 for pasta, cup of soup, and 2 iced teas. 

My sandwich was a disaster. I ordered the prosciutto/arugula/mozzarella panini. First of all, when it came it was essentially a very thin piece of bread, folded around the fillings and grilled. There was less bread than I would have guessed. And the arugula, oddly enough, was dressed with vinaigrette, something not noted on the menu and, frankly, really odd. So with the super thin bread, and the oily arugula, I could not eat the sandwich by hand. So I tried with fork and knife.

With my first bite, I got a huge glob of chewy fat. Huge. I spit it into my napkin, thinking it was just bad luck. Second bite, same thing. I then opened my sandwich and pulled out an amount of prosciutto fat that far outweighed the amount of meat present. It was really gross. See the photo I uploaded to get an idea of what I'm talking about. 

The waitress did not come back to the table to ask about the food until after my husband had left and I had given up. I pointed out the enormous pile of fat on my plate, and she said she would remove the sandwich from the bill. That was very nice. When she brought back the bill, she also said she had shown the chef, who apologized, said it was a really fatty cut of prosciutto, he should have trimmed it, and it would not happen again. 

Damn straight it won't happen again - at least not to me. I will never go there again. It's a shame, because the food can be great (my husband was pleased with his dish) but there is NO excuse - none -  for serving a customer this kind of gross meal. But props to the waitress for her professional handling of the situation.
