G099MT9cwtwgdsR71JLp6w Attention: Corey D.! Look, I finally did it. 

So the long-awaited dinner plans to come here finally commenced. We met with another couple who was here for the first time as well. We were seated as soon as the whole party was present; our table was near the door so even though the entrance was covered by curtains, we were blessed with the cold breeze every time it opened. 

We started off with the bread basket. Not too extraordinary, but we did enjoy the huge piece of fried ravioli-looking bread. I have no idea what it's called. Forgive me.

Our friends started with the Assaggio di Formaggi Freschi, which was a three-cheese appetizer course with what tasted like honey jam. I can't remember the cheese on the plate, but it was likely goat cheese was one of them. It wasn't bad--I didn't have much of it but a small taste of each cheese with the honey jam. It wasn't a favorite either.

I started with the Zuppa di Funghi, which is wild mushroom soup with grilled country-style bread. But if you notice, I didn't get my grilled bread. Huh? That may be the reason the price I paid for was $5 versus the menu price of $9. But then again...$4 more for the slice of bread? I was confused. I didn't ask. I saw it on the receipt and didn't think twice. I didn't care at the time. I do now! Oh well. The soup was DELICIOUS. The variety of mushroom was such a treat, I didn't expect it. I wouldn't hesitate to order this again and again.  

My fiancé had the Crespelle agli Spinaci, which was really cheesy and not a lot of spinach. He said it was fine; I tasted it and thought the same. I ordered the Taglierini alla Norcina, which was amazing. The black truffle and the sausage and the cream sauce? Sooooo comforting on a cold night. This and the mushroom soup made great love in my tummy. Yes. I did just say that. The portion sizes for these dishes weren't massive, but they were satisfying. 

Our friends ordered a scallop dish and a tortelli dish. They both enjoyed it. 

One of us ordered the Seadas for dessert, which was totally surprised us in taste. And not in a good way. We didn't expect the cheese to be so----potent? Needless to say, we anticipated a sweeter dessert. Our server noticed we didn't seem to enjoy and told us after the fact that it has a "funky" taste. It would've been nice to know beforehand. The fried pocket it was in was good on its own; I managed to take a small corner edge that didn't have the cheese filling. Not a favorite. We all agreed we should've went with butterscotch pudding. 

As for the service, no complaints really. Our server did an amazing job describing the specials for the night and helping us with the menu when it was time to order. Our drinks were refilled in a timely manner. And someone made coffee nearby so we enjoyed the smell as it traveled towards our table. 

Overall, not bad. It wouldn't be a regular place for dinner, but the whole trip was really for the mushroom soup. I did it! It was yummy. I was impressed. 

But where was my bread? =(
