G3rk0dDROzpDdTugsnSDTw For a new restaurant, this place is on point.  My friend and I disregarded the weak reviews and gave Via Vai a try tonight since we both live so close.  Honestly, it's fantastic.

Obviously the restaurant is beautiful and loaded with gorgeous art, but we were truly impressed with the food.  Having both recently been to Italy, I actually don't like going out for Italian food because I find that I am often disappointed.

We both started with the Insalata Via Vai and it was delicious.  It was perfectly peppery arugula and I think a type of radicchio, with chunks of grapefruit and candied nuts, a generous portion of asiago and balsamic vinaigrette.  It was also a nice sized salad and definitely worth the price point of under $10!

Then my friend had the paccheri pasta, which had chili and was in a beautifully seasoned tomato sauce.  I went for the squid ink fettuccine with lots of squid and olive oil.  We actually were chatting with the manager, Jordan, who came to check on us, and I asked if I should get the margherita pizza or the fettuccine, and when he told me to get the fettuccine, I was skeptical.  I told him that I really only ever order pasta if it's outstanding, since my boyfriend makes his own fresh pasta at home.  Jordan assured me that their pasta was fresh and that he was confident I would love it.

He was right.

The squid was cooked perfectly and the portion was great (about 7-8 sizeable pieces of squid I think with one full mini octopus in there too).  The pasta was a deep purple colour and was drizzled with just the right amount of quality olive oil.  I asked for some chili flakes and added a bit of heat and it was honestly so so good that I had to write a review.  The only thing I would recommend is that if you're hungry, you definitely need to order an app and a pasta or pizza to be full.

We ended up trying the margherita pizza in the end as well (and obviously took some home cause we were stuffed), and it was fantastic.  I work in the financial district and am at the new Libretto down there regularly, and while I would say that Libretto has the Toronto market pretty much cornered on killer pizza, Via Vai's pizza is very, very good.  The crust was perfectly chewy, the sauce had just a hint of sweetness, and they used just the right amount of cheese and basil.  I think at $12 too it will definitely become my go-to spot for takeout pizza in the neighbourhood since North of Brooklyn's pies are so huge and therefore much more expensive.

The negative reviews are super unwarranted.  Definitely go check this place out cause whatever kinks they may have initially had when they opened are now non-existent.  This is a great date spot, and I will definitely bring my boyfriend next time!
