G3rk0dDROzpDdTugsnSDTw Another pretender restaurant in the big smoke. What do I mean? Beautiful decor and attention to the artistic detail but fail on food.

I have been to too many good pizzerias in Europe and across North America to eat under cooked doughy pizza. Time to fire the pizza chef! Wait, wait, wait...Rewind!

Let's start from the beginning.  I walked in about an hour early ahead of my dinner group. I was greeted by a very nice bartender who took my order for a glass of Chianti. I realized something was 'off' on the taste, I have been to too many wineries and lessons to not notice. I did not think about it any further...I simply thought why bother? I just won't have it again. After all it is a wine bar there will be other wines.  After all it is what they do best, right?  When my group arrived I settled my bill at the bar thinking I had ordered the 3 ounce, but the bartender served me a 5 ounce. No big deal. I paid the $10 and gave her a nice $2 tip for her trouble. Of course somebody should change the price in the computer because the amount was $11 on the menu. Lax processes on the management side.

I joined my friends at their table and we ordered for ourselves and were dismayed that they would sit a table of 10 in the corner next to the giant wine shelf. Poor planning because when this was decided there was ample space available where the whole bench would not have to get up should someone needed to get in or out.

As we began to order the waitress did not know her product as she had to go back to the kitchen for her answer to which type of pasta came with one of the FOUR pasta dishes.  When another friend ordered wine they did not have two of her choices in stock.  This is supposed to be a wine bar right? 

Now to the one food items.  When your specialty is pizza and you have invested in a brick oven and a beautiful restaurant location, your pizza better be good...I really wanted this to be good.  When my Margarita pizza arrived I was happy to see it was not overcooked like the others at the table.  

Unfortunately, it was all too evident that my pizza was undercooked as the dough itself was not cooked through. The dough was chewy and doughy with a wet dough consistency.  I immediately asked for the waitress and returned the pizza.  Three other pizzas at the table were also inedible.  One was overcooked and burnt but the dough as well was undercooked.

The manager came by to apologize and asked the pizza chef to make her a pizza to test. She also took the affected items off the bill.  That is good management.  However, better management would be to rectify the issues before they sink the restaurant.  

How is it that a pizzeria and wine bar serves inedible pizza and has questionable wine management issues like lack of stock and freshness issues. I hope for their sake it was just a Gremlin day; a fluke.  Probably not.

After six months open the kinks better be worked out.  Time to take steps toward a higher level or sink fast.

As for myself and the dining club, we will not be returning.

Overall rating: 1/5
Food: 1/5
Wine: 1/5
Service: 3/5 (as a courtesy to the hapless staff - they did try)
