G9h56Qy5DudCqKBmbPWyzQ The service here at this specific sbarro was surprisingly horrendous. I normally come to this sbarro just because of how close it is to my house, but on this visit it definitely did not live up to the other excellent sbarro visits that I've come to know. I had just come from watching a movie, and was looking for a something to eat. Out of all the 4 others places I could've chosen to eat I chose the sbarro. I was with my 3 friends one of which was a little intoxicated at time. As a good friend I tried to get some food in him to try and get him feeling a little better. As I went to the counter to order I was greeted by an associate who showed me great customer service and understood the situation I was in with my friend. As I was ordering a pepperoni pizza and water for my friend she began to tell me that there was a combo I could get instead of the one slice and drink I intended to get that would save me money and get me an extra slice for a few cents more. As I picked my slice and awaited to pay for it and the other slice plus the drink. I was told by Deja the supervisor on duty at midnight on 11/10/15 that my friend who was intoxicated had paid. I'm in shock how could a supervisor of all people in the establishment sell to an intoxicated person whose friend had just told the previous associate that he was going to cover the charges? It makes no sense especially since this is in a casino of all places, so you'd think as a supervisor she would have a little more experience with this. So as I picked up the second slice of pizza I was told that he had not paid for my slice. I was now confused at the situation because I told them to get the combo instead they charged him for the single slice plus drink which came up to $9.06 instead of w/the extra which would've been $1.19 more. I was dumbfounded at the sheer lack of communication at this sbarro, in an area of no more then 5 feet and some how a message is lost? The place wasn't even packed or busy. We were the only customers. I'm not sure if the supervisor was taking advantage of me or my friend by trying to charge us an additional 4 bucks for an order we could've gotten as a combo, but I do know how she handled the situation was not professional. She would not let me pay the difference, but instead threw the slice that I had ordered in the trash! I do not know how she became a supervisor with such a lack of customer service skills, but I can say this I will never come back to this sbarro AGAIN! It has left a bad taste in my mouth for future sbarro visits elsewhere. I'm here left thinking will I be treated the same at other locations?
