gGS9Os0UBBO8BosD3VnwqQ I've been here twice now and that will be enough for me. The first visit I stopped in on a lunch break around 11:20 am. I noticed a sign outside promoting a 2 slice and drink deal for $5.99, so I asked the lady at the register for that. She rolled her eyes and said they had only opened at 11, so I'd have to wait for the pizza to be made. The lady made me feel like I was bothering her by coming inside and ordering during regular business hours. If they open at 11 then why not have pizza ready or close to ready at 11? I arrived almost a half hour after they were opened she should have been prepared to serve customers and with a friendlier tone. I had planned to eat inside, but asked for it to-go since I felt uncomfortable eating inside because of the vibe I got from the employee. Whens she handed me the food she never said thanks just "here you go" and then went back behind the counter. I often eat at Cugino's on Decatur near the 215 (walmart parking lot) and they also sell pizza by the slice and sometimes run out because they get busy and the older guy there always takes the time to make fresh pizzas and first warn customers how long it will be for the pizza to be ready. I never mind waiting there and wouldn't have minded waiting here at Delucia's if the service and food were worth it. The pizza I had was not cooked all the way. The crust was raw in a lot of spots and I couldn't even eat it. Complete wast of time and money.

I met hubby for lunch earlier this week and he picked the spot, being this place, blah. He knows I love pizza and thought we could try this place. He didn't remember this was the spot I told him about not that long ago that served me somewhat raw pizza and that I didn't want to go back. Since he took the time to search the place out I figured I'd give it another try. This visit there were 2 different ladies working behind the counter and they were very friendly and a big change from what I experienced a few months prior. I decided this time to try the pizza again, but this time priced at $6.99 I chose a special that included 2 cheese slices and a side salad. When I opened the box and saw the burnt spots on the 2 cheese slices, it just didn't look appetizing. I bit into the first slice and the crust was stale tasting and burnt. I looked underneath the slices and sure enough it was burnt. I couldn't eat much of it because the flavor was just terrible. I moved next to the side salad. When I first opened the container and saw the salad, I thought it looked very good. The lettuce looked very fresh, but when I mixed up the salad, I found rotten veggies under a big pile of black olives. Gross! Hubby had the same problem with his pizza being burnt and he called a bit later to let them know and they did offer him 10 percent off the next order, but really that's it? The proper thing to do would be to refund the order or better yet, remake the order and try to keep a customer. I noticed in other reviews and pictures that other customers have been having the same issues with burnt pizza and the business responds, so clearly they are aware that this isn't just a random issue, but an issue that keeps happening. I know darn well that the person making my food saw what she boxed up and should have never served it to a customer in the condition it was in. They are fully aware of the type of food they are really putting out. No 3 strikes for me, it's 2 and you're out!
