Gh-qmVwvibLnNdqEZXcQHw Hot night in Gilbert.  Who wants to cook?

DS and I decided to venture up the street and try the Euro Cafe - a teeny tiny little place tucked into the corner of the Heritage Court which, incidently, is kind of a neat little building itself.

We walked in and I thought - this is the place I read about? When you walk in, your first inclination is that it is like a soda and dessert place - but the hostess assured me that they did indeed have a dinner menu.

And a delightful one full of surprises!

DS, despite the heat, had to try the Shellfish Tortellini. It came with choice of soup or salad and he went for the soup (ok, i know - his Bubba taught him to eat and drink hot when it is hot, cold when it is cold - but seriously ;).  It was a spicy vegetable soup that was so tasty, he only allowed his mother who was picking up the tab to have one spoonful.  It was a light veggie broth with a nice hand of spice but not so overwhelming that you would not have enjoyed the veggies in it - most places either underspice and it is bland or are so heavy-handed that you can't taste anything else.  Chef obviously has a good sense of when to stop adding things to the broth!

The Shellfish Tortellini was wonderful.  It came with a very light cream sauce that had just a hint of wine, not much.  The tortellini were tossed with chunks of water chestnuts, almonds, peas, capers, and red peppers.  And loads of shrimp with scallops.  DS gave it a thumbs up and brought home just enough for his lunch the next day.  Hmmm.....wonder who taught him that trick :)

I wanted a little less so I ordered a Gyro and a small dinner salad.  The small salad was nice - mixed greens, a strip of pepper, a slice of cuke. It was not much for the price and I am not sure I would go that route again.  Nice, but I think it was overpriced.

The gyro, on the other hand, made up for the salad.  Let's start by saying I am part Turkish and come from Pittsburgh, where there is a gyro shop on every corner.  I may not know much about agave nectar but I know gyros.  And I had the most pleasant surprise when I discovered -  drum roll please - that Euro does not use standard gyro meat.  See, if you eat gyros, you realize that restaurants typically buy the meat on the spit so there is a consistency from gyro to gyro.  Euro's Chef, however, missed that lesson and decided to make his own. OMG.  I am so ready to divorce DH and throw myself at the chef  It is a delightful blend of ground lamb and beat with spices, then formed into thin long patties that are grilled.  Again, OMG.  They are so good. I, unfortunately, had dreams of leftover gyro for lunch the next day but those dreams died quickly as I could not help myself as I ate the entire thing.

If you love lamb, you have to try the gyro in some form here.

When we left, we couldn't help ourselves and picked up a German Chocolate brownie to go.  Meh, that was not as impressive.  I got the feeling it had been in the case for a while as it had that "fridge" taste to it.  It consisted of a fudge-type brownie with nuts (I am a cake brownie girl myself but I could forgive that) that was so dense and rich that we could only eat it in small pieces over the next two days. Yeow.  A little death by chocolate.  It was topped with some white layer (I am a baker but I have no idea what the heck it was), then coconut on top of that.  I expected a more traditional GC brownie, complete with some rich caramel/pecan/coconut layer.  So the GC brownie was okay but I think I hoped for more. I will definitely try another dessert next trip in and see if it is more to my liking.

So follow the signs and find your way into the Cafe and discover a great little secret in Gilbert!
