gIOpptgl57KGrOAFw_ViIw My husband and I have been excited to try out this Levetto location and were excited to see that the place was jampacked. This place has such a cool vibe and the decor is on point. Aesthetically, it did not disappoint. 

[[TL;DR understaffed, long wait times, subpar quality of food for this chain. Staff is friendly and venue is beautiful.]]

When we walked in, there was only one waiter on staff and he was so busy bussing tables AND attending to people. I figured we got him at a bad time and this must be the evening rush (it was approx. 6pm). We didn't get any welcome even from the kitchen staff (the venue layout is open concept so they could have shouted "Hi, please sit down!" Or "Hi, please wait for the waiter!" However, we got no welcome or direction and didn't know what to do but we took charge and sat down at one of the two open tables. A family that walked in behind us had to clear dishes from the last remaining table themselves. 

The poor waiter was so busy that he didn't realize new patrons had sat down and didn't give us a menu until asked. By that time, I had already pulled up the menu on my phone. We ordered the marguerita pizza and the pasta with white cheese and sundried tomatoes. As I have said in my other reviews, I believe if a place can do basic dishes properly then it is worth exploring other dishes later on. 

Upon ordering, we waited over 30 minutes and started to get frustrated. People were walking in and getting their food (I'm assuming from ordering ahead) but we were still waiting. At 35-ish minutes, I got up to ask when our food would be ready and the manager said our pizza had just been put into the oven right then and our pasta was being started now. I understand that orders have to be cooked in the order that they are taken but I was surprised that there was no communication that my order would be taking this long. My husband asked the waiter why it was taking so long and he responded with a snarky smile, "Well man, that's just the way it is." LOL what? If it's a concern for the customer then that's NOT just the way it is for us. I understand that the waiter must've been overwhelmed with the dinner rush and being the only wait staff so I get why he responded that way. He didn't mean for it to be rude. But that wasn't the right way to respond when a customer shows concern. And if it is the norm, I wish we were warned that the wait time would be longer than normal.

Our pasta came at 45 minutes in and our pizza came right before we finished our pasta so we got it to go. I asked to speak to the manager and politely let him know that some communication of the long wait times would be beneficial as a heads up to patrons and he was clearly understaffed. He politely nodded back and said that the weekends can get wait times of an hour sometimes. In hindsight, if that's so, then why hasn't he figured out a system to shorten these wait times? Is the kitchen too small, does there need to be more kitchen staff or wait staff? Really, as a customer, I shouldn't have to think of these things.. but I just got the feeling that this guy did not give an f about what I was saying as he responded with a "is there anything else I can help you with?". He responded nicely but his face just said "whatever". 

When we arrived home, I was starving and opened the pizza. 3/4 of the pizza was burnt on the bottom. I tasted a piece and the burnt taste was very apparent. There was also very little cheese on it but that doesn't bother me much since I'm not a huge cheese lover. But, if we're talking about general serving sizes then this was definitely lacking. 

Overall, I'm super disappointed because I ended up having to make myself something for dinner at home. The staff was polite enough and the manager at least knows his cookie-cutter phrases to say, so that's appreciated to a certain extent. If the manager is reading this, I'll say it again: you need more staff and 45 minutes of waiting for food is not okay.
