gIOpptgl57KGrOAFw_ViIw Absolutely lovely place to dine in. Been looking for an excuse to come here and finally had one: friend moved up here and wanted to eat out, so we came here lol

I went in not knowing I needed to order food at the front, so I was all ready to sit and had my jacket off. Of course I was redirected by my friend bc she knew where to order lol. We ordered two pastas and two pizzas, all four items were a delight! I couldn't help but wonder.. How come the pasta is $12.xx? Many restaurants place their pasta at the 18.xx+ range, so how come it's different here? I was genuinely taken back by how awesome the pasta was. To some, the pasta may not have been very savoury, but I like my pasta with minimal salt and sauce that's not overpowering. The two pasta were actually a perfect combination. What I mean is the rigatoni was packed full of beefy/tomato flavour and the carbonara had a light cream/egg aroma. When the two are paired together, you can really taste how wonderful each are in their own respect. The rigatoni was just pure awesome because I'm the savoury kind of guy. The carbonara was different, too light for me but the hint of bacon in the sauce made it THAT much better. I will certainly go for the rigatoni by default, but the carbonara was not shabby either.

The pizzas were also great. Definitely worth it all, especially with that delicious and soft crust - nommmssss. We had the Verde and salsiccia, both with distinct flavours and both a must try option. I said it once and I'll say it again, another perfect pairing. The salsiccia is a tomato/meat based pizza (my default) and the Verde is a pesto/veggie based. The contrast between the two are world's apart, but when eaten together, something special happens! Kind of like eating salts then sugar, this was meat then veggie.. Pure joy to eat! Did I mention how much I dislike olives? Well, I ate them bc of these pizzas.. That's how awesome they were. If you get a chance, pair these together :)

I will be coming back soon, wait for me..
