GMriYorKj1v-dhhJ1om-Sg Met some friends for Pizza Friday Night. This place gets very crowded so plan accordingly. Our table ordered garlic knots, 2 mediums and one Gluten Free Pizza. We were told the pizzas are handmade so expect 30 minute wait. It only took about 20 minutes have piping hot pizza delivered to the table. Everyone enjoyed the pizza and knots (although they were more rolls then knots).
We all ordered desert, again very tasty, but took close to a half hour to be delivered to the table! That wait seemed a bit excessive. The waitress was helpful and polite but we hardly saw her.
Celiac Review
I called NYPD the morning before we planned on dining eating there. I spoke with the manager and she told me that the Gluten Free pizza is cooked in a separate oven, they use separate utensils, and that all but a few of their toppings were gluten free (meatball, fried zucchini, and breaded chicken). She made sure to tell me that they do use flour in their kitchen and although they are trained and can handle Gluten Free requests there they call there pizza "gluten sensitive". 
When we arrived at the restaurant I spoke to the waitress about my gluten free needs and she sounded well trained in the requests. I ordered a pizza with several meat and veggie toppings. When delivered to the table it looked good but it had to be sent back to be cooked a bit more. The crust was tasty but very crumbly. I suggest ordering the gluten free pizza well done as that seemed to firm up the crust a bit. Not too bad for a then crispy crust.
I also ordered the GF chocolate "cake". It's exactly like the chocolate dome from PF Changs but served warm chocolate sauce on it. DON'T EAT THE ICE CREAM. I found out that they use shamrock vanilla ice-cream and shamrock lists restaurant packed vanilla ice-cream as one of their non-gf items. The manager worked with me on this even went as far as brining the tub of ice-cream out. They remade my desert without ice-cream and even took it off the bill (very nice of them but unnecessary). 
In the end I didn't get sick and the food was good. We will go back again!
