GnODIDJz09LecpudDoynCg Despite some bouts with inconsistency, the pizza is definitely worth the (sometimes long) wait

Bringing up three children, I've frequented more than my fair share of Madison pizza joints over the years.  When we decide to load up the Wagon Queen Family Truckster and head out for pizza, the Greenbush Bar is our preferred destination.  

I'm always impressed with the balance between crust, sauce and toppings.  No one component dominates the experience.  The thin crust is sturdy enough to hold up to the sauce and toppings and provides a nice textural contrast.  There is a little crunch on the outer crust, and a little chew on the interior.  The red sauce intensely savory, with a touch of sweetness that balances the acidity.  It is hands-down, my favorite pizza sauce.  

You get 26 topping options, including traditional favorites like sausage, pepperoni, and anchovies), Italian standards like Copa Ham, Molinari Salami, Prosciutto Ham, and a wonderful selection of specialty cheeses (chevre, gorgonzola, feta).  The vegetable topping are fresh (no canned mushrooms here) and act as a perfect foil to the richer meat and cheese toppings.

Since I primarily order the pizzas here, I am can not provide much insight to the sandwich and pasta menu other than the kids have enjoyed the spaghetti with Sicilian tomato sauce on occasion.  You'll need to rely on the other Yelp reviews for the other pasta options.

The wine list is top notch  - there are usually about two dozen by the glass options, with a wide array of varietals and price points.  The list is updated several times per year and the servers do a great job of recommending a wine that suits your preference.    

Service is generally pretty good.  In addition to assistance with the wine list, the servers have always accommodated requests made by the kids for their meals.  
Even when things are crazy busy, water glasses are refilled and dirty plates are promptly cleared.  Wait times for food and beverages vary based on how busy things are, but I have found the wait staff will generally keep me informed of the approximate wait time.  I've always felt the owner does a very good job of training the wait staff here.

But things are not all unicorns and rainbows, thus my four star rating:
 * They don't take reservations and wait times on a Friday or Saturday night can be upwards to 45 minutes.  Things also fill up when there is an event at the near-by Kohl Center.
 * When the place is busy (which is usually the case), there is a little bit of a "Das Boot" feel to the joint, given the basement setting, tiny widows and the low ceilings.
 * Every once is a while, the pizza crust comes out burnt.  While the staff will always attempt to fix the problem with a new pizza, it takes a while to get the replacement.
 * The tables are tightly packed so things can get a bit cramped and VERY noisy.  If you are sitting next to a particularly boisterous table, you'll learn much more about your fellow diners than you ever care to know.

So come when the crowds are manageable (weekday evenings and weekends before 6PM) and you will be rewarded with a memorable and satisfying dining experience.
