GTR39A2jwNIS_NV8q2r_JA Long story short, I ended up going here two days in a row.

Night 1 - Went with a large group. Waitress was spot on and service as a whole was solid. In fact it was borderline invasive at times, but that's ok. The waitress told us that the octopus appetizer would be the best thing we ever ate. None of us felt that way after eating it. It was definitely good, but not even close to the best thing any of us ever ate. I wish she didn't oversell it because I would have preferred ordering something else. We also got the calamari as an app and that too was good not great. Best thing about it was the cauliflower. The waitress also brought out some bruschetta  with a chickpea spread. The spread was meh and the bruschetta was so hard it would have cracked a tooth or cut up my mouth so I did not eat it. For my main course I ordered the black spaghetti. Again, good but not great. Of the 7 people at my table (a couple being foodies) no one was overly impressed by the food. As for dessert, that was an abject failure. Nearly everything on the menu was made with blood oranges. Maybe some people like those, but I am repulsed by the taste. No dessert for me.

Night 2 - For an app I had the gnocchi w/ wild boar ragu. This was pretty good. I got the braised short rib. Definitely decent, but it tasted no better than a neighborhood restaurant in my home town. I'd have expected more from a place with two accomplished restauranteurs. 

One major sore point for me was on both nights, each server pushed me to drink. The waitress on the first night did so in a funny and passive aggressive way and that didn't bother me much. However, on the second night the waiter we had acted coldly towards us when no one ordered alcohol. What a turn off. 

Bottom line, I've been to much better restaurants with a whole lot less pretentiousness  and that were much cheaper. Granted, the ingredients at B&B were top quality and the experience is on par with any fine dinning experience, but the most important thing, the food, was short of impressive.
