GTR39A2jwNIS_NV8q2r_JA Before going to Las Vegas for my best friend's 21st birthday I asked around a bit for recommendations of restaurants to take him to. The typical suggestions were given (Michael Mina, Joël Robuchon, etc) but one name stood out in my mind; B and B Ristorante. I did my research on the place and found out that it's on the amazing list of Mario Batali owned restaurants. Perfect. The same friend and I just recently went to Manhattan for my college graduation and we ate at multiple Batali restaurants (Lupa and Pó) which both blew us away. I've also dined at his Los Angeles restaurant, Pizzeria Mozza (next door to Osteria Mozza). Each and every time I've dined at a Batali owned restaurant my stomach has left extremely happy and my wallet isn't too hurt. B and B was a perfect choice to celebrate my friend's second birthday dinner.

B and B is inside the very classy Venetian Hotel and is tucked on Restaurant Row. It's Friday night in Vegas so the casino floor is bumpin' and there are suits and cocktail dresses galore while walking to the restaurant. Thankfully we came prepared and were sporting our suits as well. After walking the million or so steps through the humongous hotel/casino we arrived in front of B and B and were happily greeted by the two gorgeous hostesses. We then were led to our seats against the "window" in a cozy half booth half table. Sitting by the window was great because the people watching outside couldn't be beat. Out of all the hotels we went to beforehand, the Venetian definitely had the most attractive, interesting, and fun-looking crowd.

Our extremely professional server came over to greet us and take our drink orders. Right away we felt as if we had been teleported off the bustling Las Vegas Strip and into a fine dining restaurant tucked under a stoop in NYC. After looking over the menu we came to our decisions.

To start, we got one order of calamari and seppie fritti to share. This was probably the best calamari I've tasted in my life. The sauce at the bottom complimented the calamari perfectly by adding a slight spice to each bite but not enough to knock you out of your chair. We devoured the dish pretty quickly and then sat back to wait for our pastas.

My friend and I are big pasta lovers so we stuck to the Primi section of the menu. My friend ordered the spaghettini (with spicy budding chives, sweet garlic and one-pound lobster). The second my friend said his order our server got ecstatic. He said it was one of their best dishes and also one of their most popular. He then described in great detail exactly how it is prepared as well as how each ingredient compliments the next. Whoa. "This guy knows his shit." For me, I got the goat cheese tortelloni (with dried orange and wild fennel pollen). Again, our pro-status server then described how it's cooked and how the ingredients would taste with each other. My friend's dish was amazing. It had a small kick of spice but the lobster helped even out the flavor. Also, the lobster was the most tender, melt-in-your-mouth lobster I've ever tasted. My dish was also fabulous. I'm sold immediately to any dish that is prepared with goat cheese and this dish didn't upset. The milky goat cheese gave an explosion of flavor with each bite and the tiny shavings of orange offered a different and interesting flavor every third bite or so.

Before our meal started I told our server very discretely that it was my friend's birthday. He said that if we order a dessert they will add a candle but they don't offer any special (by this I mean complimentary) birthday desserts. Hm, oh well. We ordered the dark chocolate torta (with spiced huckleberries). Sure enough, out came a candle and script writing on the side of the dish. It looked beautiful (as well as delicious). Needless to say, we devoured this thing pretty damn quick as well.

Being familiar with Mario Batali's cooking we both came in knowing exactly what to expect; an amazing meal. We both left very satisfied. We then proudly and excitedly crossed yet another Batali restaurant off our list.
