GTR39A2jwNIS_NV8q2r_JA One of the best dining experiences i have ever had. Note I said dining experiences. Yes, I may have had a better meal, but from making the reservations to paying the bill, B&B is one of the best. 

We arrived to B&B about 10 minutes early of 5pm since we had a 7pm show to make. We sat at the bar and enjoyed a craft made "Smoked Potato and Rosemary" Martini that was like an amuse on its own. A perfect starter prepared by a very knowledgeable bartender. 

We were seated at 5pm, with our waiter already informed of our time line. He started with a great introduction and briskly informed us of the best choices that we could manage. Any questions were answered with detail and a reassurance that you were making the correct decision. He also noticed that my wife was pregnant and offered a custom "Mocktail" for her. 

ANTIPASTI: 
Warm Lamb's Tongue with Chanterelles and a 3-Minute Egg $17 - a great balance of pickling, tender, and savory bites that come to life the second you break that egg yolk. 

PRIMI: 
Beef Cheek Ravioli with Black Truffles and Crushed Duck Liver $26 - a classic Batali dish that emphasizes texture and the control of flavor. The mixture of duck liver was and beef cheek was fantastic, with the liver just adding that necessary mineral, woodsy accent. 

Goat Cheese Tortelloni with Dried Orange and Wild Fennel Pollen $25 - Just an awesome dish. The goat cheese filling was so creamy and smooth. Again, no single ingredient over shadowed the other, the all play together perfectly, exciting your palate with every bite. 

SECONDI: 
Crispy Polenta Sweetbreads with Favas, Oyster Mushrooms and Spring Garlic "Fonduta" $36 - A great dish executed with a delicate touch. The sweetbreads where simply creamy inside their crispy thin crust. The favas, mushrooms, and "fonduta" simply created a lovely sauce coating eat morsel. Paired with a recommended glass of red wine that I wish I could remember, perfect. 

We had to skip desert, but the choice was difficult. 

PS - Love the 80's music playing in the background. It does make it seem so uptight and snooty. Someone gets it; great food, proper attire, in a relaxed atmosphere works wonders. 

$$$$ if you are a proper patron.
