GTR39A2jwNIS_NV8q2r_JA In case you're planning a trip to Vegas, there are so many restaurants to choose from, so this review might help a bit. We decided to try B & B for a couple of reasons: 1.) we wanted tasty Italian food, 2.) the owner/chef Mario Batali is well known, and 3.) it's in the Venetian and we had tickets for Phantom. 

My first impressions: dark, wood, classic, brown, fine-dining, lots and lots of staff running around. Like another reviewer stated, they almost hovered around you at times. The menu is set up in a traditional Italian style--appetizer, first course, second course. The main courses are eclectic to say the least--rabbit, quail, something called white-shrimp. My gf played it safe and ordered the pork chop, but I decided to be a bit adventurous and get the quail. But before that, let's talk appetizers and first courses.

The server recommended the buffalo mozzarella appetizer and we were going to pass (you can't come here and not expect to spend at least $100), but it sounded amazing and--it was! It came out drenched in olive oil, topped with red onions and seasoned with a generous amount of salt (apparently Batali is not afraid to use the white stuff). The mozzarella was so soft and fresh--it literally melted in your  mouth. Now, for the first course--we were starving when we got here and really wanted some pasta-action, but when we saw our neighbor's small portions, we thought: we better get entrees too.  Anyway, Christina ordered "lune" ravioli filled with sweet potatoes. Mmmmmm...very sweet and savory. I tried the homemade orecchiete with a sausage ragu. The pasta was authentic and the sausage ragu was spicy and satisfying. 

So far, you're probably wondering why I only gave this restaurant 3 stars. Well, it's all about the entrees. The pork chop was cooked well, juicy and the vidalia onions gave it a tangy flavor, but it was just a pork chop. I tried the quail and it was so salty, I barely tasted anything else. Like most fine dining places, everything is ala carte, so they came with nothing! All in all, $178  later (we did get a half a carafe) of wine, and I only felt  mildly satisfied. If we return, we'll create our own pasta-tasting menu with four pasta dishes along with a couple of appetizers and we'll skip the main courses.
