GTuAPBRsM5dVPqPy9oe14Q This was my first time going to this establishment. It came recomended to me by my co-worker who's brother went almost everyday while living here and in high school down the road. I had to go to the costume shop just next door and she told me to look for this place. Thought I would give it a try.

After reading several reviews on Yelp, it helped me to decide this was the place to get my lunch. I walked in and Tina was eager to welcome me and quickly take my order. I mentioned that it was my first time and knew they were a cash only establishment so I wanted to make sure I stayed within the cash that I had on hand.

Got a half Italian with onion and just the way they make it. Nothing extra or added. DELISH!!! The aroma from the oil blended with the herbs were the first thing that I smelt when opening the sandwich. The bread was soft and contents were fresh!

I opted to get a side of potato salad from reading the reviews of it. OMG!!! I don't know that anything can take me away from NOT ordering that every time I come back. The potatoes are cut almost like an au gratin type cut which makes it so nice and filling (even with the small cup that you are served). It was creamy and the blend of sweet and tart made it just a wonderful delight!! Who doesn't love a good potato salad!

Next I got a cannolli. Being born on Long Island, New York and going back to visit family, that every time you go you have to visit the bakery to get fresh cannollies to bring them home to the parents back in Arizona. THIS CANNOLLI WAS EVERYTHING THE REVIEWS SAID THEY WERE. The cream was just sweet enough filled all the way though the shell (the way it should be!!!) and creamy as can be. PERFECTION!!! I just found my new place to get my parents their craving for New York style cannollies!

When I get the craving for a sandwich, I'll be putting this place on the map of go to places first!! To get all that I did on just over $7.00 for lunch it was perfect!

My co-worker is now planning on visiting for dinner for her and her husband tomorrow night on her way home!
