Gv2aZfTlYImmsERZg5D93A 3/16/11

Came in to see what Pomo had to offer on their happy hour menu-- certain cocktail drinks are half-off (I had the lemon drop, or something akin to that, with lemon vodka and fresh lemon juice).  The two pizzas I've tried here were just OK.  The Quattro Formaggi (mozzarella, provolone, gorgonzola, and parmigiano) was very salty, but good, crispy crust that didn't stay crispy for very long (not even ten minutes!), and the Quattro Stagioni (minus 'shrooms) was tasty, but I wouldn't order it again, as the crust was very soggy due to the tomato sauce.  Such a shame...  

Order the bruschetta!  I had it for happy hour-- sadly, HH menu only offers discounts on cocktails, not food.  Boo!  So, I ordered the bruschetta to try while waiting for the pizza... I should've just ordered two of the bruschetta!  Loved the crunch of the bread, and the toppings tasted so fresh!  

The panna cotta I had for dessert was good- you wouldn't have to twist my arm to order it again.  :)  (But of course, I'd like to try other desserts on the menu first.  That is, if they aren't off-limits...)  Mom liked the millefoglie w/ chantilly cream and strawberries offered to her as a token of appreciation when we had dinner there on Pomo's first-year anniversary.  I really enjoyed the slice of "anniversary cake" I was given, since I couldn't have the millefoglie special (due to powdered sugar and cornstarch in this pastry).

Service was very relaxed and probably modeled after the service you'd find in Italy-- it brought us to recall the same nonchalant attitude we encountered when we visited Rome many years ago... (Most, if not all, of Pomo's servers and bussers are Italians from the "old world," complete w/ accents!).  Mom and I noted that most of the dinner customers here seemed to be Italians, w/ many of them carrying an air of being visitors, or tourists, not locals.  

Two visits and the only things I can vouch for are the lemon cocktail, the bruschetta, and the anniversary cake (which wasn't even on the regular menu!).  One more try, perhaps...
