Gyrez6K8f1AyR7dzW9fvAw It was our final night of the Vegas trip; tired of buffet but already had upscale formal dinner. Decided to do something in between and found this Italianish (because they have Greece and Middle Eastern food too) restaurant.

You wouldn't believe what a hectic time it was when we tried to locate this restaurant. It's inside of the Venetian; we asked the security guard for direction at first and we were pointed to some random place and we got lost. Then we asked people working in multiple shops in the mall and no one knew where it was. We were literally lost for almost 20 minutes until we finally got there. It's sort of in a random pop up place and it's not located on the main shopping corridor neither...

The restaurant is not very big. It was Sunday night and was half full. Food time:

-) Calamari: B. It's actually hard to judge this one because it included shrimp too... normally it's squid only. The squid was okay, would be better if the squid body has less moisture inside the fried ring. But fried shrimp in this setting wasn't a great match. It's not Chinese type of fried garlic prawn but at the same time it was semi-fried.... nice try but not a very good result here.

-) Linguine Mare Nostrum: B. The linguine was a bit on the hard side; the spiciness of the spicy tomato sauce overwhelmed the balance of the two and couldn't bring out the seafood taste. The seafood was okay in general.

I shouldn't pick seafood linguine at the first place; my friend had Fettuccine Casanova (mushroom, chicken, bacon, tomato etc in cream sauce) and I tried some bites, it was very good. I would have given an A- for that but again I didn't have the whole dish so I can't grade it.

After all, I think my expectation for this restaurant was an above-average class Italian restaurant; looking at the menu, it is not one of those and it offers several cuisine style which might be good for groups looking for different varieties for sharing. Anyway it was a good try, the waiter was nice; but I would pick other places next time if I'm craving for pasta in Vegas in the future.
