Gyrez6K8f1AyR7dzW9fvAw Date of visit: 4/18/2015

I was panicking a little bit before our Vegas trip when I realized that I hadn't schedule a group birthday dinner for 17 people. Knowing that no one can really hate Italian food I decided that Casanova would be a good option as it was within walking distance of TI and they took reservations for 17 people.

On the day of dinner, we decided to leave a little early because I needed a shawl and we wanted to make sure we weren't late. Unfortunately, they're not listed on any of the signs, so we got all turned around. Luckily Scotty came to save us and we were seated. There were two other large groups (10+ people each), so I had a bad feeling about the service that would be provided. My bad feeling turned into actual poor service as we were promptly served water and then ignored for the next 10 minutes.

After flagging down the waiter who served us water twice, the manager (I think?) finally came out with a pen and paper and took our order. Some people in our party were a little worried because they had a show to get to, but the food came out with 20 minutes for them to spare.

Emy: Caesar Salad, Angel Hair Pasta with Chicken. The salad was not very good as the dressing was pretty watery. However, compared to the junk we had been eating the whole weekend, it was nice to have some greens to eat. My pasta tasted like pasta I could make at home and the chicken was awful. It was very dry and tasteless. I gave the leftovers to Issac to eat.

Cam: Gnocchi with Chicken. The gnocchi was not very good and Cam had the same issue as me with the chicken. There were also mozzarella balls mixed with the gnocchi, which were an unpleasant surprise when you can't really see what you're eating.

Smack and Diella asked the server to stick a candle in the tiramisu for me, and they were very nice about that. However, I like the tiramisu at Cafe Bella Italia much better.

Overall, Casanova was not the best experience in terms of food or service. The quality of food did not match up to the price. Cam and I paid about $60 for our meal and that didn't even include wine. Unfortunately, this is definitely not someplace I will come back to.
