Gyrez6K8f1AyR7dzW9fvAw This review is for breakfast/brunch.   Wanted something different than Grand Lux usual when staying at the Venetian.   Thought this place looked nice strolling thru the shops area.   Sat down for breakfast and started out ok.   I ordered eggs benedict and my wife ordered 2 eggs over easy with sausage special.  Pretty standard breakfast order.   

The food came out from the kitchen, and placed down in front of us and left by the waitstaff.   My wife's eggs were like hockey pucks, not over easy by any stretch of imagination and 2 hard yellow yolks.  The sausage was like a frozen jimmy dean variety sausage that looked rather sad.   I told her we could send back but she didn't want to wait etc.  My eggs benedict were placed on English muffin that was either not toasted, or only toasted for very short time.   The waiter was no where to be found but if my wife wasn't sending back, neither was i.

At this point, running short of coffee and a good 10 minutes after being served our food, our waiter popped in and asked "Is the food great?".   So i thought i would let him know and told him it was terrible in a calm manner(had he not asked "great", i might have just politely smiled and said ok but the great question was a bit over the top for what we had been served).  I asked if those eggs looked close to over easy and if my muffin looked toasted.   Before i could ask for more coffee, our waiter walked AWAY!   Amazing.  i called over the manager and told him what was going on and that of all the issues this breakfast was having, the waiter walking away was the worst.  The manager told me the waiter was new and thought that taking off the price of one entree should recover the damage.    I asked for more coffee and I told him the whole thing was terrible and rather insulting on the service part(the waiter just stood about 10' away and never acknowledged anything.    I left 0.0% tip which i never do, and left realizing that choosing Casanova for breakfast was a big mistake this morning.   I've never seen a waiter just walk away after me calmly answering his question if all was "great".

Anyways, skip this place for breakfast, dinner might be a different story.
