GzYAIjVULpRrFV2dQMKDog I initially chanced into this little gem shortly after they opened.  It's located in one of the oldest strip malls in Scottsdale (NW corner of Scottsdale & Shea).  They didn't even have a sign up yet.  I was having something done at another business in the same mall and had an hour to waste.

Their food, presentation, service and very clean newly redecorated restaurant were all excellent.  Sandwiches were warmed in a wood fired oven. 

I had their Brisket & Havarti Panini and it was the best Panini I've ever had, which is saying something because I love Panini.  As I was ordering I mentioned my disappointment they didn't offer a "side" salad because I wanted one but not as a main course.  I was told they just opened and their menu was at this point a "work-in-progress," but she felt a side salad was a good idea.  They immediately added a wonderful tasting little side salad for me (for a very reasonable price).  Their Panini came with what they call Chips and a Sauce (both homemade).  The chips are made from red skin potatoes, deep fried (I think) and are thick.  The sauce was outstanding; I wish I could purchase this in quantity to take home.  The photos I'm attaching include this sandwich with its included sides and the added salad.  I had their free "Lemon & Cucumber Water" that was available in a dispenser on the counter.

I was really impressed.

A couple weeks later I took a friend with me for my second visit.  I was about to reorder exactly what I previously had but knew I needed to try something different.  I ordered their Calabrese & Provolone Panini and it was just as good as my first selection.  My friend had their Grilled Chicken Panini and raved about it (another Panini lover who happens to be from the Mediterranean region).  This time we had our included side as a salad instead of the chips.  I didn't take any photos, but should have.  I will return soon and take more food pictures.

I overheard the owner tell another customer they were a BYOB but you may want to double check that.  They are a bit pricey but not for the high quality ingredients they serve.

BTW, I knew nothing about this place when I initially walked in.  I am not a friend or family member.  I don't always give such a complementary review, as you'll see if you check out some of my other reviews.
