gZYt10Kn-eHpo3n4lx3iBg Disclaimer: The owner, Marco, is sort of a friend of some friends whom I had never met in person before this visit. But I intend to give a very fair and honest review of my dining experience at this restaurant.

We arrived on the Wednesday evening before Thanksgiving a little after 6 PM. My wife called ahead to confirm they were open and the hostess warned us that they were busier than usual and that we may have to wait a bit to get a table. The restaurant is quite small and they appeared to be short-handed with staff that night as a couple of the staff members were sharing hosting, waiting, busing, and even bar duties. Having some first-hand experience in the food service business, I can appreciate the challenges that a small operation is faced with regarding staff. Even being one person short on a busy day can significantly impact your ability to provide good service. It took 20-25 minutes to get seated and the waits to have our orders taken, for the appetizers to arrive, and for our main courses to arrive were all longer than what we would normally expect when dining out. But, we were a party of six which included my wife's sister and husband who were visiting us from the Bay Area, so we weren't in any hurry and didn't much mind hanging out during the extended waits.

Now on to the food. We ordered several appetizers: bread rolls and garlic mozzarella flatbread, both of which were quite good; calamari (I didn't try, but sis-in-law enjoyed it); rapini (a bit on the bitter and spicy side for my taste, but the other adults at the table liked it). All of the entrees ordered were big hits. My wife absolutely loved her shrimp scampi; her sister ordered the clams and mussels and loved it; her husband was very satisfied with the chicken marsala; I ordered one of the evening specials, grilled swordfish in lemon butter sauce with homemade fettucini in olive oil and garlic on the side. I don't often encounter swordfish on the menu when I dine out, but it's my favorite fish and this one was simply delicious. Our 12-year old daughter chose her standard favorite dish, fettuccini alfredo with grilled chicken. She's not big eater, but she stuffed herself the best she could while I gladly cleaned up the remainder. She swore it was the best she'd ever eaten and was still talking about it on the drive back to our hotel and even the next day! Finally our 5-year old daughter ate what she could of the margherita pizza that was shared by several of the adults and had no complaints.

Marco stopped at our table a couple of times during our visit to make sure we were satisfied with our food and thank us for coming in that evening. It was readily apparent that he's passionate about his use of top quality ingredients and providing good value for the customer's dollar. Obviously, the overall dining experience wasn't perfect, but I felt like the service shortcomings were acceptable given the circumstances and the fact the staff remained courteous while busting their butts to do what had to be done. If Yelp would allow it, I'd give them 4.5 stars. So give Marco's a try next time you're in the mood for some tasty Italian food at a fair price.
