gZYt10Kn-eHpo3n4lx3iBg Had lunch here today and was disappointed. 

Walked in and it looked like a nice place, though empty at about 11:30. Nobody was around as I maneuvered my elderly aunt's wheelchair through the door. A young woman came out of the kitchen and told us we were to order and pay at the bar. She moved a chair away from a table so I could push the wheelchair right up, then she brought us menus and waters, and took our drink orders. Strangely, I was still required to go up to the bar to order and pay. 

I ordered an appetizer to share, pasta with Alfredo sauce and chicken, and pasta with tomato and basil sauce for my aunt. It was over $30. When our meals came out (we were served at the table...why couldn't she have just taken our order there?), I asked about our appetizer, which we hadn't received. She said it would be out in a bit; it was. 

My dish had a good flavor, but several bites were extraordinarily salty...and I'm a person who likes salt! But it was overpowering. The chicken was dry. My aunt didn't taste--nor did we see--any basil in her tomato and basil sauce. The "appetizer," which came after our meal--caprese on homemade toasted bread--was pretty good. 

When the server asked how our food was, I told her about the good taste but over-saltiness of my dish; not much of a response. While we ate, only two other people came in to eat; one seemed to be a regular picking up food, and likely loved the place. 

When we left, the two men from the kitchen were sitting at the bar chatting with the woman who had served us. No one moved a muscle to help us maneuver her wheelchair out the door. 

Finally, I've never worked at a restaurant, so I don't know, but I could see them using long-handled spoons to take the lids off the big pots, set them down,  then stir what was inside, and then to put the lids back on...it looked very handy, like it was made for that purpose, but I couldn't help but think it looked a bit unsanitary. Is that SOP, though? 

At any rate, we won't be back. Glad they have plenty of satisfied regulars to keep them in business!
