H_FkQxifSo13B2FWjhp36g Besides Tao, this was another Venetian hotel restaurant that I did some research and looked forward to experiencing. Also; I think Mario Batali is one of the least obnoxious Chefs on the Food Network AND I LOVE, LOVE GOOD AUTHENTIC ITALIAN FOOD!! It also reminds me of past travels abroad. 

Simulated outdoor dining ha! Your view is a pretty good replica of St. Mark's square in Venice, ahem... minus the Cathedral, sexy Italian guys, and pigeon poop LOL! 

I like to eat earlier rather than later in the evening (better for your health) so I did not have to wait for a table at 5:30PM. Before I talk about what I ate I have to share that while waiting for my libation; I saw that there was a crowd gathering and I noticed that they were mesmerized by a damn Mime that was supposed to look like an ancient, white, venetian statue. The Venetian Hotel was playing along, with strategic lighting and a platform for her to stand on. Of course she only moved when a tourist gave her some money - and then they took pics standing next to the sham. I totally detest that kind of shiz but did not let it upset my appetite and just laughed at how funny people are *rolling eyes* 

MMMMmmmmmmm okay here were go: 

I actually chose starters again but all were so delicious and are ranked by delectability below: 

Fried Risotto Balls = OMG! I forgot the actual menu name, but I think you get like 4 of them for $9. Imagine if you will; warm, cheesy risotto rolled into a ball and flash fried to a crunchy golden brown. Non greasy goodness and they were gone within a blink. 

Prosciutto di Parma = Dry cured ham that melts in your mouth. This is not your down stream prosciutto but actually imported from a little but well know town of Parma. To learn more about why I had to try this specialty: http://www.italyinsf.com/2008/10/21/prosciutto-di-parma/ 

Roasted Beets with Saba = Even if you are not a beet fan, this is a pleasing, light and healthy balance to the fried risotto balls. I was happy to see their choice of yellow and orange beets instead of the same ol boring red. The roasted flavor is immediate and the Saba, which is a cooked grape juice really made it pop, another good choice. 

I'm actually going back to the Venetian in a few days and will plan on trying their squash blossoms, grilled radicchio w/ smoked mozzarella and braised pork shoulder. Stay tuned!
