H_FkQxifSo13B2FWjhp36g I will fully acknowledge that being from California (born in So Cal, now living in Nor Cal), I am a food critic without a doubt.  I also understand that Vegas restaurants that are play offs of their main establishments are meant to cater to a broader variety of people that often come at the sacrifice of quality and variety.  In any case, however, what I'm trying to get at is, it'll be good, but there aren't too many places that I seem think are great.  Such is the case with Otto Enoteca.  Greg and I stopped off here after wandering around the Venetian and trying to find a place that was moderately priced for a Linner (Lunch + Dinner).  Greg had just visited Mario Batali's place in LA, so naturally he thought to try here just out of curiosity.  We both decided against pizza since that usually gets taken care of past midnight in Vegas, so we went with two pasta dishes: Bucatini all'Amatriciana and Gemelli.  Leading up to this, we ordered two drinks, a Bellini and a beer while waiting for our food.  Our waitress was nice and very courteous, but what I didn't understand was the table bread situation.  After we requested the bread, it came out in a basket...and that was it.  No butter, no olive oil, no salt and pepper on the table, just bread.  Um, ok?  We were starved, but they certainly didn't put much effort into presentation.  The bread itself was delicious, but it probably would have been better with something else.  Anyway, the mains came out, and the waitress had warned us that they serve the pasta al dente.  No kidding, as it would seem.  I typically don't like al dente but was willing to try it.  My dish, the Bucatini, had great flavor to it with a spicy tomato sauce, onions, and some cured  pork.  My only issue was, much like the bread, it was literally just pasta on a plate.  No additional decorations, no detail to presentation, just pasta on a plate.  The plate itself wasn't that big, but I wasn't going to complain about the portion.  Anyway, Greg's plate was also good, and he was convinced that his plate was better than mine.  I had one bite (the maximum bites I was allocated) and it was tasty.  Anyway, after the meal was over, we sat around and people watched which I would say is valuable since there's a million things going on in that little plaza.  Ultimately, I'd say this place is a little pricey considering the fact that a) it was just pasta, b) absolutely nothing special done for the dishes, and c) I think like most places in Vegas, the restaurant can hike the prices up since people like myself will pay for it.  I might come back here next time if I feel like pasta, but for $35/person, I'll see if I can go somewhere else.
