H_FkQxifSo13B2FWjhp36g Our bachelorette party group of five ended up at Otto Enoteca Pizzeria for Saturday night dinner recently. We were walking through the Venetian earlier in the day and decided it would be a great spot for later. A four star review is probably a little generous however there were definitely four and five star aspects to my experience so I'll err in their favor.

We showed up for our 8:15 reservation were seated immediately in an "outdoor" table. It was nice to enjoy the views of the Venetian Courtyard while being serenaded by the nearby musicians.

The most daunting task and possibly my favorite part of the experience was selecting the wine. The rest of the group wanted red and I was in the mood for white so my decision was pretty simple. As a big Sauvignon blanc fan I just went with the only sauv blanc being sold by the glass. Now the other ladies got the pleasure of working with the sommelier to find their perfect bottle of red wine. I don't recall his name but he was just a plethora of knowledge. I could have listened to his descriptions and stories of the wine all day. If I could give 5 stars for just the sommelier I would. 

We decided to go family style with our food and ordered the Caprese Burrata Pesto Tomatoes, Mozzarella Di Bufala, Cypress Grove Goat and one other cheese as our starter. For our mains, we split three pizzas which included the Margherita 'D.O.C.', Truffle and the special of the day, which was a pesto pizza with a garlic white sauce. So the cheeses were phenomenal, specifically the goat cheese. The caprese salad was pretty good too, as I'm not a tomato fan and the tomatoes almost seemed like roasted red peppers. Sadly, the pizza was the least favorite part of my meal. I only sampled the margherita and pesto pies, but they were just overall bland. The best part of the margherita pie was the fresh basil, but it just slid off the slice along with the mozzarella. The pesto pie was just lacking the usual burst of flavor that one would expect when eating pesto. 

Aside from the sommelier, the rest of the service just seemed a little off. For example, after we finished our cheese and salad appetizers they did not remove our small plates. The cheese came with honeys and spreads which wouldn't have mixed well with the pizza that was just served, and we had to ask for new plates for dinner. That was the only faux pas but they were just generally lackadaisical. It took a pretty long time to settle our bill, even when paying with just one credit card for the group. 

I'm not ready to write off Otto Enoteca entirely as the appetizers, sommelier and atmosphere were pretty great. I'd just hope that if I were to return the other pizza options were more palatable.
