h96UFhWMM6k2xGgvmMoszg Ever since the job moved downtown, I've been excited for lunch.  Sooooo many places to try.  Recently, I've had equal excitement over breakfast.
This is mainly due to finding this place.

I've tried the Low Carb Omelete w/chorizo, and their special - turkey, tomato, basil, egg whites and some kind of cheese on focaccia.  

I was not expecting to be satisfied whatsoever with the omelet, only getting it cause I was trying to be "good".  The thing was awesome.  Hmm, I can't remember EVERYTHING that was on it, but just remember that the chorizo went together really nicely with the fluffy omelet, and whatever else was on it made it a perfect tasting deal.  The fluffiness of it was my favorite part.  Really well made.  Enough to make me declare that at least a twice a week breakfast for me going forward.

My next visit I had that sandwich, which isn't on the menu but found on their board outside.  Now this..this right here....oh man.  Maybe because I never had focaccia before.  Maybe because I'm really easy to please when it comes to sandwiches.  Or maybe because it was just friggin delicious.  The basil and garlic together with whatever cheese on there and those fresh tomatos...that right there is enough to make me love it.  But then the fluffy egg and the thin slices of turkey give it a...solidness.  I dunno, it just all comes together and the flavor is just stupid good.  

Now the first time I went in, I saw a big vat of bacon.  Next to that was a big vat of potatoes.  I ordered a side of potatoes with my lo-carb omelet (yeah there went the whole lo-carb thing) and the lady noted my admiration of the bacon and threw in a slice:)  That alone made me wanna come back for the 2nd visit.  Then after tasting the potatoes, it made me know this would be a regular place for breakfast.  Right across from Starbucks so I can call my order in and get coffee while I'm waiting.  Perfect.  Plus the people are friendly here.  I also like that they don't turn on all the lights early in the morning, making it a nice place for someone like me to eat breakfast in - I'm NOT a morning person and don't like bright lights and bright people at 6am.

The prices are fine with me.  I had to give up being cheap ever since the job moved downtown.  If you can get full for under $7, I consider that great.  And here you can.  I think both times I paid about that much.  

I see a lot of the bad reviews are for lunch items.  I'll have to see what the deal is on that end of things.  But if you're hungry at 6:30 and like flavorful food, I'd suggest this place.  So far they are pretty darn awesome.
