HaPwC4nxs6RPfe1pAQkQ4A I'm surprised that I don't hear more about this place. It pops up so infrequently (at least on my radar) that I barely remember it's there. I first ate at Mastrioni's many years ago when it was at its old Rainbow and Flamingo location, but pretty much forgot about it when it moved to its current location--I'd guess this was my third visit there. It probably has something to do with the pricing. This is not a neighborhood drop-in spot for a casual Italian dinner. But if you get past the prices, there's no doubt that the food is good. Five of us had dinner the other night, and every single dish was a hit. All five of us enjoyed everything, and that does not happen often.

Before I talk about the specific dishes, I want to mention one downside because this same thing happened to us the last time we were there, a couple of years ago. Right next door to the restaurant is a cigar shop, and I can only guess that some cigar customers were smoking outside because just as we were contemplating dessert, our table by the front of the restaurant was subjected to very noticeable cigar-smoke fumes. It didn't ruin the evening for us, but we all decided to skip dessert and get out of there due to the smoke smell.

Crab cakes--full of crab, light on filler, and big enough to be shared.
Pasta fagioli--very good, but I thought it could have had a little more flavor from some of the spices or tomatoes--it just needed a little something more to make it memorable.
Caesar salad--I didn't try it but it looked good and it was quickly devoured by others
Chicken parm--looked perfect, just like in all the yelp photos, and tasted as good as it looked
Spaghetti and meatballs-traditional and good, just like the chicken parm
Sea Bass picatta--nice piece of fish that was complemented, and not overwhelmed by the sauce.
Seafood Linguini combo--lots of seafood, unlike some places that overload the plate with the pasta and skimp on the seafood.
Shrimp and Scallop Vodka-again, lots of big shrimp and scallops in a tasty sauce.
