hcHaWzM5wfdAbCWs4zmmqg Came here on Friday night at 6:30 for dinner with 4 other people.  They don't take reservations, so depending on what day and time you come you may have to wait.  We got lucky and were seated very quickly. There are several places to park on nearby streets.

This is right beside Playa Cabana Cantina, and is one of the newer restaurants in the Junction's food scene.  They've done a great job with the decor and the ambiance inside, it's slightly rustic chic and not pretentious.  The service was excellent the whole time, very friendly and great at recommending wines.

To start we had the spiducci, a charcuterie board, buffalo mozzarella with heirloom tomatoes and a margherita pizza to share.  Now when it comes to spiducci/ lamb in general, I can be iffy on it because I find unless it's a good lamb, and cooked properly, you get that unmistakable muttony flavour. This spiducci was cooked perfectly and flavourful, came right off the stick.  The charcuterie board had a couple different types of cheeses (one of which had truffle in it), prosciutto, and a few types of salami, an amazing truffle honey and a couple things on it I can't remember which was amazing.  The buffalo mozzarella was large, soft and fresh and the multi-coloured heirloom tomatoes were a nice touch.  The pizza was excellent, tasted fresh, and had a nice thin crust.  I was just in Italy for a month this summer and this pizza definitely compared.

For my main I had one of the specials of the night which was a risotto with scallops and a peice of salmon on top.  The risotto was comparable to a traditional northern italian risotto which is hearty with small pieces of vegetables added in like diced carrots, peas, and beans.  The small scallops were a nice touch and did not overpower the nicely cooked salmon filet on top.

For dessert, I had the flourless chocolate torte with vanilla gelato.  OMG is all I can say.  The chocolate torte was rich, moist, soft and warm, and combined with the ice cream was amazing.

After our meal, one of the owners of the restaurant came by to talk to us, he was a very nice person and you can tell he's passionate about his business.

Overall, was very impressed with our experience and can't wait to come back (probably very soon).
