hcHaWzM5wfdAbCWs4zmmqg Delicious meals, HORRIBLE service, and an accompaniment of Flies ... 
I have dined at Nodo before and was thoroughly impressed with the meals and the service! ( I was in a larger party and we were spending quite a bit of money(explains the great service ) I was so excited to take my husband to Nodo to try their dish with the octopus and potatoes. Upon arrival, we were warmly greeted and showed to our table. When our server finally decided to come over, I inquired as to the octopus salad that I had enjoyed at my previous visit. I was very promptly and quite bluntly corrected that the dish was not a salad. Her curt manner shocked my husband. I wish I could say that was the last negative interaction, but sadly it was not. Our server left and didn't come back to us until 20 mins later when my husband made his 3RD attempt to motion to her - indicating we were ready to order. We placed our orders, there was no verbal acknowledgement from her and just like that she was gone- Leaving us to sit quietly with our empty bread basket. Another server brought us out our entrees a short while later. They were delicious. Our server never checked in with us, not even once. She continued to check in with the table next to us ensuring they enjoyed their meal. After our meals were finished we had to ask a server happening by for a dessert menu. Once again, flagged down our server to order an Affogato. At which point it was made clear to me I was not cultured enough- for not having properly enunciated the "T" in Affogato. 20 minutes later, no Affogato. At this point I'd prefer to collect my bill and leave. Our server passes by numerous times and even stands idly by while we wait.  The coffee is ready, but so are the beverages of the table next to us that happened to order 10 minutes after we did. The server left the coffee sitting there to tend to our neighbours. When she brought the coffee I simply got a "thanks for your patience " as she began to turn and walk away. I requested the bill. $70 later, just when I thought our special treatment was exclusive to our table. The elderly gentleman sitting on the other side of us requested bread with his pasta, to which she curtly responded our pasta isn't eaten with bread and walked away. I can't decide if I'll return or not, but have noted the name and section of the server to avoid an unpleasant experience in the future. I really do hope NoDo reads these reviews, these are the few things that are keeping them from being truly great! - side note there were an abundance of flies around our table- 4-5 buzzing around our food at all times. We were close to the bar and food prep- not the door or windows.
