hh-N1r9O1JpvzGw1mp0bKw Since leaving Seattle and Il Corvo, I have deeply missed delicious amazingly fresh pasta by the dish. Rock'N'oodles had me at Sweet Home Alabama. 

My friend and I were here with a Meet Up group and we all shared dishes, which is good cause I pretty much wanted to order everything on the menu, no seriously, everything. Half orders are still large, but who doesn't love leftovers?

Ray of Light
Penne pasta tossed with pancetta, pine nuts, asparagus, white wine and lemon juice, finished with a heaping handful of fresh spinach and parmesan cheese.  
- I wanted to love this but for some reason I didn't, the execution was great, pasta al dente, but it didn't do it for me.

Sweet Home Alabama
Creamy smoked gouda macaroni and cheese tossed with purple onion and bacon. Topped with buttermilk marinated popcorn chicken and a swirl of barbecue sauce.
- Dear lord, this is heaven and hell, heaven for my palette and hell for my waist line. So good, go get it! The chicken was breaded wonderfully and the chicken was still moist. 

Nights in White Satin
Linguine pasta with white wine, lemon juice, heavy cream and white truffle oil, with sautéed mushrooms, jumbo shrimp, a kick of red pepper and fresh herbs. 
- I wanted to order one to go after I tried a bite, spicy and delicious, plus anything with truffle, I'm sold. 

Buffalo Soldier
Creamy blue cheese macaroni topped with boneless buffalo chicken pieces with julienned carrots and celery. 
- I don't like blue cheese, like seriously am against it. However even though I could taste it, it wasn't over powering. If you love blue cheese, get this one, my friend does and she was in love.

Everybody Wang Chung Tonight
Hong Kong style pan fried noodles in a rich broth seasoned with shaoxing wine and oyster sauce with thin sliced chicken breast, carrot, broccoli, shitake mushrooms and julienned scallions.
- So good! The noodles are super crispy and the flavor was amazing. Try it, you'll like it.

Bang a Gong
Authentic chicken tikka masala, a creamy tomato sauce with garam masala, greek yogurt and cayenne pepper. Served with sautéed spinach and cilantro over orzo pasta.
- I love chicken tikka masala, however this version I wasn't into, I'd rather have the real dish.

Overall love it, yes parking sucks, yes its super tiny, but the staff is friendly, the music great and the food is amazing - if you've been thinking about going - go do it!
