hHgSUnDB9yIrxUEMSmsdoQ I came for the grand opening VIP event on Saturday. I have never been to a Piada and was kinda just going to see if this would be my new lunch spot or not! I have been getting the emails for a few weeks now and the food looks amazing. I liked how everything looked so fresh and so good! 

We got there right at 6 PM and it was super empty. There was one other table in the restaurant with a few girls but that was it. BUT boy did it really fill up fast! The place was bumping in about 15-30 minutes. We were greeted right away and the door person was really efficient. We got our tickets scanned and looked through the menu. I thought that possibly the door person could have explained the menu and what we were allowed to get or not allowed to get a bit more. I didn't really understand what a Piada was or if we were only getting one thing or half a thing and half another thing. I went back to her to ask. I got my clarification quickly and we ran back into the line!

We decided to get two different pasta dishes because those looked the best on the menu. 

I decided to order the 
BASIL PESTO PASTA:Parmesan alfredo, fresh basil pesto, sundried tomatoes, freshly grated parmesan. I added more sundried tomatoes, extra fresh tomatoes,grilled chicken, and extra pesto sauce. One thing I can say is that the portion sizes are ridiculously huge. The pasta was premade but was not stale at all. The ingredients tasted really fresh and I enjoyed the veggies. I will say that the pesto had a strong taste of oregano. I had my friend also try it and we both decided it was slightly overwhelming, not pesto like at all, just more oregano. The alfredo also was not as strong as I usually like an alfredo to be. It just was not parmesan based it felt. It was just a bit dull. The plate was good, but eh.. I don't know if I would get it again. 

My friend got the
PESTO POMODORO MEATBALL:100% grass-fed beef meatball, pomodoro sauce, fresh basil pesto drizzle, freshly grated parmesan. She loved the meatball, I thought it was just ok. But we both thought that the red sauce was a lot better than the alfredo. I would get this one again, but maybe with a different meat than the meatball.

I also tried some of their Italian sodas, never again. TOOOO SWEEEETTT for me. I had to dump it out and get some water.

We also got little samples of the cannoli chips; yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. Give me some more of this for sure. The little bit that we got, yummy! And we got to sample the tomato and lobster soups. NOPE. They were too thick. They needed to really be less thick and watered down. The flavoring was too strong. 

I will go back again, I know I will. But this time I might want to try out their sandwiches or those good looking salads!
