hlrZHM4D48XiQtXh6cRg_w I was taken here by my parents when I was...not a child but a youth. I've always been a huge fan of spaghetti, it's my go to menu choice and if a restaurant has it (whether or not it's an Italian restaurant), that's what I will order. So obviously going to a place called the "Old Spaghetti Factory" was definitely right up my alley. 

Boy, was I knocked off my feet! I couldn't imagine going to a more perfect restaurant to satisfy my love of spaghetti. Not only that but you get this amazing warm bread with garlic butter (they have regular but you won't touch it, trust me) and your pasta comes with a choice of soup or salad, a generous portion for both, and ice cream at the end of the meal. What could be more perfect than that?

I always get the spaghetti with rich meat sauce, this one is the best one! I've tried the others and it just doesn't stack up against this winner. And I just can't fathom eating anything else but spaghetti here, I've seen others eating the lasagna or fetticini or whatever. While the lasagna isn't bad (my mother has ordered it)...nothing beats having spaghetti at the Old Spaghetti Factory. DUH!

For starter, I usually get a salad, if you're not a dressing lover, ask for it on the side; I also love their minestrone soup and the clam chowder is actually good. The servers are amazingly friendly and range from the young university student to the older more mature server that has been there for a long time, both are equally as friendly and gracious. I always write a comment card because I love being served by friendly people who always have a smile and make me feel important.

Many people think that place is a tourists trap and yes I guess they're right but I still love it. From sitting in the carousel to the streetcar or the telephone booth/elevator (which you need to reserve), I love it all and I will always come back here, even after I've dined at swanky restaurants in different cities. This place is like Swiss Chalet, reliable, good food that is always the right price and a place you can go to when you're in a pinch for ideas.
