hmfAdo6LuVOvBLiu75C8ZA Maybe its the company, maybe its the food, but maybe its a combination of the 2, but had another great experience @ Luca Italian Cuisine. Went there this past Friday night celebrating my wife and our friend birthday (booked through Open Table and put that in a special request in the comments, more on that later as well). Food and service was great! We were first seated inside by the window with a good view but inside was extremely loud so we were asked to be seated outside, which was absolutely no problem. As a party of 4, we had couple appetizers and main courses. Food was  enjoyable but not as good as the last time we were there. I would definitely skip the soup, was not to crazy about that, i think for the quality of the restaurant they can do much better than that. Also, I will say that I enjoyed Kobe beef carpaccio appetizer that I have gotten last time when we were her much more than Ahi Tuna that we ordered this time. If you are ordering mussels, be aware that they are very small sizewise (but the large platter of them does make up for it little bit) . Enjoyed the fish preparation table-side, great touch. Service was very attentive but not overbearing, they did enough to take care of us and keep us happy without being overbearing (my apologies to our server and hostess, they were both great but I forgot their names, I know our server was from Albania, I just want to say to both of them to keep up great work). At the end of the meal, she brought the house 2 house-made tiramisus with birthday candles with wish my wife and her friend a happy birthday - great touch. A house made tiramisu was great!
Couple downsides to our experience is inside can get very loud, not a problem for us since we sat on the outside but can get to be a problem if you have to sit inside. Secondly, I think $5 for valet for the area is a bit much, considering you have no other choice but to park there, I think restaurant should do complimentary valet (even with minimum purchase or something). Those are minor things but still worth considering.
Great experience overall....
