HojKatUfX4UHWaPqtl63NQ I have dined in several of Alain Ducasse establishments in London and Paris - and really wanted to re-live this experience on a recent business trip to Vegas. This place gets 5 stars for the views and ambience as the decor is very modern chique as well for the incredible service of the waiters and the sommelier. Came here with a group of co-workers on a Monday for some celebratory libation and dining. The waiter and the service were truly exceptional with lots of attention given to the table setting, explaining the menu, suggesting dishes and specials. The Sommelier was well versed in the expansive wine list and was able to pair up a great Gamay with a rather mixed set of appetizers and later on main courses. The food presentation was unique with lots of people making a show of pouring sauces, accompaniments, etc. 
And that brings me to the food. For those who don't often dine in high-end restaurants, this place probably epitomises haute cuisine. I, personally, was left with a "meh" feeling after sampling at least 8 different dishes. 
We were talked into a linguine with black truffles (as they are in season) - and while the pasta came with a copious amounts of truffle shavings (the real stuff, not the crap they shake on your "truffle fries") - the overall taste profile lacked depth and most importantly salt. What could have been a very simple but delicious dish, was rather bland. Calamari and shrimp appetizer delivered rather rubbery rings of squid albeit in an interesting sauce that covered up the textural imperfections. It's hard to screw up a burrata and tomato salad - and they didn't. Those two ingredients are a nature's perfect pairing and coated with good olive oil and appropriate spices was a highlight of the appetizer round. For my main, I ordered the duck breast - it's a dish I go to as I belive it takes a particular set of skills to render the fat appropriately and end up with medium rare middle and a crispy skin. That part was done perfectly. However, it's pairing with nougat was at best puzzling and at worse misguided. The bigarade sauce that accompanied the duck was more sweet and candy-like than citrusy as it should have been and the selection of baby greens that was artfully scattered on the plate included something that clashed terribly with the rest of the plate. I can't put my finger on what exactly it was - but the bitter, mint/nettle overtone made me gag. 
I sampled some of my colleague's dishes of filet mignon which was just OK, tender but plain and the rack of lamb which was pretty loaded with a layer of gristle and fat. 
So...overall the dining experience was good but not exceptional and I guess I was really hoping that this place matched the other Ducasse restaurants. It still has a lot to live up to.
