HojKatUfX4UHWaPqtl63NQ Unfortunately my experience with the restaurant called Mix, which preceded Rivea in the same location, has drawn down my rating to four stars because it let me know what this place can be instead of what it is currently.  Quick version is unquestionably five star food and service, but the decor and ambience pull it down to four overall.  I will prefix this by admitting I have some bias because I rented out the prior restaurant for my wedding and reception years ago, and return every year, but I think my points are still going to be valid, and while it was nearly perfect before, it's not quite at that level now.

Mix was very classy and had an openness to it thanks to the incredible view and everything being white/off white, including the seating, tables and floor; none of it distracted from the food or view.  The service staff wore suits as did many of the patrons, but even sans jacket, patrons would dress appropriately for the caliber of restaurant it was and still is.  The balcony dining was no different than inside other than the fact that nothing separated you from the air and view beyond the glass plate railings.

Here's how my Rivea experience went the first time back since the remodel/rename.  It's dark.  The walls went from white to perhaps a gray or similar, hard to tell exactly since we went at sunset.  Instead of just free standing tables, they've been sectioned off with dark brown booth dividers everywhere.  I suppose this may make it feel more intimate for some, but I felt like it just made the layout busier, and the color darkened things even more.  Table lighting is now via large dark brown hanging lamps, intruding further on the space of a two story open dining room.

Outside dining has its own theme now; the seating is on colorful metal deck chairs with cushions.  Deck chairs for $120+/pp meals seems odd.

Service is impeccable as it has been every time we've visited.  You will never have to wait longer than a few minutes if you need something and choose to not flag someone down, and typically you only need something in addition to what you have because mistakes are almost non-existent in both the service and food prep.  The new staff 'uniform' is peculiar.  It's some kind of French Mediterranean theme where the staff wear dark blue jeans, suspenders, sneakers (Converse seemed popular), and perhaps if you're the primary server you also have a vest of some sort, maybe a bow tie.  Honestly I don't care that much, it just doesn't seem like it fits all that well given every other aspect of the restaurant.  There's a gentleman named Renee who is one of the server assistants and one of the most attentive and pleasant restaurant staff I've encountered; he's been there for over six years (based on first time we encountered him) and goes above and beyond every single time.

As far as patrons go, I'm not sure if there ever was a dress code in years past, but I never saw anyone in there that wasn't in at least pants and a shirt before.  Currently, and perhaps this is a testament to today's society, or there actually was a dress code that has been relaxed with the remodel/rename, it's not that anymore.  This time around, there were a few patrons in cargo shorts and t-shirts, along with a guy in very short shorts (think slightly longer than 1980's NBA uniform).  When you're out having a high caliber meal, you just don't really expect to see some dude's pasty white thighs and leg hair walking past you.

Finally, the food.  While I miss many of the items that had been on the Mix menu, the options are still plentiful and still excellent.  I'm particularly fond of the peppercorn bison, and my wife's filet was prepared perfectly.  The lobster risotto was melt in your mouth.  Appetizers include bread sticks with an olive-derived spread to put on them; similar in texture to hummus.  Bread and butter were also served.  We had the roasted panisse which is basically flash fried chickpea fries; great texture inside with just enough crunch on the outside.  I REALLY miss the lobster curry from Mix, but it's off the menu now.  So, no complaints about our perfectly prepared food, or its price, which seemed perfectly inline with what we received.

Last but not least, Rivea has added something very nice that Mix didn't have; private dining / meeting space.  What had been unfinished space in the north end of the building is now a pair of private rooms for dining and/or gathering with the same floor to ceiling windows giving you both mountain and strip, so you can host an event there of smaller proportion than a full restaurant buy out.  Take it from me, this is the perfect place to get married and/or host a reception, and being able to do so at what is probably going to be significantly less expensive than a full buy out means it's now available to many more.

I really love Rivea, its food and its staff, but I miss the end to end five star experience that Mix had.
