Hqs4YNST_ZHbshwyi4bnsQ It's not often, actual just about never, that pizza gets thrown away at our house...but sadly enough it has happened a few days after our visit to Old School.

So we were coming back from a hike in Moapa, we were both hungry and tired, pizza sounded like a good option. We were gonna go to our go to place, Grimaldis but I knew we'd be passing Old School Pizzeria and have heard rave reviews, so we agreed to give it a try. The website has an online ordering service so while my husband was driving I was ordering. It sent me a confirmation text that the pizza would be done by 5:57pm. Well we got there about 5:50, so I ran in, it didn't seem too busy so I ran to the restroom before I picked up my order.
When I came out I stood at the counter for a few minutes before I was greeted and asked what they could help me with. I showed him my order confirmation on my phone, he couldn't seem to find it, then printed a slip, and whispered something to the chef. I heard the chef say it was in the oven. I was told it would be a few minutes, so I ordered a Coke and sat down, well it was about 15 minutes later when I actually got my pizza. They really didn't seem that busy, but watching the 2 men making the pizzas, I could see why it took so long, they were very slow!
First of all I have read many reviews on this place that say "This is a legit old school type pizza place", it's not at all. The inside is a bit "done up" for a pizza place, the cooks were definitely not Italian, they don't toss the dough old school style. Old school pizza places don't give you ranch dressing with your pizza. But I digress.
The pizza looked delicious. We got home and dug in and we were quickly underwhelmed. We got a Half Carnivore and Half Sausage. It was very "meh". We ate so we weren't hungry and hoped that in the morning the leftovers would reheat better. Oh and that side of ranch was not good, it didn't help the crust...it may have made it worse.
Well we tried to reheat it the next day, well there was no improvement. We both ate a piece just to eat something. the next day we collectively decided to throw it away, my husband will usually eat anything and he didn't even want it.
So the service and food was subpar, I will never waste my time with this place again.
