Hr5h_LG9TMBLlFz_Oici0A Terrible. Two waiters (one who was completely incompetent and oh so smoothly recommended every one of the most expensive items on the menu) for a group of thirty. He forgot drinks on numerous occasions, was slow to do anything and basically just seemed content to ignore us for the most part and take his automatic twenty percent gratuity. 

Even though the not so bright waiter nodded in an understanding manner every time someone said "put this on my tab" (that we were under the impression there were separate tabs) he brought out only four separate tabs. One for each table (food) and then one for the drinks (for all three tables combined). It wasn't until right then that he told us he couldn't separate it individually. What??

So now everyone has to pay two different tabs because we all had at least one thing on the "drinks tab". So does every table get two tabs when they dine here? I've never heard of a "Drinks only" tab at a "Fine dining restaurant". Either way, we figured it out and a member of our party expressed our concern to the manager; we wished we would have known about this earlier. Her underwhelming response? "It's on the menu." Thanks lady, you're really good at this whole "customer service" thing. 

When we expressed our concerns to the waiter about how he handled the tab and his poor service in general he actually said the words "While you guys were drinking and eating I was running all over the place getting things for you."

Once I brought it to his attention that this was, in fact, his job he actually cursed at me...... in the middle of the restaurant in front of his manager, colleagues and other patrons. 

Needless to say there are 30 people who won't ever come here again, we're all locals, and I have no doubt that each of us will also share this experience with everyone and anyone we talk to.

There are so many restaurants on Mill that are grateful, respectful and courteous to their customers, Caffe Boa is not one of them, so go somewhere, anywhere else.

If you're wondering about the one star it's because the pasta was good.
