Hr5h_LG9TMBLlFz_Oici0A Kristin S has always raved about this place as being an amazing happy hour spot, so my husband and I met her, as well as Melissa H and her husband, there for some discounted appetizers and drinks. Since Kristin had mentioned that the bar fills up really quickly during happy hour (which happens everyday from 4 - 7 pm), those of us who could arrive around 4:30 did. It didn't end up being that crowded after all, but given that the only bar-area seating consists of seats at the smallish bar and a few high tables, I would still recommend arriving as early as you can so that you don't end up missing the great happy hour deals. 

All of us ended up finding a drink deal that fit our mood at the moment: Melissa and her husband got some draft beer for only $2, Kristin took advantage of the wine specials (50% of wine by the glass), and my husband and I each sampled two signature cocktails that were discounted from $12 to $8. The Prosciutto e Melone and XXX martinis were good but not spectacular, but we both thought that the Anastasia (vodka, basil, and muddled strawberries) and the Blueberry Lemon Drop (with fresh blueberries) were distinctive and delicious. Next time, we'll probably have wine and beer, though, so we can really experience how cheap Caffe Boa's happy hour can be!

In terms of food, the following appetizers are 50% off during happy hour: bruschetta, antipasto platter, Shrimp Adriatico, and Capriatta (essentially a Caprese salad). Since all of these appetizers (except for the antipasto platter, which is normally $15) are usually $6 - $10, you can truly eat well for cheap! We tried all of these four apps except for the Capriatta. I especially enjoyed the Shrimp Adriatico's spicy and savory tomato-based sauce (excellent to dip bread in!) and the antipasto platter was presented well and featured some high-quality meats, cheeses, and vegetables. 

As everyone has already said, Caffe Boa's happy hour offers discounted and good drinks and appetizers in an non-Mill Avenue environment. I doubt I'll return for dinner, but I will definitely stop by the bar area between 4 and 7 at some point soon!
