Hr5h_LG9TMBLlFz_Oici0A So expensive and unsatisfying.  If it wasn't because my options were limited on Thanksgiving, I would've never given Caffe Boa a chance.  But I was desperate and hungry so Caffe Boa was the first of our string of disappointing dining experiences in Central Arizona.

Ok, I've had worse but I've definitely also eaten far better food in my life.  The best part of the meal was the free bread. It was actually very good and the dipping sauces (especially the chipotle one) were tasty.

We ordered the Shrimp Adriatico ($10) to start.  As far as paid dishes go, the appetizer was the best thing we got.  The sauce was marinara-esque with a tang.  If you don't like acidity, you will not like this. The flatbread was delicious and it's also fun to soak up the sauce with the complimentary regular bread as well. 

We also ordered Lobster Ravioli ($22), Angus Burger ($16), and Voodoo Penne ($8 half portion).   The Lobster Ravioli may be the most overpriced, overrated dish on the menu.  Are you serious?  $22 for 5 tiny ravioli?  I would love to see what a half portion is.  What's worse is that the filling tasted like imitation crab.  It was the worst thing on the table. You would think a burger is a safe bet but nope, not the case either.  I know we didn't ask for well-done but the burger, bun and fries came out beyond well-done.  Everything was charred.  $16 for a burger is more than I'd pay for most "gourmet" burgers in LA. Finally, let's talk about the Voodoo Penne.  This was actually an excellent value compared to everything else.  A half portion is more than enough for the average individual for lunch.  At only $8, that's pretty good.  Too bad the pasta tasted very average - kind of like the type of pasta I can make at home in 10 minutes.

It was 1:30pm on Thanksgiving and there were only 2 other tables of people at the restaurant. You would think that if there are 2 servers for only 3 tables of patrons, the service would be excellent.  Instead, the servers often mysteriously disappeared for 5 or 10 minutes at a time.  My friends did ask for a lot of hot water with lemon and honey.  We appreciate all of the free lemon slices, honey, and bread we received. Unfortunately, that was the highlight of our meal.
