hTsZSiftorNUFb1VaHCHHg I heard about this place from Check Please Arizona. Have been dying to try it for some time. Finally got to last night, meeting a friend for dinner. We had just missed happy hour which was a big bummer since it would have been 1/2 price appetizers. Ended up splitting 2 of the brushetta's with my friend - the pork butt and the short ribs. Both were pretty good, but other than a pile of tasty meat on a tiny piece of bread, it was kind of not interesting enough and also a small amount for the price.  We got 2 half orders which cost $8 for just two pieces.  I also tried the fig, prosciutto and goat cheese.  Decided I don't like prosciutto - it was like unchewable cardboard.  The fig jam was tasty but there wasn't enough and there was a tiny drop of goat cheese. Overall a bit disappointing.

My friend convinced me to order dinner which I hesitated on. I don't go to fancy or expensive places with an exception of Hillstones. I eventually ordered a $28 chicken dinner and it was disappointing. The spice rub on it was nice, but the texture of the chicken was rubbery and it wasn't a huge piece. It was a chicken breast with bone attached (yuk) and some bone and cartilage attached on the underside.  If I'm paying $28 bucks - you need to take the crap off my food please!

The mashed potatoes were fine, there were some great crispy sweet peas I really liked and a nice sauce.  In the end, I highly regretted spending that kind of money on a meal of that quality. I paid about $60 total (tax, tip) for a meal that wasn't the best and I was hungry an hour later and had to swing by McDonalds! 

On the pros side - the interior of the restaurant is very nice. Exposed brick and duct work, Edison lights, candle light, comfy, elevated booths. I liked the look of it all and the location was great in central Phoenix. The staff was also very attentive and pleasant.  I just can't get past the so-so ness of the food. 

If I were to go back, I would only do so at happy hour and I would focus on getting the bruschetta's which were nice. Maybe try a lesser priced pizza.
