hUHIahAcew5i39D_6ZqEmQ I stopped by here a couple of Fridays ago with my fiance and 2 other dining companions.  We had made reservations earlier in the week but whenever we arrived it was obvious that we didn't need them as at least 75% of the restaurant was open and never did fill up.  The inside is decorated tastefully with neutral colors and dark woods  with the white linen table cloths that you would expect from a finer dining establishment.  

Our waitress came over to greet us in a reasonable time period and asked if we had ever been there before.  After hearing all of say no, she told us that she would get us some of their meatballs on the house while taking our drink order.  I ended up going with a bourbon drink that was really good and whose name I wish that I could remember.  One of our dining companions ended up going with a wine that she wasn't too fond of.  After she had mentioned it the waitress came over and asked her what was wrong with the drink.  After some cajoling she got it out of her that she wasn't a big fan of the wine and even brought over a sample of a different wine that she would happily replace it with.  I guess it my dining companions face that gave away her thoughts about the wine but it almost seemed like they had a microphone on the table.  The service was that good and it stayed that way throughout our dinner. In the meantime we put in our food orders with my fiance and I decided to split the calamari Diavolo as an appetizer, while I went with the Delmonico Steak & Frites for my entree and then the truffle macaroni sounded good enough that we also decided to split that as a side.  First up for the food was the order of meatballs for both couples (it ended up being a large meatball for each person) at our table.  They were covered in a marinara type sauce and were a great start to the meal.  The meat was moist, tender and juicy and went well with the marinara sauce.  Next up was the calamari diavolo which was awesome.  Since I am a fan of spiciness, I absolutely love it whenever they put banana peppers with calamari as they did here.  The spiciness does well to pair with the mild sweetness of the calamari.  It was all covered in a San Marzano tomato sauce which was nice.  The taste of it was awesome and I think that it was probably my second favorite calamari in Pittsburgh.  The only thing that I didn't enjoy about it was that the breading got a bit soggy with the sauce but I easily overlooked that due to the taste.  Our entrees came next with the side of truffle macaroni.  My steak was pretty enormous and I was impressed with the size of it while the frites that came beside it had a nice truffle smell to them.  The steak was cooked perfectly to the medium that I has asked for and was juicy and delicious.  The frites were also very good as the smell and taste of the truffle helped to elevate them beyond your normal frites.  Last but not least was the truffle macaroni which ended up being my least favorite portion of the meal.  It was more of a watery macaroni and cheese with the truffle oil and although I thought it tasted ok, it was not nearly at the same level as the rest of our meal was.  After we had finished our meal the waitress asked all of us if we wanted to take a look at the dessert menu.  While we acquiesced, I knew that I wasn't going to get anything as the meal had left me completely stuffed.

The bottom line for me is that I would head here again in a heartbeat.  Yes the prices are a bit more than some other places but the food was excellent and the service was the best that I have had in a long time.  As the old adage goes "you often get what you pay for" and I think that Donato's was well worth the money.
