hXeasEtce5edeiRaGx5kmw Consider my 3-stars an average rating for an up and down service, roller-coaster style. 

After driving by Scarolies for years, I decided to visit. A friend, dining with us, told us to keep expectations reasonable as she said it would be "nothing special". We went anyway. I tend to want to experience things for myself. 

Sat down at a great table near a big window on the "top" level. First impression. Hmmm.. my chair is broken. The seat comes right up! I check if it's sturdy enough to last 90 minutes; it seems so. Open the menu. What a mess! Lamination on the pages peeling back on every corner. My wife remarks "well we know it's not a new place, that's for sure." Specials page just tossed in, bulky menus that take up the whole side of the table, unattractive, weirdly-spaced menu items that draw your eyes in 100 directions at once. Mind-boggling, literally.

My head hurting from the horribly laid-out menu, I ask the server some questions. "Is the "crab" in this dish real crab, or is it imitation?" He answers : "well, we get it shipped in, so I don't know." Yikes. So I ask him for a suggestion, and he does an excellent sell job of Veal Scarolies. Veal stuffed with prosciutto, mushrooms and cheese. He categorizes it as "excellent" and a "best seller." I trust him. 

The plate comes out, a reasonable amount of time later, and I see some nice pasta, veggies, a lake of mushrooms in a brown sauce (looks yummy) and 2 tiny veal balls. Except they weren't balls. They were folded veal. I tried to cut through, and found a ton of space inside. My knife couldn't pierce the tough meat. Inside was only cheese... just gooey cheese - and not the yummy goo kind.

I ate what I could, but it was too tough.. I called the server over to explain. He asked if they could serve something else, and I politely declined for lack of appetite. At this point, I'm thinking 2 stars, generously. 

A few minutes later, a manager-type came by and asked if there was something he could do. I thanked him for his attention, declined, and left further action to his best judgement. 

He returned a few minutes later with an envelope saying "for your next visit." Huh? He leaves, and I open the envelope. A $25 gift certificate. I look around at my friends, and we all agree - absolute genius on their part. Charge us for the meal and give us a gift certificate for the next time, forcing us to come back and give them a second chance where, likely, we'll spend more than $25 anyway. A nice gesture that really benefits them. I was impressed with the strategy..........

....except then the bill came, and they didn't charge me for my meal. The manager's move just went from genius on their part to genius AND classy.

You can draw your own conclusion, but the manager's actions and decisions definitely earned them another chance from me. And I told him as much. 

Food quality: 2 stars. 
Ambience and atmosphere: 2 stars.
Wait staff general service: 2 stars.
Management response to an unfortunate situation: 5 shining, classy stars. 

Days later, I'm still impressed with how he handled the situation. Above and beyond. Despite the crappy food experience I had, I'll give them another shot to win me over.
