HyKxWC9PrqlODjO-CBCIZA Yelp is my go to for recommendations, but this is my first time writing a review. This was hands down THE worst dining experience I have ever had! I know, I know... I should have listened to the others, so I really have no one to blame but myself, but we had an entertainment coupon and it was on DDD, so how bad could it be, right???  The first red flag should have been the guy alone PASSED OUT in the booth. The server said he was waiting for his party to arrive and acted like it was totally normal for someone to be sleeping, with their mouth wide open in a restaurant. Red flag number 2, besides him, there was only one other family in the restaurant, on a Saturday night at 5:45pm. We ordered our food (1 wee,1 not so wee, 1 salad, and 1 sausage sandwich) and then we waited. Red flag number 3, after we placed our order we had to give our dirty, paper menus to the people next to us that had just say down. I guess they didn't have enough to give them? Weird!!! After waiting 45 minutes we were starting to get really hungry and the restaurant was filling up. We asked about how much longer and the sever said any minute, but that they only had two ovens and there were a lot of orders. She laughed about it like it was a joke and when I said this is not funny, we are starving she said "it's my job to smile" in her snarkiest voice. This is when I started to lose my patience. My 4 year old was starving, (and at this point had eaten all of the snacks I had in my bag) as were the rest of us. When we ordered our food, we were the only table in the restaurant that had no food! The people next to us were already eating and I am pretty sure the guy passed out was not planning on eating. So why then was it taking 45 minutes to get our food!?!?  Finally 15 minutes later our salad came out, but we had no plates. Then one pizza came out, but not the other. The two other tables that came in after us got their pizzas before we got our second pizza and our sandwich!!! So half my family had no food! The other half couldn't eat anyway because they use so much cheese it took forever to cool off enough to be able to eat it. The service was terrible and my husband had to get up four different times to get napkins, knives, extra plates, and a box. The tables are also ridiculous. Every time one of us had to get up we had to move the table to be able to fit. We are regular sized people, but the tables are like picnic tables at a booth and the wood legs block you in. I have never had to move an entire table to be able to get out of my seat. When we were finally done no surprise the bill was wrong. They had said they would take off the sandwich because they messed it up (shocker) but it was still on the bill. As we got in the car to leave we all breathed a sigh of relief that dinner was over. I guess all you can do is laugh about it and of course "yelp" about it. Thanks for reading!
