HZRTSC7R0JWThNTCqVLnsQ I'll be very concise in regards to Cenacolo. It's exceptional. Over the top really. Perhaps even other worldly. 

What they've got going on at Cenacolo is just something special. Located in an industrial warehouse/old factory/odd-ball building is probably one of the premier Italian restaurants in South Western Pennsylvania. 

Everything is handmade. We've been to Cenacolo four times. On our first visit the server Paul suggested the Rigatoni. I've been hooked ever since. I've tried to get away from it and have been wanting to try other items on the menu such as the Strozzapreti, but the rigatoni pulls me back and for good reason. The pork ragu is perfectly cooked. The pork just falls apart. The herbs and garlic bring it all together. Bear in mind the menu on their website list the old rigatoni plate which had sausage and hot peppers. They changed it up and it is different now, certainly for the better I'm sure.

Damn, I skipped the salad and went straight to the main course. The salads at Cenacolo are very nice. Arugula, heirloom cherry tomatoes of all colors, shaved parmesan and probably the best balsamic glaze dressing I've ever tried and I can't stand balsamic-anything.

Another hot item is the Ricotta Gnocchi. I personally don't like Gnocchi, normally they're heavy, as if you are a brick. Not these little pillows. They're light and flavorful. They're not a potato dumpling. The braised short rib ragu with which they're served is similar to the one served with the Rigatoni.

We've tried all of the appetizers save for maybe one. The most recent being the sausage and peppers. It was totally my thing. Ground sausage, peppers, herbs, garlic, parmesan and crusty bread. It could have been a meal in and of itself.

They have the obligatory Italian desserts, tiramisu, cheesecake, etc. Their tiramisu is good, however I don't go to Cenacolo for the desserts. It's all about the entree. 

Dinner is finished off with a shot of limoncello and a cookie. A nice gesture! 

Make a reservation and go!
