0xzmIBsJQc5eUNLucFrZ0Q I ate here two nights in a row.  Why would you do that when you're in Vegas with so many good restaurants, you ask?  Read on....

Night 1 - 2/22/12 - Very good.  
I was in Vegas last week for a very large health care conference and the main reason for dining here twice in a row was because the crush of attendees which invaded Vegas booked up most of the other restaurants or there was an hour wait!  Luckily it was one of the least noisy places to eat and my colleague and I found a seat at the bar.  I ordered a goat cheese and shitake mushroom salad and an appetizer sized ravioli.  The salad had great flavor but I'm just not a Shitake fan and this night confirmed it as the mushrooms were cut too large and were too chewy to eat.  The ravioli was made fresh and was a perfect portion. The two mature gents behind the bar were jovial and in the right spirit and played well off of each other to make us feel at ease.  The service itself started out really well, but as the gents started to put their heads down on checking receipts, and fussing with registers, the service became very slow and it was tough to get our final bill.

Night 2 - 2/23/12 - Not so much, but a bright spot emerged....
I returned the next night as my colleagues left town and sat at the bar.  Two of the service staff (a 30-something dark-haired guy and a 30-something dark haired woman) were deeply entrenched in a "he-said-she-said" catch up session.  It was hard to get their attention.  I sat down right after the main menu was finished being offered so was reduced to bar food choices.  I ordered the same salad as the night before with no mushrooms and low and behold, it arrived with a few mushrooms still in it.  I scraped them aside and didn't report the error.  I ordered the appetizer sized spagetti and meatballs and it was just average.  The service was lackluster throughout, until I started chatting with the busboy.  He was a clean cut young gentlemen who was extremely polite and only spoke when I spoke to him.  I asked him how long he had been working for the Wynn.  He said he was a floater and that today was his first day working in this particular restaurant.  I asked him to explain how the floater set-up worked and he did very briefly.  He said although he is on call 24/7 which can be difficult, he was so grateful to be working and didnt mind the changing schedule.  He was confident it would get better and better as he gained more experience and hours and really liked working for the Wynn.  He was a very hard working bar back and it was so refreshing to see someone who appreciated his job, the work and the opportunity.  I know it must be tough at that level and only wish the upper management would take notice to his dedication and loyalty.  He was quietly charming and hugely grateful which was endearing and rescued my 2nd night at the Stratta.
