i4hvmTd4RH9HvOyG8ndYGw Full disclosure to the masses that I've become something of a pizza snob over the years (as my reviews of various valley pizza joints will attest to).  That said, I consider myself a fair and objective judge of different takes on the beloved pie.  There's pizza places everywhere and some really do get creative in their approach, whether its by going deep dish or by using a unique type of dough, or even mixing up unusual topping combinations (i.e. California Pizza Kitchen and the like).  Raffaele's claim to fame is focused primarily on a Sicilian style pie.  As I understand it, that typically means two things.  Squared and thick.  Beyond that my knowledge of Sicilian style pies pretty much ends, but my hopes were high after my co-worker hyped up Raffaele's as his favorite pizza in the valley.  And the decent Yelp reviews help too.

Having been to Atoyac Oaxaca just a a few doors down, I probably should've expected an equally divvy atmosphere, but my co-worker had convinced me otherwise before arriving.  I'm fine with dives, in fact I love ones that serve great food (see my review of Carolina's for proof).  The inside of this joint can not so comfortably cram in about 20 and was nearly full at lunch.  I decided to go simple with my first go around here.  Two Sicilian slices, one with cheese and one with pepperoni.  Total cost along with a fountain drink?  About $6.  Sounds like a pretty good deal if the Sicilian slices are in fact as hearty as anticipated.  The verdict?

I rarely order pizza by the slice like I did today so maybe my expectations need an adjustment, but waiting 15 minutes for two slices of pizza seems a little extreme.  The guys apparently needed to bake a fresh pie as they were out of Sicilian slices when I ordered.  So there was a wait.  When the two slices did arrive, the appearance was that of, well, pretty much a typical pizza.  Just squared.  And thicker.  They didn't taste bad, just average.  Honestly if you've been to Barros, Pizza Hut, Dominoes, Peter Piper, Hungry Howies, or any one of the other gazillion well known pizzerias in town, Raffaele's pizza pretty much is right in line with those.  For some of you that may be a virtue.  For me, it was kind of forgettable.  The cheese was, fine.  The crust was, okay.  The sauce was, meh.  Sorry, but I guess after falling for the likes of Pomo, Bianco, Cibo, and La Piazza this felt like a step backwards.  I understand that might not be a fair comparison, but thats just where my palette stands at the moment.

The staff at Rafaelle's is friendly and the atmosphere is completely laid back despite the aesthetics.  For blue collar folks, neighborhood types, and the lunch crowd, I can understand the draw of this place.  For people really looking for a pie that stands out, I can't say I found any real distinguishing features.  Except for the whole thick square thing of course.
