I4Gbdz5RizunE-RF2w3zkA I have been eating at this Villa Pizza for over 14 years. (They recently relocated). The owners have always been nice people and even though the pizza is a little over priced I enjoy it. When you pay 
$40 for a large cheese pizza and 15 fingers, you expect them to be good. I've never had an issue until today. I ordered delivery from this Villa (Cheese Pizza and fingers/hot.) It took almost 50 minutes to get here. which was fine...but when it got here the pizza was barely warm and the fingers looked like they had barely drizzled hot sauce on them. Usually they come doused in the sauce and they are hot and fresh. I was really upset considering I also tipped $6 to the driver. Since I've been a patron of theirs for years I decided to call and let them know my dissatisfaction. The owner's wife answered the phone. I explained to her the situation in a calm manner. She said that they took the pizza right out of the oven and delivered it. Which could possibly be true. I am sure they delivered several orders on the way to mine. She also stated that their chicken soaks up the sauce. I've ordered this exact meal several times and never had it in that condition. When I explained it to her, she got flustered and handed the phone to her husband. He then proceeded to yell at me and tell me that I was wrong. I was extremely offended and told him that I have ordered from them for 14 years. He said he would send me a fixed order. I told him it was not necessary but that I just wanted him to acknowledge that it was poor. He said he was sending a fixed order and that I didn't need to order from him ever again. 
I was completely offended. I could not believe that after eating there and ordering food to go for over 14 years that I would be treated so poorly. I can honestly say I will never order from them again as I refuse to support any business, small or large that would yell at customers like that. I am afraid to eat what they brought to "replace" the order as I fear it could be "compromised." I am so disappointed, to say the least that any business would treat customers that way. I will NEVER eat or order from this Villa Pizza again.
