i7NqPkLgLEBApeoBsPNvyA This is a restaurant with a serious identity crisis. We came here at around 4:30 on a weekday and were greeted and seated promptly. Given that this is a new business and an odd time of day, we pretty much had the place to ourselves. It would have been nice and quiet if it weren't for the disruptive noise of a small child running around the bar/kitchen area for the first 30 minutes or so.

Although the atmosphere is warm and cozy, it's obvious that this location was formerly a Mexican restaurant (Cancun) and didn't give an Italian vibe at all. Spanish tiles and other Latin-inspired decor are still present, as are signs promoting Mexican beers. Staff members appeared to be of Hispanic descent and were heard speaking Spanish. The background music was also very odd and not appropriate for an Italian restaurant. Not only was it too loud, but the song styles were inconsistent and some were clearly Spanish/Mexican.

The service was very attentive and we promptly received bread with olive oil and balsamic. The bread was good but the oil had an off flavor and didn't taste authentic. Upon studying the menu, some of the selections seemed a bit unusual/non-traditional, as if improvised, with many of the more familiar entrees absent. Our dinners arrived in a reasonable amount of time but were only lukewarm. I ordered a pasta item and was disappointed with the small pieces of pancetta and prosciutto, although the portion size was good. It was also lacking flavor and intensity. However, my friend's salmon fillet-topped salad, was very good he said. We shared a tiramisu, one of my favorite desserts, but it too was lacking the rich texture and flavor I'm used to.

I'm not sure why this place is posing as an Italian restaurant when it's clearly destined to be Mexican. There are too many authentic Mediterranean-style restaurants in Madison to ever consider returning to this location. I think the proprietors should do what comes naturally instead of trying to reinvent themselves and be something they are not.
