0ZN2MfHyjNIkCx7qJvVhDg Mom, dad, 14 year old daughter and 6 year old son went for dinner. When the reservation was made, I let them now I wanted to eat downstairs to see the band playing that evening. When I arrived, I was told that while our reservation was for 7:30, they wouldn't be open for seating downstairs til 8:00. When we closed out our tab in the bar, first, we were told by the manager that we couldn't eat downstairs, then when it was pointed out that we made quite clear our desires and that it should have been brought up over the phone when I made the reservation, or at arrival, the story became that we couldn't have the kids downstairs because it was a nightclub, and against state liquor laws.

I suppose I shouldn't be surprised if the manager wasn't familiar with state liquor laws, as he also told us that by allowing the kids to try a sip of our cocktails, the restaurant could get in trouble. After being reminded of that comment by a fellow Yelper, I went looking for information, and this is actually addressed in ORC (Ohio Revised Code) 4301.69(B), which says, "No person who is the owner or occupant of any public or private place shall knowingly allow any underage person to remain in or on the place while possessing or consuming beer or intoxicating liquor, unless the intoxicating liquor or beer is given to the person possessing or consuming it by that person's parent, spouse who is not an underage person, or legal guardian and the parent, spouse who is not an underage person, or legal guardian is present at the time of the person's possession or consumption of the beer or intoxicating liquor." It seems pretty clear the state of Ohio is okay with parents letting their own kids try a sip of their libations.

There was no apology, no offer to make it right, no alternative presented. We spent over a half hour in the bar waiting for a table they appeared to have no intention of ever making good on. The only thing he did right was immediately and without question refund the unconsumed cocktail that had been intended to come downstairs with us. 

The astonishingly poor service made the appetizers we ate look almost passable. $12 for seven shrimp in a shrimp cocktail? The calamari was okay, but a bit undercooked for my tastes. It could have been saved with some marinara sauce, but we did have the cocktail sauce from the shrimp cocktail.

On the plus side, the gentleman who was manning the bar was helpful and professional. I hope the staff are treated better than the guests, for his sake.
