iEEiRQjRct417O--f6QqZg mysteriously this review was taken down, so i will repost it.

I've been using yelp as a tool for weeding out resturaunts without having made a profile for some time but the horrendous experience I had with this place today has urged me to not only sign up as a user but to even go as far as to use my real name as my user name.
My girlfriend and I Live in manhattan and have been stuck here for the past 4 days due to hurricane sandy.  We decided we wanted Italian tonight and were pleased to see a "new York" themed place that actually offered calzones all the way out here in Arizona.  Upon calling we were asked the usual: name, adress, phone number, and once I explained that we were staying at the Marriott and gave the exact physical address of "200 centennial way" I was asked by the employee on the phone "which Marriott are you at" and he went on to explain there were several.  I repeated myself, "the one that is located at 200 centennial way".  He then asked me "is that the big one or the small one". Dumbfounded I explained calmly that I had no idea the size of my hotel in comparison to another one nor should he expect that I would have that knowledge as I am obviously from out of town since I am staying at a hotel!  He then had the audacity to suggest that I ask someone.... YEA SURE MAN, LEMME RUN DOWN TO THE LOBBY REAL QUICK EVENTHOUGH I JUST GAVE YOU THE EXACT ADDRESS 3 TIMES!  I became so frustrated that I just said forget it and hung up.
Upon reviewing our other Italian choices in the area we decided that we were dead set on calzones and i decided to have my girflriend call back from a different number, place our order for pick-up and then hire a driver to bring me there and back.  I must admit I was driven to go this far out of my way to explain the stupidity of the person I talked to on the phone to their manager, after I had paid for and accepted my food.
Once my food was paid for I asked to speak to the manager and I explained how I was treated on the phone.  He went on to explain to me that there were several marriotts in the area and that they would need the exact address of the hotel.  And for a second time I repeated to him, 200 centennial way.  He followed with "yes but that is near main street and there are 2 different Marriott near main street". And again, I repeated, "THAT IS NICE BUT I AM AT THE ONE THAT IS LOCATED AT THE EXACT ADDRESS OF 200 CENTENIAL WAY"..... I Seriously felt like I was talking to someone who hadn't graduated a kindergarten.  I was in disbelief.  I then asked him if it was common practice for their delivery men to use GPS and he responded yes, to which I followed "WELL THEN WHY WOULDN'T THAT ADDRESS WORK??". He then asked me to leave the store... Didn't offer me a dime back towards the driver I had to hire because of his establishments incompetence, just asked me to leave because as far as I could tell I stumped him with the common sense of an 8 year old.  Unreal..... Not to mention I wasn't given any takeaway utensils to eat our food with,  and as far as the food goes, it was awful and anyone from new York would challenge a pizza place that had the boldness to reference the region in its name..... Awful awful awful.
.. Don't give this place your business. Hey mr manager you see this review and have a problem?  feel free to email me at joeletz@hotmail.com
