Ih0f0UyhFufm3C7kR72DSQ Before I begin my official review, I must say that I was thoroughly impressed with Dante. Almost everything went off without a hitch. 

It was our one year anniversary, and we figured that we'd go a little classier than usual. And because I am both lazy and easily influenced, to yelp I went. Pretty much closed my eyes and used the fickle finger of fate to choose out of the seemingly endless list of good choices. Dante won. And here we are. I made reservations for the vault. (A really really good choice. So intimate, romantic, out of the way...) Because it was our anniversary, we both got surprise glasses of complementary champagne! (Whoo!! Spelled it right on my first try!) We shared an order of calamari. It was very good calamari too... Light, crisp, and flavorful. Definitely a must try. I got the pork with white beans as an entree. Delicious and filling for sure. I almost passed up dessert. But thanks to peer pressure, I gave in and got the Chocolate Peanut Parfait. Sweet, but not too sweet. Loved the banana ice cream! It paired perfectly with the salted caramel. The food, the service, and the atmosphere, all get 5 stars. 

BUT Dante lost a star on one thing, and that's parking. It is horrendous to say the least. I know they have valet, and if we were in any other car we would have used it. Unfortunately, our vehicle of choice is a giant pickup truck. Its already hard to park, and handing the keys over to someone who doesn't know how to handle it and trying to maneuver that monster into that tiny little lot? No way. It was also weird that on a Monday night there was literally NO parking anywhere! We ended up parking almost three quarters of a mile away and hoofing it. Definitely plan ahead when you make a reservation. Come a bit early so you can circle to find a space if you don't feel like paying for valet. 


TL;DR version: Calamari is good, pork is great, service excellent, reservations a must, and parking is chaotic. Great place but plan ahead for sure!
