Ih0f0UyhFufm3C7kR72DSQ As a person who eats out nearly every night I see a lot of restaurants and I can tell you that this is in my opinion my favorite. 

To me a restaurant is not just food or drinks or decor or service, the measurement should be how well the restaurant brings all of these together to complete the overall experience.

Dante, has managed to infuse all of these items together. I'll start with the space, a former bank, it has transcended into a fabulous work of art. Keeping the character of the former the restaurant is beautiful and warm and comfortable. It has a vibe that you feel when you walk in the door and are greeted either by Monica (Dante's wife or the General Manager, Branko Kidric (formerly of Ken Stewart's in Akron), both of which make you feel welcome. While waiting for your table to be ready you are offered to wait at the most beautiful bar in Cleveland (certainly the most comfortable stools), where you'll typically be served by the Olesia (Bar Manager), who no matter how busy the place is never appears to be rushed. She works with grace and class. 

Once seated you will be served by one of the professional servers most of which have been with Dante since the inception. All extremely talented and efficient. They are versed in wine pairings as well as suggestions for the most finicky palette. If you prefer you are always welcome to accompany Branko to the wine room to personally select a bottle of fine wine from there well thought out selection.

The food: First the menu changes frequently. My newest favorite is the Yellowtail Hamachi with Yuzu. Accompanied by light tempura okra, avocado and shitake. It is one of the best things I have ever tasted. However, all of their ingredients are high quality and fresh and are always prepared with style, rich with flavor. 

The little things: This is unique in that when you are there you will actually interact with Dante, who is always there. Not only a World Class Chef but also a gentleman who truly appreciates you being there. He will come out to the table, thank you for being there and actually listen to you. In fact on one occasion while I was there I was with a Vegan who mentioned that he did not have any Vegan items on the menu. Not only did Dante prepare a fabulous Vegan Entree for her that evening, on the next menu revision he added Vegan entrees as a selection. To me, that is commendable. 

The team at Dante is always eager to go the extra mile for the guest. I encourage you to make a reservation for your next special occasion, or your next date. You will be impressed. I promise you that. 


Many people write about Michael Symon's restaurants and I will agree that at one time they were great, but that time has passed. His places have the corporate feel of Flemmings or the like.
