IkLAUX7lZIWqE9_YC66SRw Oops...!  OK, our first meal @ il Capo was just fine, my daughter & wife had pizza and a salad = fairly good.  I had an antipasto that I was told was made for two. Quite excellent except for sparsity of salami = 2 thin slices & 1 slice of prosciutto.  A few nice olives and fresh but, not enough lettuce & greens.

Honestly, we looked forward to going back.  And tonight, we did.  "Oops" is perhaps the most gentile I can be.  Tuesday night problems when not crowded?  Hmm...!

I ordered the PAPPARDALLE BISTECCA, described as:
Ribbon Pasta, Sliced Beef, Mushrooms, Onions & Red Peppers In Tomato Sauce and I ordered it with extra mushrooms + sausage.  The dish arrived piping hot with NO mushrooms {even though it's a main ingredient as described} 1 tiny-tiny slice of a corner of a mushroom... so much for extra mushrooms, huh?  There was a hind of a diced onion - actually 3 hints, each about 3mm by 2mm and maybe 1mm thick?  Oops?  The sausage was quite excellent, as was the pasta.  BUT, what happens when you order a main ingredient as extra and you need a magnifying glass and tweezers to find any traces?  Oh well.

My daughter ordered a Buffalo Chicken pizza slice and she got it - even though it must have been made a week or so ago.  She couldn't bite through or slice through it with a knife.  Kind of like old door-mat?  Heavens, the waiter was so prompt in replacing it - but, why serve it in the first place if not fresh?  OK, she then ordered a chicken parm hero which arrived after the rest of us had finished eating.  My wife had an eggplant parm hero.  She said it was OK {nothing fabulous kind of OK} 

A $50+ meal for 3 with no drinks or deserts ought to be a good bit better, or, even as described?  Heaven knows there's tons of competition in Scottsdale for really good pizza & pasta.  Tonight, I guarantee almost anywhere else would have been better with delayed, cooled, take-out.  BUT, they took my money all-righty!

So, for a place that boasts quite the NY-Style Italian Pizza & Pasta, I have to say:
"Nah... nada, nope!"  When the food is fresh, it is fairly nice.  When it's not, or not as ordered or not as described in the menu... then what?  You decide.  And yes, I'm a NY guy who knows where most of the great Italian joints are in Manhattan, Brooklyn, Queens, The Bronx, Nassau & Suffolk, Southern CT, etc.  I'll admit I've not driven to Staten Island often for dining out = just a bit too far away.


If you like small or moderate size salads...?  They're great {just by no means abundant portions}  Be sure to check your orders when they arrive - not fun to have to say or write.

It'll probably be a good while before we dare to try il Capo again - BUT, we will since we live nearby.  I'd love to give il Capo 5-stars but, I can't even get half way there. Duh!
