iL2-xJ4-eMsJk88PsbivbQ I was born and raised in Brooklyn so I'm gonna keep it real!...i recently moved here to Vegas and I've been searching for a decent slice of pizza high and low, and I have to admit this place comes pretty close.

I met one of the owners Anthony, a really nice guy and when he told me he's from Long Island I appreciated his food even More, because only a true New Yorker knows what true Italian Food is suppose to taste like!

Now on to the food...the pizza is good, flavor taste like NY but the size of it is not true to the real size of a NYC pie. Their Chicken parm Sub really hit home for me, their Philly cheese steak sub is my "go to" item....the only thing that truely broke my heart are their zeppoles smh...A true zeppole is suppose to be light, fluffy and slightly greesey lol their zeppoles tasted like their pizza dough just fried up and drizzled with powdered sugar. No bueno! lol...Another thing that bothered me was their Garlic Knots, Don't go cheap on your garlic knots and sprinkle garlic powder over them, that is soo disrespectful....Garlic knots are  little balls of love! U gotta chop up fresh garlic and olive oil to put on those bad boys Anthony...it kills me- because u know this! 

I wish this place had rice balls!  man I miss a good rice ball! I have yet to try their cannolis, I hope it Doesn't taste generic or store bought. That's next on my list to try....Anothny told me to try their pasta dishes..but I'm extremely skeptical about my pasta. My standards are way to high for Vegas, so I hope u bring it Broadway! Lmaooo

Overall I'm definitely going to be a regular at this place from now on. Nothing makes me feel more secure about my Food than knowing a true New Yorker made it! If u are from the East Coast you know that first impressions mean a lot, Anthony the owner was very kind, he made me feel at home, and he took constructed criticism like a champ!.... You can tell that he really cares about his establishment and I respect it!

Keep doing your thing Broadway!
