InjZs7fCngPFValYpp5B7A I ate here this past Friday night with 5 dining companions.  The decor of the restaurant was nice and you could see the brick oven and much of what was being done in the kitchen.  What surprised me was how intimate it was as you could probably only fit about 30 people in the dining room.

Since myself and the dining companions were all good friends, we decided to split the first two courses in order to have a better sampling of the menu.  We started off with an antipasta (rustico), fondue and the white bean dip.  I thought that all of the appetizers were very good and worth getting.  We followed that up by once again splitting 3 dishes, the Gnocchi with truffle, spinach ravioli and pumpkin tortellini.  This was my favorite part of the meal and the pumpkin tortellini was absolutely amazing.  After we had finished the first two courses the waitress let us know that there was another reservation for our table at 8:30 even though it was only 7:45 at the time. We had ordered everything at the beginning and were not eating at leisurely pace either so we did not know what to make of it.  Ironically, it would take another half an hour before our main dishes were served and so the warning became a joke to us.  For my main course I had a dish that could be considered a paella.  After the first two courses I was eagerly looking forward to it but was left disappointed.  There was not anything wrong with it but it was not nearly as good as the first two courses.  Finally for dessert I had the Pecorino Romano which was a nice combination of savory of sweet.

The bottom line for me is that I would not actively seek out another dinner here but also would not  decline to go either.  This restaurant had some great dishes that were worth the price but also had some that were merely so-so.  It is a tapas place and so I would recommend it if you like to try new things but as with most tapas place, expect to leave with your wallet quite a bit lighter.  It was also nice that it was BYOB.
