iqntlaqSCB4hkzTzlPlEmQ My oldest niece, Jessa, was visiting from Utah and she loves Italian food. Plus, being a teenager she also loves the mall. So I knew Bravo would be the perfect place to take her and my other niece Jannaliese (who's 7).  Bravo has been on my radar since they have been upgrading the Galleria mall. I've heard many good things from the Yelp community about this place. 

We went on a Tuesday afternoon for lunch and they had a semi busy lunch crowd. The hostess seated all three of us quickly. Our waiter was there in a flash with water and a kids menu for Janna. He asked if we had been there before and since we had not he explained the lunch specials. Plus, on that particular day it was national lasagna day and they were serving a full portion for half price. What a great deal! 

We all looked at our menus and decided on what to get. I loved the kids menu for Janna. She had lots of options and she could color on her menu. They included games that kept her busy and even her own kids cup. My niece Jessa ordered the Pasta Woozie which  was their version of Fettuccine Alfredo with chicken and spinach. Jana ordered the Chicken Fingers off the kids menu and I had the Lobster Bisque. After taking our order our waiter brought us some delicious breadsticks that were more of a focaccia bread with a flavored oil to dip them in. While we were waiting for our lunch our waiter brought Jana out some pizza dough to play with and make into whatever she wanted. After she was done they will bake it for her. 

Our food came out in a reasonable time seeing that it was lunch time and they were starting to fill up. Jessa's was a large bowl to tasty looking noodles, sauce and chicken. Which was really was excellent. The sauce had a great cheesy bite to it. Jana's Chicken Fingers were made with actual chicken and it even came with fries and fruit. Just a suggestion check the blueberries! There were several that I had to pick out for her that were rotten or just not edible. My Lobster Bisque had great flavor despite its unsavory appearance. It had obviously been sitting out while my nieces food was finishing being cooked because it had a film on the top after sitting. It was garnished with some bay shrimp which did add a nice texture difference in the creamy soup.

When we were given back Jana's pizza dough masterpiece we all quickly realized that it was not the art piece she had made, but another child's. Since she wasn't supposed to eat it I didn't make a big deal about it. 

The atmosphere is definitely fancier then the food court at the mall. Bravo is covered in dark woods and high vaulted ceilings. Both my nieces kept saying how fancy it was. The service was just ok. I know our waiter tried, but fell short a bit. Waiting for our check and my card took a lot longer then it needed to. 

I came in expecting to love Bravo and I left thinking it was ok. There are a few things they still need to work out being that they are still new. But things like rotten blueberries are just not ok to me. I'll definitely give this place another shot in the future.
