iqntlaqSCB4hkzTzlPlEmQ My two favorite words beside bottomless brunch? HAPPY HOUR.  This place recently opened up at the Galleria Mall and I had heard it had a great happy hour, but I wouldn't believe it until I experienced.  We just happened to go on National Martini Day so they had even more drink specials than usual.  I can say with 100% certainty that their Happy Hour is UNBELIEVABLE.  Not only are their drink prices out of this world, their bar bite prices are amazing too!  We got 3 or 4 drinks each (two of us) and about 4 bar bite plates to share.  The bar bites are largely portioned so we were more than stuffed when we finally finished.  And everything we had was delicious!  I loved the flat bread I ordered and their spin on fried mozzarella was amazing too!  

I am normally not a martini person, but in celebration of National Martini Day I decided to step out of my comfort zone.  The bartender sold me on one and it was amazing!  I loved the food.  I loved the drinks.  I loved the pricing.  I loved the location.  I basically loved my whole visit!  My main issue is that the service was relatively slow for how not busy they were.  For example, the manager was testing the bartenders pours.  One of the bartenders had just taken our drink order when the manager said it was his turn and he chose to test his pour rather than throw together our drinks.  I understand from an industry perspective how important it is to test pours, but if the two patrons whose order you just took are sitting right there and could visibly see you chose to take you pour test for 5 minutes before making our drinks (which would've taken the same amount of time)...that's just poor decision making my opinion.  The customer should always come first.  It would have been different if we were at a table and weren't there to see it, but we just got the vibe from our bartender that he didn't really care about servicing us and had better things to do.  There was a female bartender on staff who took amazing care of us, though, balancing out our experience!  But, this place had just opened so I'm sure they are still working out the kinks and everything will begin to run smoothly with time.
