IQVka-wzJmN3jw2W70aCzw I ate here alone because I saw this restaurant on Check Please where I saw they ate osso bucco, my favorite Italian dish.  I have eaten osso bucco in various places in Europe as well as 3 times in Italy.  I like to match American Italian restaurants' osso bucco with the 3osso buccos I had in Italy.  

I give Michelina's osso bucco 2 stars because:

1.  it was rather small, and did not seem like a whole shank, though nothing said that it would be a whole shank.  The meat on my plate, was not attached the bone, and was a shape that inferred to me that it was never attached to THAT bone.  I think Michelina buys the veal meat, and also buys the bones separately.  Then she serves one bone and "some" meat on the plates.  Or she buys a whole veal shank, takes half of the meat off, and puts half of the meat plus one bone (meaning she has to buy extra bones), to make 2 dinners out of one veal shank.   Get it?   This is the smallest osso bucco I ever had in my life.

2.  the meat itself was flavorless and bland, like it was boiled in unsalted water, and then a tomato-based sauce is served over it.  But the meat does not taste like she cooks it in the sauce for hours.   

3.  the meat was soft in that it could be mashed with a fork (the meat fibers separated), but the meat itself (the fibers) was not all that tender.  I have to chew and chew and chew, the fibers do not come apart.

4.  The osso bucco sauce itself was not that exciting.  If you do not ask for extra sauce like I did, the meat would be dry and flavorless indeed.  Without the sauce, it would be just flavorless, fibrous bland meat.  

I had much better osso bucco in a square in Florence (osso bucco in Italy is only about $12 - $15 euros), on the Viking Vili from Amsterdam to Budapest, and a restaurant in Palm Springs called Miros.  

The salad was colorful, but taste was unremarkable, needed more dressing.  I like Olive Garden salad better.  

I felt the best thing about my dinner was the crusty bread.  I asked Brad to make my bread extra crispy.  I ended up having another bread order after I already got the check.  The olive oil and balsamic with the bread was soooo good, so was the butter.  

My water glass was filled each time I took a few sips (not by Brad), dirty dishes were taken away immediately (not by Brad), and my water, salad, bread were brought to me almost as soon as I sat down.  I give service 5 stars, Brad is so nice and pleasant, and the lady who poured the water was so attentive.  

I also liked that I could smell the fresh flowers by my table as I sat there, but I don't think I'll be back to try something else, because the food is expensive, and restaurant is not that close to my house..
