irBLpTJc_tVRl6MVW4dQww i love going to independent restuarants and supporting what is local to edinburgh.  but sometimes there is nothing better than heading to a chain restaurant where you know exactly what you will get.  so last wednesday night, the boyfriend and i decided on pizza express for a quick dinner.  also as it was orange wednesday we got the 2for1 offer (which includes free dough balls as starter but we turned this down).

now i know i seem to love the idea of pizza express, so why three stars.... let me break down the night:

we were seated right away and the restaurant seemed fairly quiet for a wednesday night as it was only about half full.  this was fine, but then we waited over 10 minutes to order food and every time i tried to catch a waiter to come to our table they seemed to just ignore us.  very annoying as i was super hungry and getting the grumpy stage of hunger.

finally someone took our order and our starter was brought out shortly after this.  we shared the antipasti platter which was super tasty.  the green goddess olives are amazing!!!!  they are just so incredibly good!!  we finished and a waitress came to clear the table and seriously she could not have been more unfriendly or look more annoyed.  i found it a bit odd as she came over voluntarily to ask if we were done so not sure what her problem was....

our mains took a bit longer to arrive, but when they did they were very good.  i can't remember what my pizza was called but it had gorgonzola, artichokes, crispy parma ham, and leeks on it.  it was delicious and i was a bit sad i couldn't manage to finish it!  the boyfriend had a pizza with bolonegse and meatballs on it which he also said was very good.

when we finished we waited quite awhile for someone to clear our table and then when we turned down dessert the waitress just disappeared.  i almost had to physically grab someone to get our bill after a ten minute struggle of trying to make eye contact with a waitress to come to our table.  when i did ask for the bill and said i had a 2for1 code the girl said ok and then just walked away.  a few minutes later another waitress arrived with a bill at full cost as my 2for1 offer hadn't been taken.  to be fair she quickly remedied this and we managed to pay.

so three stars as while the food was very tasty and enjoyable the service was just appalling.  i don't think we had the same waitress serving us twice during the time.  it's a bit of a shame as being in ocean terminal this place is handy for a quick bite after the movies or shopping but if the service remains to be this slow i'll head to one of the independent italians on the shore instead.
