IS5tQNVzyVYbI2zl8yEaKA This is one of my favourite places in the entire city,hands down. If I could give them an extra few stars I would.

When I lived in Houston,I used to dream of their divine food. The chef/owner is a genius that serves up food porn on white plates. It's conveniently located right by Jean Talon market. 

It's busy on the week-ends so make a reservation or go after 20:00. Group reservations are accepted with forewarning. Full bar is available,the limoncello is potent.

The first time,we went was approximately 10 years ago. It was near closing time and the entire staff were seated at a large table watching the hockey game on a 90's TV,I knew right then that this was the beginning of something special. 

The name of the restaurants translates to the house of the hunter. It has an old school vibe to it that makes you feel right at home with white linen table cloths & napkins. They have an entire wall dedicated to wine bottles. Intimate & romantic,it's great for anything from a first date or a family/friend get together.

Once you become a regular,the staff remembers you every time,it's a nice touch in today's world. Most of them have been working there for well over 15 years which is a good testament to how the place is managed.

The menu is cooked fresh in house including all the pasta with the only exception being the bread which they buy at a bakery down the road.
As soon as you sit,they bring complimentary bruschetta & marinara/cheese crostini (one of each per person) & warm bread with butter. The house wine is surprisingly delicious as well.

The menu is quite extensive & a table d'hote is offered as well. Antipasti,eggplant parmesan (my favourite) & other appetizers are available. Veal,chicken,quail,beef,fish & pastas are offered as mains. My spouse's favourite is the gnocchi with rose sauce. I swear they are the best anywhere,little potato pillows that melt in your mouth. They aren't on the menu but they are available. Same goes for the cheese filled manicottis. The marinara is delicious not too sweet or acidic with a great consistency.

Over the years,I've fallen in love with the linguini al pesto genovese. The balance of flavour & creaminess are mind blowing. Should you find yourself unable to choose between 2 pastas get the pasta duo & for a few extra dollars you can get both. Treat yo' self people! 

The chicken parmesan is phenomenal in all it's crispy glory,moist & well sauced,just the way it should be. It usually comes with potatoes & vegetables but you can get pasta for a few extra dollars. The chef chooses the pasta for you if there's something you don't like let them know. I generally always end up taking left overs home & they reheat very well. 

The dessert are good but by the time I've eaten the appetizer & main entree,I'm usually full at that point.

Finally for the gluten free peeps,you can bring your own GF pasta,choose your sauce & they will be happy to cook it for you.

It's one of my happy places.
