IT0IODInyhKbG4a_ka71MQ My family and I have been to many  Oraganos's throughout the valley. We really enjoy thier food, but this one was the worst by far... Once seated, we  ordered an appetizer, and the item that ordered  happen to have diced tomatoes in it, we asked if the tomatoes could be left out we were told no problem, after waiting at least 45 minutes or more,  the waiter came and informed us that the item would have the tomatoes after all. He said there was no way to take them out. I told him that any of the other restaurants that we have visited did not have a problem preparing it without the tomatoes. l I also mentioned to him that we had been sitting for at least 45 minutes waiting and obviously the kitchen hadn't even got to make our appetizer since he was just coming to inform us . We said we would take it however the kitchen was going to prepare it and said we were just hungry and wanted it any way they were going to prepare it.. After waiting another 10-15 more minutes the waiter came back over and told us that they hadn't made it yet they were busy in the back picking through it to pull tomatoes out of it. That is gross... So after waiting again another 5 or 10 more minutes the appetizer finally arrived we waited over an hour to get an appetizer.
NOTE: The appetizer is basically a cold plate there was not much cooking involved in preparing the item yet we waited well over an hour for it. Unreasonable!!!
Once our meal was served it was not how we ordered it. As we also ordered a salad which looked like it had been leftover from the night before.  It was extremely limp tasted old and refrigerated. Nothing looked fresh. The lettuce was translucent and pale, the purple onions had no color to them it was a big disappointment.
Waiter acted as if he had other problems didn't seem that bothered by the slow kitchen with our order, nor did he even notice that the order was incorrect. We tipped him 20% but he honestly didn't deserve anymore than 10% at best.. It's his job to make sure our service is at its best!!! Didn't happen..
Will never be back to this location again!
