IT0IODInyhKbG4a_ka71MQ Visited this location twice, and had a very bad experience both times!  First I just went for dinner.  We ordered a deep dish pizza for 3 of us to share.  We were told it takes about 45 min to cook?  Whatever, ordered anyways.  About 45 min later, a manager comes over and tells us he gave our pizza to another table by mistake.  He says he already put another pizza in and it would be ready in a few min.   About 10 min later he comes back with a pizza, a thin pizza.  We thought he was joking at first.  However, we weren't about to wait for another pizza so we ate it and left hungry, luckily the bill was comped though.

The next time was with a group of 15 people.  They DON"T TAKE RESERVATIONS!!???  We were told to send someone from the party an hour ahead to hold a table, like saving seats at a movie theater? So me and another person arrive an hour before the time everyone else was coming.  3pm on a weekday.  The place was nearly empty however they still seemed uneasy about seating us, and tried to split our party into several tables.  We finally get things sorted out with the hostess and decide to hang at the bar.  Since we knew the pizzas take 45 min to an hour to cook, we decide to pre-order some for the table.  The bartender has to check with the manager, and we get a hard no, with no explanation.  I happen to see one of the managers hanging by the bar and ask him about it.  He tells me they have a catering thing and the kitchen is backed up (like I care).  We don't do preorders, it's our policy. We bring up the reservations. It's our policy.  So we've run into several of your policies that have inconvenienced your customer, just to make it easier for you!  A different manager comes over and asks us what is going on, we explain how we wanted to preorder.  He says that's fine. Guess the kitchen wasn't so backed up after all?  He then tells us that next time we have a big party we should cater.  I even had to clarify if 15 was that big of a party? Also, that he was encouraging us to cater, rather than visit the restaurant.  So we place our order and keep sitting at the bar until 4pm.  I then go to the hostess to get our table, just as the rest of our party starts to filter in. Surprise!  She gave our table away!  Luckily another hostess who seemed to be the only intelligent one in there made arrangements to push some tables together.  Even though we were just told that none of the tables moved.  We get seated and the rest of the evening goes smooth.  Me as well as everyone in our party will not be returning.  On both occasions the staff seemed to only care about themselves, and made little effort to accommodate us. Unfortunate because the food isn't bad.

And for anyone wondering, I have lived in Cave Creek my entire life.
