IvovJ3sfYrjHKH_hS5XrNA I'm saying this with laughter and humor... I truly believe Peter Piper is a gateway drug to the casino... haha... some of the games have us grown folks dropping major coin to win these prizes and it's comical!!! No but seriously, if you haven't been to a place like this and you have kids, bring them. They make it easy for party celebrations, and the location has plenty of space to accommodate just about any group size. 

Our experience was good as far as celebrating a friends daughters birthday (2 years old). They have plenty of TV's available with some kind of sporting event airing (football, soccer, golf, Hockey, etc...) and you can easily grab some beer (draft) or wine so you can "try to relax".  

Most of the games are 1 token while some can be 2 or 4 depending on what your playing which makes it different then Chuck E Cheese (all games are 1 token no matter what) but the quality of games and space make it more appealing.

Plenty of choices from the menu of food items but most party's stick to Pizza, wings, and the dessert pizza (my favorite). Salad are pretty simple but pre-bagged so if your looking for fresh alternative options (aka gluten free, etc...) ... keep looking :-) 

They were doing their best to keep it clean but with so many people at "prime time" it can be a bit challenging. Especially when you have some "trifling folks" who expect someone to clean up after them & their kids dropping cupcakes or spilling stuff... They are kids, what do you expect??  

Given that we had a party event you work with your party coordinator. It was crazy busy when we went and lots of the guest were arriving throughout the event time so ordering additional pizza's just through the event coordinator could be challenging as your wanting to get your orders in ASAP. Turn time wasn't long but you can't use the regular line. That way they can easily track just the 1 bill you have.

Gave it 4 stars because is organized chaos!! I'm a parent with 2 kids so I know what to expect. This place works and the staff is doing their best with the chaos better than many other places I've visited.
