1a9YViZDThy3VqBnGOatmQ I'm pretty angry... I was slightly ticked after our visit last night and fully intended to give Maggiano's a 2 star update. But within the last 5 minutes I went from annoyed to pissed.

Let me start from the beginning...

After a very rough Saturday with a beloved member of our family in the hospital, we were craving some comfort food, and we were in no mood to cook. We had a great experience at Maggiano's last time and we thought the extra meal they provide when you order a classic entree would be perfect the next day, since we knew we would be busy and emotionally drained.

We get there and hear there is an hour wait. Luckily we snagged a bar table and didn't have to wait. We order the overpriced drinks. They take 10 minutes to arrive. My cocktail is pretty watered down. Okay. We understand busy restaurants. Not mad... yet. We order our food. The complimentary bread still hasn't arrived. I thought my starving husband and kid were going to pass out. 

20 minutes pass. No server. 40 minutes pass. Our server approaches "Oh, would you like some bread while you wait?" Why, yes. Yes we would. 

Another 10 minutes pass. We get our bread. Our cold, stale tasting bread. Luckily olive oil can save even stale bread. My famished teenager ate most of it.

My husband and I both order another round.

Another 20 minutes pass. I got my wine but my husband never got his beer. 

A food runner brings out our food. No offered Parmesan or anything. My husband looks around longingly for his beer. We dig into the food. My normally not picky teenage boy said "There's something strange about this food. Can't put my finger on it". He still ate most of it of course. My husband's rigatoni was passable. My eggplant Parmesan on the other hand ... while I appreciate it being hand breaded and not like the formerly frozen discs that the Olive Garden serves, I was disappointed. There were three layers of eggplant. While the bottom 2 layers were warm, the top layer was room temperature. The breading itself was salty and very eggy. It tasted like the first time I attempted making eggplant Parmesan as a college student.  The one slice of mozzarella on top of this mess was not even melted. It had the texture of sliced processed cheese. The sauce was not good ... you know all that garlic that I loved in my previous review? Well, it was still there. But it tasted like stale garlic cloves that were barely cooked. It's like they threw in these awful garlic cloves 5 minutes before the sauce was done cooking. They were actually chewy. 

We finally saw our server when she rushed over and threw our to-go entrees at us. Still didn't bring the beer.

A few more minutes pass and she brings the beer and apologizes for her 20 minute delay. My husband said no thanks, that he doesn't want it. She says ok, walks away, then has the good sense to walk back and give it to him saying it's on her.

But don't feel too sorry for us ... the table next to us was seated before we were. They got their food a solid 15 minutes after we did.  

I wasn't ready to throw in the towel on Maggiano's. I just figured they had a bad night. After all, my previous visit was so awesome.

Well... after another grueling and emotional day I finally decide to put some food in my belly. Wow, that order of cheese raviolis from Maggiano's sounds pretty good right now. I reach into their fancy to-go paper bag and pull out the entrees. 2 meat lasagnas. One sausage rigatoni. Zero cheese raviolis. I really am ready to call them and scream at them... but it's after 10pm on a Sunday. If I weren't a life long vegetarian I would be tearing into those other entrees. But I'm not. Which is why I ordered cheese ravioli.

No worries. I scanned my near empty refrigerator and pantry. Found some ramen noodles and frozen costco raviolis. Score! I'm sure the Costco ravioli tastes better than their crappy ravioli any day. :(
