J5puhDnVL9WetWnWWDMhQw I WAS a regular customer at Grano's and am super disappointed that I will never return there again.  I am rating this review a 2/5 because the food is so delicious here and I could never say anything bad about how hot and fresh and tasty each dish I've tried is. And I have had most of the menu items, as well as many of the daily specials.  The prices I think are also reasonable.  Let me get on to why I will NEVER return.  
I was here for my sister's birthday dinner.  The service was adequate throughout the night which is as expected as I wouldn't say they are known for their service.  At the end of the night, we paid the bill and were ready to leave when the owner/manager called us over.  She claimed that we did not tip enough (note that there was no specified tip amount added to the bill, therefore tipping for service is at the customer's discretion).  She claimed we tipped only a nominal amount.  All the customers in the restaurant were staring at us.  We recounted the bill with her and she realized that she had COUNTED WRONG.  THEN, she had the nerve to say that usually the tip should be 20%.  Well excuse me, but when did a tip become a specified percentage.  Should a tip not be based on service received?  Is it not at the discretion of the customer?  We believed that a tip of 15% on the AFTER TAX amount was adequate for the adequate service we received.  
If it was expected of us, then perhaps they should have put it into their bill so there would be no argument. We were so horrified and disgusted that one of my party ended up throwing in an extra $20 to save argument and we left. Unfortunately, we won't be returning again. If I had not had so much wine at dinner, I probably would have lost it on her, and refused to tip extra since I don't think it is the law to leave 20% tip.  Grano's - you get tipped what you deserve. If you don't like that, then put it into the price to save yourself the trouble of telling customers that you DESERVE to get 20% tip.  After coming here regularly for 2 years, I will not be returning. I have referred MANY customers to this restaurant and now none of us will ever come back.
