1a9YViZDThy3VqBnGOatmQ My nephew the budding chef invited us for his birthday dinner. He had made reservations 3 days in advance. The party was a large party of about 20 people. I've been to enough restaurants to know that a party this size is usually tag teamed by 2 or more of the wait staff. And that appeared to be what was happening when we first sat down. Then there was some confusion, and they asked for our orders again. Then one of the waitresses never appeared again. 

My husband received his cola and some of the folks at the other end of the table received their drinks, but our drinks didn't come for quite some time. Our water was empty, still no drinks, and they hadn't taken our dinner order yet. Waiting, waiting, waiting. Finally our drinks come, and then she disappears and more waiting, and then she takes our orders. 

While we did have poor service, I don't believe it was solely the waitress' fault. There seemed to be kitchen issues as well. Our dishes came out one or two at a time. It was really odd.  Eventually, out came ONE (of 3) order of calamari. You would think everything else was on it's way, no, more waiting. Finally, another couple of plates came out, people were trying to figure out if they should be polite and wait, or eat because by then it was past 10pm. 

It went on like this for another 3 hours....yes 3...we were the only table left in the restaurant and we hadn't been served completely. Finally the poor waitress is trying to close people out on the tab, while still trying to serve people. I asked her if there wasn't anyone that could help her as she couldn't very well be expected to be in two places. She said there really wasn't and that was what happened. 

People were still trying to pay, one couple and ourselves still didn't have part of our meal or our dessert. There were two gentlemen that appeared to be waitstaff. I asked one of them if someone could possibly help our by now frazzled waitress. He said there wasn't. I gave him an incredulous look and said, "can't you see she can't possibly do this by herself and needs help". He begrudgingly agreed to help by getting the remaining portions of our meals, sat them down with a plunk and a look that said he was not happy about helping. 

The 1 star is for operational process and service. The food was really quite good, but I was in so much pain from sitting for so long that I couldn't enjoy it. I don't think I have ever seen a restaurant where one person was left on their own with a huge party, and other staff just walking around watching them.
