JBrBsKpw0bbXK5nlrXVOYQ Whenever I come back to the Phoenix area for a visit, Anzio's is always my first stop. Friends and family (shout out to Bryan B. !!!) know that if they want to see me within the first 6 hours of a visit, they should just head straight there and a order up a mess of pizza and wings.

The Pizza: I have never ever had a pizza like this. As mentioned before, they put something in the crust to give it a sweet sort of tang that is addictive. The pies are always cooked perfectly, never soggy and never overly greasy. (It's pizza, so there's gonna be *some *grease) And it's so good the next day straight out of the fridge.

The Wings: Again the keyword here is consistency. They are the same every time. Cooked up perfectly, just the right amount of sauce and some of the best ranch for dipping you can find. I wouldn't mind it if they offered something a little spicier than the "hot", but that's never kept me from erecting a massive bone sculpture in honor of my tiny vanquished foes. Also delicious the next day either straight from the fridge or reheated. (if you take some home, don't forget a side of ranch, the store bought stuff just doesn't do them justice!)

The Filler: I love the wings and pizza here so much that I've always looked at the rest of the menu as being just filler. But every once in a while I'll sample someone else's goods to see what I'm missing out on. The salads are always simple but tasty, especially with the ranch dressing. They also have a steak sammich called ' The Don' that has officially made it into my Anzio's rotation. It's a steak sammie with peppers and onions and cheese (provolone?). They serve it with your choice of a creamy or marinara sauce. Do yourself a favor and get it creamy and you'll never look back.

I've been coming here as long as I can remember and it's always been good. The service is always good, whether it's with a smile or a scowl.  

It's been 5 days since my last visit and I'm already starting to get the shakes and dreaming of my next visit...
