jcasci3gjbsSuTEVzvDQKg Recently moved down here from Long Island, New York.

I had a great local pizza place near my house that made some tasty dishes as well as pies.

Oh, boy do I miss that establishment... and New York Deli's, I wish they existed down here. Why can't I find a damn deli that puts bacon, egg, and cheese on a damn "kaiser like" roll? Is it the kaiser part? It's not a freaking nazi roll... Jiminy.

Anyway, I digress.

I was looking around on yelp to find a highly rated Italian place that also served family sized dishes so I could pick up takeout for me, the wife, and kids. 

My children are too young to trust that they will not bother other patrons with their "annoyingness"...


This place seemed great! We ordered the PENNE, BROCCOLI & CHICKEN and the GOAT CHEESE & MASCARPONE DIP.

Zero complaints about the dip other than most of the bread we were given was burnt. Gave those to the kids and dog... Doubt they'd notice.

The pasta dish was one of, if not, THE worst pasta entrees I have ever ordered.

I can not recall a single time that I have ordered pasta and it was a mushy over cooked travesty like this was...

Flavor was decent, lemon=yum, but the pasta tasted like it was cooking for the entire 35 minutes that we were told it would take to complete the order. I don't care about words like "Al Dente" as long as the pasta does not taste like it has been cooking for days!!

I literally had to "cook" and add salt, pepper, and melted mozzarella under my broiler so we could eat it and I still ended up throwing some out.

For over $45, I expected more. The kids ate some of it so I guess that is something...

If you don't care or have never had properly cooked pasta, then, it is edible.

If you wanted something awesome worth your repeated business then, for me at least, I'd need some proof they could cook pasta right.

I likely will not give them another chance cause the pasta was really that bad.

This is the first review I have ever done cause I have never ordered from an Italian place that couldn't cook pasta properly. I hope this was just a one off but for the cost of admission... I cannot really afford to find out.

So disappointing :(
