jcasci3gjbsSuTEVzvDQKg Here's what I sometimes don't like about visiting a restaurant I've been to before for Charlotte Restaurant Week: the food is okay, but I usually end up wishing I'd ordered off of the regular menu. Then my bill would have been about the same or less, I would have gotten what I wanted, and I wouldn't have had to fight for a reservation at the most popular spots. Had I done that at  Mama Ricotta's, I would have ordered the Warm Goat Cheese and Marscapone Dip and Butternut Squash Ravioli or the Cannolicchi Pesto Di Pomodoro Secco.  My taste buds would have been doing the happy dance, because those are my "go to" dishes at Mama's, and they never disappoint.

Instead, I had the Mozzarella and Tomatoes Salad, which was good and should have been, because that is a tough dish to turn into a hot mess. I also had Mama's Pesto Pasta, which was on the bland side at the restaurant, but the leftovers were much better the next day after overnight marination. My main course was Veal Milanese Primavera, which was just okay. Judge me if you want, but if veal is on a restaurant menu, I'll generally order it. Like lamb or venison, it is something I'm most likely not going to prepare at home, only because I wouldn't know what to do with it. However, I've sampled quite a bit of veal in restaurants, and this veal was nothing special.

One of my dinner companions actually did order off of the regular menu, and chose the Canneloni Al Forno. It pains me to say this, because I generally like Mama's, but it was not good. I didn't even know this was possible, but it was fairly flavorless except for the aftertaste, which to me was sour. My companion disagreed on the aftertaste, but felt that it was below average in general because it lacked flavor.

Other companions had the Penne Alla Vodka and the Pollo Carciofi, which they enjoyed.

The Nutella Pie, though, was more than large enough to share, and was creamy and full of hazelnut and chocolate delectableness, and frankly was what drew me to restaurant week at Mama Ricotta's. As always, the bread was warm, garlicky carbohydrate joy. Service was amiable, if a bit slow on entrée delivery and water refills. The half-price wine on Monday nights was also a plus. 

Four stars are being given to Mama Ricotta's for their usual fare. For Charlotte Restaurant Week's offerings, I wouldn't be that generous.
