1a9YViZDThy3VqBnGOatmQ I made a reservation to celebrate two birthdays.  The girl asked if there was anyone in our party that would find it difficult to climb a flight of stairs, if necessary.  I thought that was very considerate as there was someone in our party that had recently had knee surgery on both her knees.
I made the reservation for 6:30.  By the time we got there, our table was all ready for us.

After we sat down, we were served with a basket of bread with plates of olive oil and a dish of grated cheese.  Delicious bread, by the way.  So delicious, we asked for another basket of it, which they didn't charge us for, by the way.  Other restaurants do that, even for the first basket.  (Shame on them.)

Our food was great!  One of us had the $12.99 Classic Pasta dish, which he thoroughly enjoyed and devoured.  Growing boy of 21.  lol.
The good thing about that offer is that you can choose a different dish for taking home than what you ate dining in.  The bad thing is, you can't order it with substitutes as they're already made up.  

I had the Grilled Salmon Lemon and Herb.  I wasn't really looking for something that would be a lot and heavy in my stomach, so this was perfect.  Not a big serving, but perfect for what I was looking for and healthy, too.

The wine list left a bit to be desired.  I could only find one wine that I liked on it that wouldn't break the bank.

Since we were celebrating two bdays, we both got a plate of their homemade lemon cookies, which were delicious.  I'm not a big fan of lemon cookies because they're usually very tart in flavor.  These were not.  They were a little tart, but more sweet than anything.

The only parts of our visit that I didn't quite care for was that our server was a bit scarce.  We had to hunt her down to get more water or refresh our bread basket/drinks.  The other thing was that we felt rushed after we got done eating.  Some of us would've liked a cup of coffee or something, but as soon as the check came, we paid and left.  No "is there anything else I can get you?" or anything.
