jG1jcAeDw0pZTHCNC5kw_w First, I would like to say that my husband and I have been here numerous times for dates, group parties, etc. Usually, both the food and service are wonderful, so I am hoping last night was an anomaly. 

My husband and children took me to Grazie's last night for my birthday. When we first arrived, it was fairly empty, but it did seem understaffed. When our waitress came to take our drink order, she seemed a bit distracted. I overheard several tables next to us talking across to each other about how she had already messed up their drink orders or not brought them things they had ordered. 

It took the waitress quite awhile to get back to us, but when she did my husband and I ordered salads, a Toscana pizza to share and a cheese pizza for our children to share. By this time the clientele had picked up quite a bit, and the waitress seemed harried. It took a long time to get our salads. When they came, my lettuce was limp, as though it had been sitting in dressing for a while, and the tomatoes were mealy and unappetizing. Next, when the pizza came out, portions of our children's pizza was black and burnt. However, we had waited too long at this point I did not want to send it back and so cut around the burnt parts for our children to eat.

As this was a birthday dinner, I wanted dessert, so when the waitress came I ordered ice cream for the kids and and a desert for my husband and I to split. We waited 25 minutes. My children's ice cream came but My husband and I still had no dessert, so I went to find the waitress. I asked her if it was on the way and found out it hadn't even been cooked yet, so I asked her to cancel the order and bring us the check. When she came with the check, she was very rude, at which point I stated it would have been helpful to be advised how long we would be waiting so we could decide if we even wanted dessert in the first place, since we were on our way to the Botanical Garden light display. Then the waitress rudely asserted "you have obviously never worked in the food service industry" and began to lecture me. Then she said "You can just not tip me then!" And stomped off angrily. When she came back with the check, she proceeded to lecture condescendingly about empathy, at which point I was really angry and just wanted to leave and not spoil the plans my husband had made.

As I stated before, usually the food is very good here, and I can forgive a messed-up meal given that they seemed short-staffed. However, if this is the tenor of service we can expect from the wait staff, I am loathe to return.
