JH3zKlfslbSVeA_KsAaRRQ A few weeks ago my husband and I were looking for somewhere to eat near my office. When the first, more affordable, place we tried had no tables free (no reservation on a Friday night, what was I thinking?!), we decided to try our luck at Splendido. While there were no tables available in the main dining room, there was a table for two near the front window. The food would be the same and they would "try" to ensure the service was the same. In short, the service was impeccable all evening.
From the very beginning they got it right. I was asked if I had any food allergies as they were taking our coats (yes - gluten) and promptly brought our sparkling water. The waiter/sommelier was brilliant. He made recommendations throughout the night and was just a lot of fun to have around. There were a number of people serving us, but it was clear that he was the primary. Throughout the meal we let him offer suggestions on the wines and they were brilliant choices indeed. Not always on the menu, but always delicious.
We started with cocktails and then the Charcuterie Board. While the meats were amazing - perhaps not the wisest choice when one can't have the bread. The fois gras was absolutely to die for! We followed that up with the steak for two, and fries substituted for the gnocchi. The steak was cooked to absolute perfection  and the fries were delicious. It also came with beautifully sauteed mushrooms.
After the main we went for the cheese board. We selected three from the choice of 8 and were provided with the perfect wine to pair with it. Let me tell you - I STILL dream of the cheese I ate this night. It was pure, dairy heaven that tasted like caramel when paired with the fortified wine we were given. After this my husband had the chocolate tart and I had the sorbets. Which were also both brilliant.
Yes, this place is expensive, and as our night went on we realized that we didn't know the prices for half of what we were ordering. However, when the bill came it wasn't nearly as high as I thought it would be, considering that we had cocktails, appetizers, a main, cheese, dessert, drinks with each course and espressos afterward. I find it interesting that there is so much talk of portion size in these reviews. The portions here were completely reasonable given that they intend for you to have multiple courses. Besides, since when was the quality of GOOD food measured on portion size?! 
Anyway, I would give this place way more than 5 stars if I could.  It's the perfect night out when you're prepared to splurge.
