1a9YViZDThy3VqBnGOatmQ This is a beautiful restaurant with a nice quiet ambience that presents the image of fine dinging We dined with friends last evening.  The food was good not great but there were drawbacks that marred the dining experience. My wife's water glass was dirty and had to be replaced. My friend's martini glass had a crack in it and had to be replaced. Our server arrived promptly at our table and explained the wine of the evening. I preferred bourbon and requested a BasilHayden and he was not familiar with it. After sharing a few he knew (Makers Mark and Jack Daniel) he said, let me check. He came back to let me know that indeed they did have BH. A few moments later he came back to let me know it was not in stock. I ordered a different bourbon. When our orders were taken I asked him about a special, the filet with mushroom risotto specifically the size of the filet. He said it was about 6 to 8 ounces. I had ordered the salmon cake special appetizer which he said was large so I didn't need a huge steak. When the salmon cake arrived, the runner inquired who ordered it! When our orders arrived, my empty appetizer plate was still in front of me leaving the runner perplexed as to where she should place my dish. She put it on the edge of the table removed the appetizer plate and served. She had to inquire who ordered each dish. Servers and runners should correctly place dishes without asking who ordered what. My filet with risotto was anything but. Turned out to be a bowl of mushroom risotto, topped with 5 tiny pieces of filet perhaps no more than 2 ounces of protein. I called the server over and showed this to him, He lamely responded that he thought I had inquired about a different filet although there is no question that I had inquired about the special of the night. He did, however offer to correct this by bringing another dish or another piece of steak but I declined. Basically, my dish was a tasty risotto with a small dash of filet. It did not live up to the expectations of the description on the menu nor the server's explanation. Overall, all our dishes were good, but none were excellent or truly exceptional. The not above average food plus the deficiencies in service would make me want to rush back.
