JJ1Ruu37kn66YSWUmCKNCw We originally wanted to attend their brunch, but it was only available on Sundays at their Brossard location so we decided to go for late lunch on Saturday at one of their downtown locations (Crescent avenue) instead.

We had heard that the mussels and fries were recommended and worth trying, so we wanted to order those; however, I'm not sure why but the mussels & fries weren't available when we visited L'Academie. Perhaps they ran out of them after lunch hours? Were they saving it for dinner? We're not sure, but our waitress told us that everything with mussels in it weren't available to order.

 We ordered:
Hubby - Garlic Snails ($7), Linguini con Gamberi ($10.95 at lunch)
Me - Chef's Special: Curry Seafood Paella, small salad ($21)

Even before we finished our order, we were given complimentary bread and butter to munch on. The restaurant was greatly well lit, warm, and cozy. They had a mixture of comfy booths and tables; we were seated at a booth since there were no other customers. I loved the restaurant's ambiance and atmosphere which made my expectations increase.

Our appetizers arrived promptly, and as both of us were famished from all the walking we did that afternoon, we dove right in. The salad was fresh and I quite liked the dressing that they used; it tasted like French dressing, but I  wasn't 100% sure. As for the escargot, hubby loved how there was generous heaps of cheese and garlic sauce on each escargot, and at its price, it roughly estimated to $1/snail. However, the cheese wasn't superb quality and it was also overly cooked, so much that some of the cheese was hardening.

Our main dishes came out not too long after our appetizers, and I was surprised at how large the dish was. On another note, I was disappointed at how old my dish was (you can clearly see all the marks!) that held my paella. The marks were mostly scratches and dents that proved that the dish was used countless number of times. I wished that it had been cleaner, because it definitely affected the visual presentation of the dish. Aside from the presentation, the paella, to me, tasted just okay. Maybe I had too high of expectations? Hubby said my dish tasted better than his (I'll get to that soon), but still, mine wasn't anything extraordinary or special. There was no WOW factor, and all I could taste was the curry: no seafood taste (overcooked?). I'm not sure how often the paella is served as the Chef's special, but I wouldn't really recommend it too much. I'd definitely recommend it over their pastas, but I'd probably opt for the mussels and fries instead.

As for the pasta, in one sentence, this pasta is worth your $10.95, but not $18.00. Hubby and I are no professional cooks by any means, but we realized we could've cooked better, and more flavourful, pasta than the one we had at L'Academie. There wasn't a lot of flavour in the pasta at all and it was pretty overcooked (was not al dente)! Since we were the only customers at the restaurant, there was essentially no way they could've messed up our order. So, does this mean that this is how they usually cook pasta? The pasta and the noodles weren't really coming together which made the pasta lack flavour and taste, and the shrimp and vegetables (spinach and tomato) were cooked alright, but everything in general lacked a lot of flavour. This pasta isn't something we would recommend.

At L'Academie, I think it will be a better idea to try their popular mussels & fries, or one of their more expensive Land or Sea menus rather than pasta.
