JkQSLe_rBftbTJdZuQFlSw Came here around 5:30pm ish before heading to the Ed Sheeran concert. 

We were a party of 2 - my sister and I - and we were seated right away into the basement. 

Drink orders were taken right away but it took them forever to get bread for the table and then it took some more time- like a really long long long time to get our order in with our server and then even more time to get our food. 

We waited and waited while the bread server totally ignored us as he served the table next to us who were seated after us. While other tables didn't have to ask for bread, we had to ask for it. I am not sure why since it was clear that we didn't get any. Maybe the servers are blind? Maybe racist? Maybe sexist? Whatever the case was, we waited a very long time for everything. The restaurant wasn't crowded but they should've expected a Saturday night rush especially with an Indians game just ending and a concert taking place in the same day. 

We finally got our order of burrata, bucatini with rock shrimp in lobster broth, and braised pork cheek in with our server, Jimmy.  Again, the process of asking our order took forever. Maybe the servers are blind? Maybe racist? Maybe sexist? I don't know what the deal was but it took just as long to get our foods. The table next to us ordered after us and they got their food way before us. 

When we finally got our food, the biggest disappointment was the bucatini with rock shrimp in lobster broth. It was bland. The whole thing was blah. Which is odd since it is an Italian restaurant. How can you claim that you are an Italian restaurant when I'm pretty sure the water you cook the pasta in has more flavoring than the lobster broth? And I'm Korean- I'm pretty sure I can make better pasta than the atrocity that the "Italian" restaurant served us. 

Our braised pork cheek was salty but at this point- about waiting an hour for our food- we were starving and ate the entire dish out of hunger. 

The GM finally made way to our table to take the bucatini off our tab but tried to point out that the broth is watery and not a thick sauce. Umm we are aware of the difference between broth and sauce but thanks for that. 

Either way, it was bad food, horrendous service and I would never ever come back nor recommend coming to this "Italian" restaurant.
