JkQSLe_rBftbTJdZuQFlSw Cold entrees, moldy desserts, and terrible management.  Epic fail!

We went to Chinato to celebrate our 17th anniversary.  We had reservations and were seated in the bar.  Basically we had peoples' butts in our faces all night since they were standing right up against the table.  

First we ordered the Tuna Crudo and Fried Artichokes.  The Tuna was shaved so thin you could see through it - but you couldn't taste it.  You could only taste the crispy speck and the tomato coulis.  The artichokes were difficult to eat.  They were fibrous and spiny.  They did taste good though.

Next we shared a "Shaved" mushroom salad.  More like a chopped button mushroom salad.  There was nothing shaved about it.  It tasted good, but you would think they would use something other than button mushrooms.

I ordered the Tripe for my entree and my husband had the Duck Confit Ravioli.  My tripe was just OK.  It was cooked well, but had no tripe flavor whatsoever.  It was so watered down that you wouldn't even know you were eating tripe if you had your eyes closed.  Zach... if you would like to taste how tripe is supposed to be prepared, send me an email and I will have you over for a tasting.  You won't regret it. 

My husband's ravioli was served cold.  I mean cold.  Not slightly warm or room temperature.  Just cold.  It was terrible. So bad in fact that he sent it back and asked for something different.  On the advise of the waiter he had the braised beef. It was very tender and juicy.  It was served on a boatload of cheesy polenta - enough for a meal in and of itself.  It was good.  The assistant manager did come and apologize.  Our waiter said the chef was new.

Finally we ordered the Hazelnut Chocolate Mousse for dessert.  It came out with three red MOLDY raspberries.  MOLDY food served at a respected restaurant.  The same manager came and apologized and took it away.

Now for the kick in the face.  They bring out the check.  The MOLDY dessert was removed off our bill with a reason of "DISLIKE" printed on the bill.  I guess that's accurate enough since I dislike eating moldy food.  What's worse, they charged us for the braised beef.  My husband called over the general manager and had to ask to have it comped!  He had to ask to have the replacement food for his cold dinner comped!  And then you would think they would do something else after having to send TWO dishes back.  But they didn't.  I have been to much "lower class" restaurants that was run by much "higher class" of people.

Zach - you should be embarrassed.  To serve a cold plate and then expect it to be paid for is amateur at best.  To serve MOLDY food is disgusting and irresponsible.  To not even comp us a drink or a replacement dessert is just classless.  They should have comped our whole meal and maybe I wouldn't be writing this scathing review.  By the way... I was serious about showing you what tripe should taste like.
