Jpyh7MfaNysY3geXjhzqJQ My husband and I tried this for dinner tonight and it was just ok, there were good and bad things.  First off I know it is new, just opened Sunday, and it's Tuesday however, the staff did not seem to know what they were doing. There were so many employees on the line and only a few were actually doing things.  My husband ordered the bacon corn pizza.  As the employee was making it she was continuously looking at the menu behind her to see what was on the pizza and even still she for got the bacon, my husband reminded her kindly. As for me, I got a make it yourself, simple, marinara, shredded Mozzarella, mushroom, pep, and pineapple. I had to repeat myself 5 times, she was talking to her coworker.  Then we moved down the line to the salads. It was our first time so we wanted to split a salad, so we got their house salad, it's a spring mix with a Balsamic dressing, the employee began making it with hearts of Romain, so my husband again kindly said I think it's with a spring mix.  The employee said oh ok, and remade it. Then moved to the Bruchetta, I was very excited for this, until I realized that they were pre-made and sitting on the counter for who knows how long for us to choose, not made fresh:( finally we got to the cashier, he asked our name, and he had another name down but we reviewed the order and the original employee that started our ticket must have mixed up the names no big deal until the cashier began to argue with my husband that we did not get bruchetta, even though we had.  My husband explained the types of bruchetta we got and the cashier continued to argue with him.  Finally after paying for our full meal it was a bit pricey but we found a table and began with the salad, that was supposed to have a Balsamic dressing, well it didn't it was lemon, the kind they use in another salad, so that was disappointing. The the Bruchetta we got three different kinds and only liked one the apple, marscapone and fig spread... AMAZING!  The other two, a salami pesto and marscapone, fig was ok nothing special. Finally got to our pizzas and they were great cooked perfectly, fresh ingredients.  Overall experience wasn't awesome but we'll try it again in a few months, once they have it together more.
