js9rQZAlA5rr7oSBRRcCDw I was pretty pumped to go here as I was celebrating my birthday. The one thing that sticks out in my mind about this place is that the prices are relatively reasonable. A table of 10 and the bill was approx. $400...not too shabby.

Okay so walking in, I wasn't very impressed by the decor. The front tables are lined up on one side and the other is a 6-person bar and then there's a wall that separates the back of the restaurant from the front...is the back for the exclusive?! This was enhanced with my party was sat in the front! I guess I'm not part of that club. There's also a large plasma TV that sits on that dividing wall...why is there a TV in an Italian restaurant?

Okay so aside from the decor let's get down to what really matters, the food and the service. More importantly, the food. I had a pasta dish with a rose sauce, I do believe it was the orechietti pasta that I had. It was delicious! I tried some of the pizza that someone else had ordered and it wasn't bad, I guess the food really does live up to it's name. 

I didn't try any desserts, although I was eyeing the creme brulee when a large silver platter with a 2 tiered cake with candles came into view. My friend had snuck in a cake and was serving it. What the staff failed to mention is the little $20 fee that they charged for "cutting" the cake. Now I completely understand why they charge this as they are losing money by us not ordering dessert and have them serve this and cut it, but seriously...$20?! That's a lot. I could've bought a whole other cake with $20!

So the reason that there is only 4-stars instead of 5 (I originally put 3) is that the service was something left to be desired. I understand that it's the holidays and that it's busy but seriously, our server was not great. There wasn't anything specific that she did wrong per se but there was also nothing that she did that made me think she was an above par server. Got our drink orders, served drinks, got food orders, someone else served the food and then brought over the cake. Typical and standard but not service I expect, especially when there's a big party and you need to schmooze them.

All in all a great place and will definitely need to go back and try it with a smaller group and during non-holiday hours. Looking forward to trying some other pastas!
