JsUprRhyzQyukZmAhcOg0A My fiance and I have eaten here twice now. The first time was for our anniversary last year. The service was excellent and the food (lobster stuffed ravioli and 8oz center cut filet) was fantastic! This past Mother's Day (which also fell on the same day as my fiance's birthday) we had 7:00pm reservations. We arrived fifteen minutes early and were seated around 6:55pm. The service was friendly and fairly quick (for a busy Mother's Day). We ordered the shrimp and lobster fettuccine and the shrimp and lobster crusted salmon. We also shared a lobster bisque and small wedge style salad appetizer and a glass of wine each. While the salmon was quite tasty, the fettuccine was dry and bland. The noodles all stuck together as if they were either under or overcooked. As a result, my fiance simply ate the shrimp out of the dish. At this time my fiance and I agreed we would not be back again based on the fact that the prices were quite high for a bland dish. Prior to paying the bill we decided to inform the manager (Chad if I remember correct) about the poor food quality. The manager was very nice and apologized several times. After declining his offer to prepare us another dish to take to go, our bill came. The manager had removed the dish from the bill without telling us. My fiance and I were pleased to see this. At this time the waitress offered us a desert on the house in an effort to remedy the situation. We declined this as well as we already had plans to get Gelato next door (FYI, Frost serves some of the best Gelato I've ever had!). As we collected our things and headed for the exit, we were met again by the manager. He handed my fiance an enveloped gift card and apologized again. The gift card was substantial enough to pay for both of our meals if we return. 

Both my fiance and I left the establishment shocked that the manager went so far out of his way to ensure we left satisfied. Based on the customer service and our past experience I'd recommend this place to my friends and family and we will definitely be back!
