1FAvxOUOGGyZoYNlAXACag We love to try new restaurants when we "Vegas" because there are always plenty of new great dining options.  We also try to vary our options so for "italian" night, we decided to try this restaurant.  Glad we did.  Food was simply awesome.  We sat outside which is a must if you dine here.  Great views and great for people-watching.  I started with the caprese and it was really wonderful.  The tomatoes were fresh and the mozzarella tasted like they make it right there in the restaurant.  My only issue is that they serve the mozza in a huge ball (think grapefruit size) in lieu of the standard slices.  It was delicious but it would feed 4 or 5 people.  I would have been happier with about half of the serving because I ended up not eating all of it.  My husband and I even shared and it was more than enough.  For our meals, the hubby ordered the linguine allo scoglio and he was very happy.  I tried a bite too and it was extremely tasty.  I ordered branzino croccante and it was the best sea bass dish I have ever eaten and I order fish more often than not.  The dish had the perfect amount of breading and the sauce was light and tasty.  My only issue with this dish was that I did nearly ingest a couple of fish bones and they left the fish on the skin (yuck).  I also wish there had been a meatier portion of the fish (I saw a couple of other folks order this and they received nicer portions than I did).  After dinner, we shared the lemon torte and it was heaven.  OK...so the reason for only 3 stars.....SERVICE!!!   Never, not ever have I seen such slow service anywhere AND they were not busy.  I don't think it was the kitchen either.  The waiter could not multi-task at all.  He did not clear the table timely, he did manage to check on us (once) and instead of stopping by two or three tables to retrieve payment, he processed them one at a time.  There were numerous other issues with the service we received (or lack thereof).  When I made the reservation, I noted that it was our 25th wedding anniversary and we received no mention of it at all.  The waiter was also unfriendly.  We will be back because the food was that good but if the service is not up to par the next visit, we won't be returning.
