k1QpHAkzKTrFYfk6u--VgQ If Heaven exists, what do I want to hear God say as I arrive at the Pearly Gates?

"...and we're catered by The Parlor..."

Have been there only five times now (or is five a lot?).  It's literally a mile from home, which makes The Parlor really too accessible.  Friday and Saturday nights are a tad busy for us "regulars" (probably not a regular by any means, but most reviews seem to come after the initial visit, whereas we have returned again, and again, and again.  So there!  I'm calling us regulars.)

The true and final crescendo of all our Parlor experiences came last week when my mom, who was visiting from Michigan, mentioned she wanted to take us out for dinner. 

First, the back story:  Originally she was talking steak, but as our entourage included a 7-year-old, Durant's just didn't seem like the best idea.  I had seen children at The Parlor on every other visit and verified on the website that there was indeed a "Bambinos" menu.  PB & J at The Parlor?!?!  SOLD!  Why should parents be relegated and alienated to only the restaurants that have playgrounds, arcades, or where any and all food is given some sort of completely ill-fitting adjective (How "happy" is this meal, really?  What exactly makes a fry "zany"?)  With news of PB&J and Leapster in hand, the child was attended to and satisfied.

Back to that crescendo...my fiancee, who is Italian, ordered The Smokey, I the Puttanesca, and my mom the Pappardelle Bolognese.  Of course we all have to try eachother's, right?  Upon trying the Bolognese, my fiancee, the Italian, raised by an Italian mother in an Italian kitchen said, "This is the closest to my mom's that I've ever had in a restaurant."  Please queue the "Halleluia Chorus."  

So yes, this is as good as it gets.  Maybe only two other authentic pizza places in the greater Phoenicia even bear mentioning beyond The Parlor.  Trust me, People.  I'm dealing with the offspring of the 70 year old female equivalent of Mario Batali.  "Easy to cook for" is not a descriptor of this man I love.

My one, only, minor, teeny weensy complaint:  Bring back the original Zeppole!  Although our dear waiter assured us the addition of the orange inside each Zeppole and the change from chocolate to salted caramel dipping sauce was an improvement, I'd have to disagree.  Can we get them sans orange?
