k1QpHAkzKTrFYfk6u--VgQ IF heaven came on a pizza crust, The Funghi pizza would be IT!  This is only my first visit, but I anticipate many more visits in my future-there are just too many yummy things on the menu.  I'm guessing that this 4 star review will get upped to 5 in short order (pun intended there)

Anyway, we went on a Thursday night right around 6:45 and the restaurant was a beehive of activity-but in a good, happy vibe kind of way.  As usual within a 5 mile radius of my house, there was no parking and the valet was the only option.  I'm getting used to this, but it still bugs me a teeny bit.

As you walk in, you walk by a raised  herb and vegetable garden that looks AMAZING.  Then you get inside, and the ambiance is somehow perfect.  Relaxing, yet modern is how I would describe it..

The patio seating is lovely, but this is one of those restaurants where there really isn't a bad seat in the building-there is even counter space at the kitchen so you can watch them cook.  So far, without tasting anything or going to inspect the bathrooms, it's looking like a 5 star experience.  It's SO nice in fact, that I start seriously worrying about my wallet and whether or not I can afford to eat here.  I found myself trying desperately to remember what 2 dollar signs means in actual money....

So the water and the menus came, and I got a lovely surprise.  An 8 inch specialty pizza for $10?  Great!  A house infused lemoncello for $6?  Good!  

We ordered a margharita pizza, the funghi pizza, the bruschetta, some olives, and a couple of the lemoncellos (actually I had the grapefruit 'cello) for $44 plus tax and tip.  For the quality of the food, I actually think the prices are very reasonable.

The bruschetta tasted amazing.  It's embarrassing, but we were moaning and mumbling while eating it-luckily, the tables aren't crowded together and no one heard us.  The olives were local and rosemary infused, so no complaints there either.
Then the pizzas came.
OH.
WOW.

'nuff said.

if visit 2 is as good as visit 1, this place is 6 star pizza nirvana.  I'll keep ya posted!
