K7fip0nDFFdCC7OCnNOotQ As a 23 year old whom has experienced several other club outings this club was OK. My Fiancé and I came to Vegas on the week before 4th of July. It was a Tuesday(yes, we were going UP on a Tuesday lol) so we knew there would be no celebrity DJ. It was a last minute outing. And we decided to hit up a promoter for HYDE. He got me in for free and it was open bar for the ladies until12:30 that was nice. It was no surprise that my fiancé had to pay since it was just the two of us. When we come with a larger group (more girls than guys) we usually get in for free.the promoter got $10 discounted off my finances ticket ,as well as a free drink,cool.
That was just the entry.
As far as the actual club, let me first state that we had fun. We came in aware of the circumstances and so we were not expecting much. 
1. Entrance- free with a promoter. Although he promised he'd get us both in for free $20 just for him with 5 free drinks combined was not bad at all. The bouncers have priority to the ladies and it looked like they let ANYONE in and I mean anyone. Some girls weren't even wearing what I consider formal club attire but rather beach or some type of Cinderella dress as I recall a girl wearing! Mmk?
2.the drinks- (open bar) champagne or vodka w/ mixer. The vodka drinks were STRONG and I got pretty buzzed off my first drink. By the second I was good to show off my dance moves. So was my fiancé.
3. The music- it's all hip hop and top 40's. I would recommend a younger crowd who has never Been clubbing before to come here , it felt like prom . No mainstream celebrity, sad face. 
4. The view was phenomenal; we got front seats to the BELLAGIO water show. The club is literally located balcony style on the first floor of the hotel. GET THERE at 10:30 to get a good seat!!! 
5. DANCING- usually I could care less about getting a seat or lounge spot but this time it was crucial to get there early. The dance floor is tiny and PACKED. The hallways are the only places to dance other than the private lounges! If you get there early your experience is bound to be that much better!
Over all fun experience since it was just us two. Idk about a bigger group, not enough room unless you get the hookup with a promoter.
