k7WRPbDd7rztjHcGGkEjlw Until recently, Tillie's was one of those nagging loose ends for me on Yelp. I'd been there a number of years ago, long before I'd created an account and took Pittsburgh by storm (heh). Since that amicable visit, I'd been itching to return. 

A quaint canopy, a bird bath,and potted plants decorate the exterior. Upon pulling  into the gravel-coated parking lot with my mother, I felt as if we were visiting an older relative who still lived in a declining community, defiantly refusing to move, meticulously keeping up appearances. 

Upon entering, our attention was immediately trained on a portrait of the restaurant's matriarch, Matilda "Tillie" Smith, who founded the establishment in 1962, her spirit remaining very much intact, reassuringly watching over the place while her son and daughter-in-law continue to keep tradition alive and running. 

As my own mom and I lunched together on a Saturday afternoon spent dropping in on my sister who lives nearby, a child's birthday party, complete with an army of guests, happily went on. For an eatery in a neighborhood many people avoid, good cheer was abundant, few booths, tables, and chairs were unoccupied. Balloons floated clumsily to the ceiling like drunks wearing Legion Flight Rings, adolescent girls whispered and giggled, wrapping paper was torn, burly men carrying packages with bows on them entered and bear-hugged other burly men carrying toddlers, all while Frank Sinatra's vocals permeated the room. Tillie's was alive. She is alive. 

Hell, I feel her pinchin' my earlobe as I write this. Okay, Matilda, the food, the food, I'm gettin' to it...

Not being able to remember what I devoured here 7 years ago, my sister recommended the incredibly edible Prime Rib Pizza. A Boursin and Mascarpone spread coats the bottom of the pita-like crust, which is then liberally coated with chopped prime rib, caramelized onions, roasted red peppers, provolone, blue cheese, and fried arugula. 

I could have folded each cut of this shareable pie and convinced myself I was eating some sort of exotic sandwich. The clash between the smooth, sweet cream of the Mascarpone/Boursin blend, the sharpness of the Provolone, and the strength of the blue cheese was alone a gastronomic symphony. The prime rib provided savory heft and depth, while the red capsicum and onions amplified the sweetness, the arugula kicking the entire pizza further into the stratosphere with its peppery essence. Each bite was an amusement park ride, a funhouse jaunt, a carnival, a cavalcade of flavors and textures. 

Before hand, the Lobster and Crab Grilled Cheese served as an entertaining opening act. Within triangles of brunch-worthy toast, lump crab meat and chopped lobster claw crawled out of a magnificent Alouette/Gruyere mire, the former's brie-ish lard melding with the latter's nutty, earthy, somewhat briny profile, both serving the rendered seafood well like a congealed chowder or dip of sorts  Garnished with arugula (Mama Smith must have loved it), a serving of Tomato Basil Bisque was an expected and welcome companion to the sandwich, its inherent zest and cream compelling dunk after dunk after dunk until only the soup remained. This upscale, gourmet take on a lunchroom classic delivered comfort, bliss,and culinary smack with every bite and sip. 

Dessert was a pair of cannily crafted cannoli. Amply filled with a sugary, whipped Ricotta that was riddled with chocolate chips and pistachio shards, the twin cookie ducts were dressed with chocolate syrup and powdered sugar. Vaguely similar to ice cream waffle cones, careful chomps unveiled chilly, milky, saccharine lusciousness, contrasting textures playing a crucial part yet again. I kept fearing that a mess of confection would run down my fingers, the cannoli tricking me into thinking I was standing in front of Page's Dairy Mart on a 90 degree day. 

McKeesport may be a town that last saw its banner days 2 scores ago, but if you've ever dined at Tillie's, you'd never be aware of the local steel industry's departure and the dreams and quality of life that collapsed with it. Tillie's doesn't just hang on, she sits on her porch in a recliner, prospering like a daffodil sprouting from a crack in the pavement. 

So, let me pose some questions to the audience: Are you frustrated? Are you pining for an old-school, casual dining experience in which flash, pretentiousness, and trendiness are uninvited? 

Eat at Tillie's, silly.

P.S. The service was world-class.
