k8BqCejnaMlw7aoVthvqyw I love this place. Food as always was spectacular, but the service lacked just a little bit. Our server was very friendly and a good kid, but just didn't quite perform to my expectations.
We walked in and were seated in the dining area by the bar, which is just fine, but he took a good 4-5 minutes before stopping by with waters and to take our drink/appetizer orders. He was very apologetic which is nice, but the place wasn't horribly busy and I needed me some aqua. The food runner brought us the amazing garlic knots and yummy marinara dipping sauce, and our server took our order and we enjoyed some nice conversation. It was a great ending to a good weekend. 

Our food arrived and I was salivating by this time, even after we destroyed two plates of the garlic knots. I ordered Chicken Piccata, which was pretty solid, but not the best I've had. My lady had the baked penne and she said it was very delicious as always, and her dad had the chicken Marsala. He's an excellent chef/caterer having owned AND cooked in at least 3 different restaurants in his day and he could not stop talking about how impressed he was with the "high quality Marsala wine" they used in the preparation of his meal. He said it's one of the best he's ever had, and that's saying something. Something that was a little annoying, is the water glasses are very small, and I drink lots of water with my meals. It ran empty for at least a couple minutes 3 times during the meal. It would be nice to get some bigger glasses, or maybe he could keep just a little better eye on his tables. Not a huge deal, but when you're eating steaming hot Italian food, sometimes you just need some damn water a little quicker.

The reason my review isn't 5 stars is the slight lack of service, and my piccata just being pretty good and not "as good as it gets" like 5 stars says. I'm a big fan, and will definitely come back as it's always a solid place for some great Italian food, and I love the atmosphere, and it's close to home.
4 really solid stars, probably closer to 4.5.
Thanks bootlegger!
