k8BqCejnaMlw7aoVthvqyw Five stars for my entree! The first impression of the restaurant tells me we would be coming back each time we visit Vegas. I think the name did it too. Our friend's Uncle introduced this place. We came here for late lunch/early dinner, so the place was a bit quiet but it was great to have the restaurant all to ourselves and a few others. There's a Harp player entertained us on the stage, nice! It's a dim light place with cozy atmosphere, surrounded with maroon color. We were seated at the booth, very comfy! We ordered a seafood platter to start: calamari, shrimp, ravioli all together on a big plate. We also had a caesar salad to share. It seems like everywhere we go these days we can't help but ordering a caesar salad to start. Something we love to try in many places. So, for those restaurants that are out of caesar salad, you're out of luck! Anyway, after all that, hubby had his eggplant parmesan and I had my favorite spaghetti with clam sauce and I asked them to make me a spicy one with red sauce. My God! They listened! And they listened well! On top of their listening skills, they also made me the best mouthwatering red sauce that is out of this world. You gotta try this one if you love spaghetti red sauce with clam taste. Usually I would order seafood with red sauce but this one had major clam taste. They chopped those clams and also gave me enough clams on the shells, so my spaghetti was swimming with clam red sauce, killing the swimming team of the Olympic! OK, just order that. I'm a red sauce drinker! I mean eater! So, when a restaurant makes me red sauce for my spaghetti, I'm a bit picky because I taste many different red sauces all my life. This one was really good. The seafood platter was just OK but my entree was terrific! Cecilia was our waitress for that afternoon. Service was ok, no problem. One thing  to keep in mind, Uncle Bert ordered chicken parmesan but when it came out it was a sandwich parmesan which he didn't enjoy as much. I think would be best to inform the guest if there's 2 types of chicken parmesans, so that he knew which one to order. After our meals, we hit a jackpot with the plate of 3 desserts due to Uncle Bert's birthday. Cecilia did it good, she made Uncle Bert's happy. I tried it but didn't think I could handle more than my entree. It was the best experience plus great Harp musician. Definitely would come back. Five stars for my entree. The rest was OK but not bad. Make sure you put it on your next eating list! Btw, they open 24/7. You know where to go when you're hungry!
