k8BqCejnaMlw7aoVthvqyw I find this restaurant utterly intriguing in theory. It is a 24 hour establishment known for its "old-style Vegas" vibe. There's not much of that sort of thing going on out here, so I was game.

Booze and the promise of good "red sauce" Italian-American eats (plus a Groupon) brought me to the Bootlegger late the other night. Overall, I think this is a solid 3.5 star place.

The hot, fresh garlic bread was a hit. I thought the red sauce served along side was just a tad thin and missing an ingredient or two. Not a bad base sauce, but not bursting with flavor. The bread was a perfect accompaniment to the big ol' cocktails we started off with.

Our hot Antipasto appetizer came out very quickly, was nicely presented and of a good size for two. I truly enjoyed the toasted meat ravioli (but again with the lackluster side dish of red sauce) and wished there had been more of that and less of the other two selections. The calamari was just okay. The shrimp scampi was rubbery and really didn't have any taste at all despite the pool of buttery sauce. I don't quite understand how scampi sauce can not taste like anything- it's garlic and butter! Two of my favorite things, together in a bowl. I could not taste any garlic nor butter. I really wonder what's in that sauce; it could have been yellow water for all I know. I took a bite of one shrimp and let my less discriminating husband polish off the rest of it. 

For our entrees, we both had veal scalloppini with fettucini alfredo. The veal medallions were tender and tasty, with sauteed mushrooms mixed in. I got the impression that the sauce from the veal was a slightly modified version of the alfredo sauce on the (nicely al dente) pasta. There was very little distinction of the flavors, though both sauces were passably good (better than the red, for sure). Maybe a little bit of salt and definitely some fresh grated parmesan would have set the dish off. The portion size was just right and left us with just enough room to share an outstanding and large slice of tiramisu. 

The staff and service were fine, not over the top, but attentive/friendly enough for me. I did like the dark, fairly romantic atmosphere and oversized leather booths. The Bootlegger reminded me a lot of some of my old Italian spots in New York, which is nice. The meal felt expensive, even with the Groupon, so I don't know how often I'd make a special trip for these hit-or-miss eats, but it's always handy to know about an extra late night choice.
