k8BqCejnaMlw7aoVthvqyw Unfortunately, I too work in the service industry.  Granted there are days where I wish I could be more attentive and pro-active for my guest.  Even when i know I cannot give my best, I make the effort to make sure I own the guest and accomidate them as much as possible.  My performance directly effects my lively-hood!  I may not be a consistent guest of the Bootlegger Restaurant but I have been eating there and brought several guests with me since they were at their old location on Tropicana and Eastern Ave.  From now on . . . I will not refer anyone to the bar whether it is shift change or not.  I came in on a Sunday afternoon at 4pm.  I asked about happy hour and food service at the bar.  The host having no knowledge of the happy hour menu directed me to the bar (totally ok with because I too am a bartender).  I asked the lovely brunette bartender if I could sit at one of the hightop tables - yes was the answer.  I asked about happy hour and dinner food service at the bar - she specified nothing other than she would get me a food menu.  I asked for a wine menu which she got. I waited 10min. to order and I had to step to the bar to order.  I just went downhill from there.  Her replacement Diane came in who was very nice but neither of them were attentive either in taking my order, following up to see if I needed anything, which I had to approach the bar to do (the only thing I asked for was extra vinegar for my caprese salad) and the bar was empty aside for some return guest from the brunettes home town.  Did I mention that when I asked her if I could get another glass of wine for my dinner, her reply was that legally she couldn't serve me because of being off the clock.  This I understand but it didn't stop her when she sat with her friends from her hometown and served them after I had placed my order.  I still had to ask Diane for another glass of wine.  My entree was dropped not even halfway through my salad so by the time I finished my salad, my food was totally cold.  Did I fail to mention that neither the food runner, busser, bartender asked me if I needed anything or even if the food was ok?  I had to ask to have my plates cleared.  During the hour and a half I spent there . . . I have always boasted about the food, since I was a kid.  The service in the dining room has always been great.  I guess that is where I will make the effort to sit from now on.  Bummer!
