K99GG6-YZp5JbIe4oPbRsQ Disappointing.  =/  Both food and service were lacking. Went here the other night with a group of 6. It was a Tuesday, we arrived around 730pm and the place was pretty much empty. I think there were 2 people at the bar, but that's all i recall.... Found that strange based on the fact that I had heard the place was really good and I was looking forward to finally getting my mouth on some of their menu. 
Group ordered the meat plate and caprese salad, which I didn't try, but no one raved about them. I had been recommended to their pizza, so I ordered the Tuscan pie. Here's my issue with the food... the Tuscan pie is listed as having prosciutto, gorgonzola, amongst a couple other things. Prosciutto it was not. I'm 99% sure it was canadian bacon. Prosciutto is pretty discernible; in appearance, texture and taste. The meat was pink and thick-sliced like deli meat. Prosciutto came on the friggin meat plate, but they failed to put it on my pizza? Really? Then there's the gorgonzola, or should I say lack of?? I was 2 pieces into the pie before I had my first taste of it.  The pizza wasn't terrible; it just flat out did not arrive as it stated on the menu. Why did I not squabble with my server and demand a new pie?  Well, he would have had to come back to our table for that to happen.  He was possibly the worst server in the history of servers. After taking our appetizer order, he didn't come back until the apps arrived. It would've been nice to put our food order in prior to that, so that the food could come out when our apps were gone. Instead we sat waiting and hungry.  It would have been nice to have waters and sodas refilled, without having to ask a manager-type person who was passing by after our glasses went empty for 10 minutes... Or even if he could've stopped by to ask about the food, during either the apps or entree portion... Ugh. He was awful. If I had his name, I would tell you to stay away from him, but alas, I don't. 

The inside is nice and their patio looks like it would be good once the weather cools down. They have a good beer and wine selection as well, so it could be a good hh spot... I want to like this place, I really do.  We'll see. It won't be my first choice, but I will consider returning if prompted.
