kcF-en40P3J9L8nLy5lKqQ I must admit, I was sad when Zen 32 closed their doors and when driving by, baffled at why this new place chose to close in the awesome patio that Zen had.  I finally walked in to try the new place out that took over the old Zen spot this past Friday night.   Oh.My.Goodness.   What an amazing replacement.  The ambiance is wonderful and even though they closed the patio in, it still feels wide open with all of the large windows and patio space they did leave.  It flows superbly.  The decor is comforting and well done.  I really liked that they had an open kitchen concept except closed in with glass walls.  We met another couple for dinner and we all ordered something different.  I got the wild mushroom pasta, my husband got the "duck l'orange," one friend the sea bass, and the other steak.  We all tried every meal and I have to say that they all were cooked to perfection and soooo tasty.  I personally liked mine the best but I would have been happy if I had ordered any of the four dishes.  For duck, they really did it right.  Not greasy at all.  My husband did say he wished it came with less risotto and some grilled veggies in its place, but he still devoured it.  The bite of sea bass and steak I had melted in my mouth.  I don't know who our server was but he was awesome as well.  Very friendly, polite, and knowledgeable.  Once he realized we liked craft beer (especially local favorite Four Peaks) he asked if we were going to Oktoberfest hosted by Four Peaks next weekend and we had a brief convo about it.  Taller male, I think wore glasses?  Sorry I didn't catch his name because he was really good.  My only criticism would be that they didn't have enough Four Peaks beer on draft, but, in all fairness- that's me being a beer snob in a place that carries more wine than beer to begin with.  Luckily, I was with a wine expert and just let him order my wine so that was awesome as well.  :). Great new place.  I really keep thinking about the flavors in my mushroom pasta and can't wait to go back!
