kcF-en40P3J9L8nLy5lKqQ I swear that people are writing bad reviews on here so that you don't know how awesome Central Bistro is.  We went late on Saturday afternoon to a vibrant but not grossly crowded restaurant - and sat at the bar.  The dining rooms, patios and bar area are all decorated nicely and comfortably.  Even the floors are cool.  You can just tell that the neighborhood crowd has been dying for this place to open.

The bartender waitstaff: A-girl and M-guy, are totally friendly and awesome.  They have a nice selection of beers on tap and wines by the glass and bottle, and just bust their humps to serve everyone perfectly.  

Here's a review on the food we tried:

APPETIZERS:
Escargot - amazing and unique.  Totally delicious (I'm a regular snail eater).
Blue Cheese Tart - delicious, but not huge.  That's alright.  I'm just letting you know in case you decide to only order that.
Frites (fries) - fantastic, seasoned, and they come with shaved meat on them.  Holy Braseola! :)

FOOD:
Duck three ways - the shaved duck looks weird, but is delightfully tender and tasty.  This is not a filling dish, so know that going into it.  It's not tiny, but don't expect a warm "meal".  The other two ways are a "duck sausage", if you will, and a beautifully rich pate.  Yummers.
Seafood Risotto - I will be back for this asap.  Very saffrony, not too wet and not too dry, and the seafood was all cooked perfectly (I am picky about that).  Comes with 2 shrimp, 2 scallops, oysters, clams (but not too many, which I appreciate), etc.   Wonderful!

DESSERTS:
A show-off guy next to us decided to buy four desserts for all of us to share.  Well, alright.  
S'MORES:  Very rich looking; served like a sundae.  I didn't have any, but each person who tried it was a mess.  They had marshmallow and stickiness everywhere.
(RASPBERRY) SORBET: Hands down everyone's favorite.  A generous serving, and every bite was not-too-sweet flavorful.  
FLOATING ISLAND: I do not recommend the floating island.  It's just not something that you would expect from a restaurant.  It's very "pretend food" ish.  Yuck.  Sorry, but all four of us thought that.  I'm still not sure what it is.
BEIGNETS: Plain on their own, but cooked well.  Served with three "sauces" (chocolate, caramel, and something white).  I'm more of a "honey" girl, but that's just me.  If you're a beignet fan, I don't think these will disappoint.

We will back soon.  The staff was amazing.  The place is going to be popular.  I love the vibe and the food.  Again, it's very neighborhood comfortable.  I love!
