kcF-en40P3J9L8nLy5lKqQ The only thing worth while about this restaurant is the location. But that's not really what it should be about, especially with the kind of competition in the Biltmore/Arcadia area! I'd like to see what this place can do in 6 months to turn it around into a decent restaurant instead of a blighted eyesore. 

In summary, if you want a cocktail at a place to "be seen" and not heard, this is literally the spot. The overall layout/design of the restaurant is not conducive to an intimate meal, it's more like a sports hall with decor from restoration hardware. I certainly would never bring clients here to dine or celebrate a special occasion because you have to shout all the time. We were seated at the worst location in the entire restaurant. Right next to the waiters computer stand where confused waiters repeatedly consulted the menu (which was stashed behind the computer) and shouted at each other about food orders. There was no privacy at all and it was really distracting. 

The menu concept is actually pretty clever and if they improve the quality of their food and seriously rethink the pricing, I believe they will have long-term success in this location. First, I appreciated the fact that the menu included not only steaks and seafood but pasta, pizza and burgers as well. A great variety for a diner that may be interested in having a go-to restaurant with that much to offer. I know I was excited at the prospect! I thought that the appetizer menu could be a little more geared toward the happy hour or after-work crowd because the bar area and outdoor seating is very inviting. After seeing that menu I don't think CB would be at the top of my list for HH. And based on the food that we ordered the only item I'd consider eating again is the Cesear salad. Whoo. Way to impress me CB. Unfortunately that was the only highlight of the entire experience. 

After the salad I tried the steak frites entree hoping that it would be an interesting dish for the staggering price of $24. I was greatly disappointed with the simple presentation of a grilled skirt steak and fries with (gasp) another salad? First, I was insulted by the presence of the salad after paying $9 for a salad as my first course. Really? You couldn't throw on a few veggies to make that meal a little more substantial and less like a Sizzler experience? Personally I was expecting a culinary delight since it was priced so high for a cheap cut of meat. Did you know there's a couple of steakhouses down the street where I could have thrown down an extra 10 bucks for a filet instead? It was beyond insulting but the flavor was good probably because they splurged on the butter it was topped with (let's hope it was imported or hand churned). My date ordered the special, shrimp and lobster ravioli in a cream sauce. Ew, it came out looking so unappealing I almost lost my appetite just looking at it. When he tried it he said it tasted like freezer burn, as if the ravioli came out of a package instead of homemade. We suspect it was a pre-prepared item or they have some really bad frozen seafood they are using in their "specials". He returned the dish for something a little more tame, the bolognese and it was ok but nothing memorable. 

And the final straw was the service. Our food was rushed and our courses came out before we were finished or ready to move on. They even rushed us at the end of the meal, putting down the dessert menu as we were still eating our entree. Despite our issues with the quality of the food, our server didn't have the decency to tell the manager and have him come over to the table to discuss it. We literally walked out the door telling them we'd never come back because of the way we were treated. Oh THEN that manager hastened his step and offered to listen to us. Too little too late. Good luck and I hope nobody else has to go through that experience.
