Kdt5XrqARBMIH694fgnyuA Cute place sure.. but DO NOT DO NOT DO NOT come here on WEDNESDAYS,  it may be half price for they pizzas but their service freaking sucked. I arrived here with 4 other people about 6pm on Wednesday, the place was so packed that a server offered us to go upstairs - to which we went and had the whole top bar to ourself.... interesting. Anyhow - we decided to go back downstairs when my mom noticed a free table which the server had not told us about. So we took the chance to grab it and proceeded to tell our waitress that we had moved. Mind you this was about 10 minutes after already waiting. Upon telling our waitress that we moved tables, she looked at my mom and said "OH... YEA, what did you order again?" as if she forgot all about us.. and she DID by the confused look on her face.

With the place as crowded as it was, we were understanding and then ordered our 2 medium pizzas and only chose from the regular topping menu. Not that complicated, right?
p.s we ordered 1 round of drinks while we waited.

Half an hour passed and my mom decided ask our server how long it would take. It seemed like our waitress was taking more phone calls and take out orders than worrying about the actual inside of the restaurant.  She said she would check the back, but she never got back to us. Another half an hour later passed... we all went out for a smoke. We all got more drinks - because of this long wait, there really wasn't anything else to do.

An hour an a half later (LITERALLY), my mom once again politely explains that we've been waiting for too long for such a small order. The people sitting behind us who clearly came after us had already gotten their pizza way before us. The server then explains that there was a mixup in the order and we would have to wait 20 more minutes...
This wasn't even her coming up to let us know. This was my mom having to ask her what the fuck was taking so long. 

Suchhh bad service and way too polite of a family - this place has no consideration.
We told them to forget it, and that we were leaving. We only paid for our 1 round of drinks, because frankly, they owed us for our time wasted. We then left -  STILL STARVING, PIZZALESS, AND SUPER ANGRY.

Very disappointing... I must say.
Ordering from Dominos would have been quicker, sadly.
