KGOFtZFxAZB15mUlXm39cA I really don't like giving lower star ratings, but wow...sometimes it just can't be helped.  Pasta Cucina here at the Texas Station was in a word, underwhelming.  After being seated I just wasn't even close to impressed.  I should have known something was up because on a Friday night the place was near empty, with maybe only 4-5 tables being occupied at the time.  Spider-Sense failed me!

The place was set nicely with great ambience and warmth.  But none of this was used to the restaurant's advantage.  After being seated by the friendly manager we proceeded to wait...and wait.  My lady and I did hear some light arguing in the back of the house involving why the couple that just came in (us) was seated at our particular table.  Seems our waiter was hoping it would stay empty until closing so he could promptly leave right when the restaurant closed.  I being a good sport disregarded hearing this to try and give him a chance.  I know the feeling of wanting to go home after a long day at work.  We waited for nearly 20 minutes before our waiter came out to greet us, with me pretending we didn't hear him talking about us prior.  He gave us a wine list (which was average at best) but we passed on it and asked for an ice water and iced tea.  Again, we waited.  About 15 minutes later we received our drinks and the menus.  Strike one!

The real reason we decided to try here was because Station Casinos was touting Pasta Cucina's 2 for $20 menu, with 11 entrees to choose from.  I would have never gone to this place otherwise to give it a shot.  So call me surprised when we receive our menus there is no 2 for $20 option to be found.   I inquire about this and I get a look from the waiter as if I'm a cheapskate.  I am, but there's no need to be rude to me!  Our waiter takes the regular menus from us and replaces them with a smaller one that has the 2 for $20 entree specials on it.  Funny thing is that because the entrees were on the cheaper side we wanted to order something from the appetizer section of the regular menu to treat ourselves.  Our waiter didn't even bother asking if we still wanted to see the regular menu.  The smart thing to do would have been to bring out BOTH the regular and 2 for $20 menu and let us choose.  This guy thought we were foolish and wouldn't even know they were running specials.  Hello!  There is a big billboard plastered right outside the casino's property!  Strike two!

The last straw for me was the food itself...so bland and boring!  No inspiration with the cooking.  I could have cooked this same exact food myself at home!  No joke!  Our 2 for $20 menu entrees came with soup or salad and breadsticks as a starter.  The breadsticks were a bit of a joke, warm but very reminiscent of those from that 'Olive' place.  Same shape too!  Forgettable for sure.  Pasta Cucina's house salad though was horrendous.  The other unnamed 'Italian' place had a much better salad!  Veggies were on the limp side and the dressing was watered down with not much pop.  Sad.

Our entrees didn't fare much better.  I had the porcetta pizza with mushrooms and artichoke hearts.  The crust was cracker thin which was nice and crispy, but the toppings were scarce and overdone from sitting under the oven or the heat lamp too long.  Seriously, the small sprinking of toppings didn't give me much to go on, and the sauce and cheese were lacking in flavor and quantity.  A real let down.  My lady's chicken parmesan fared a little better but barely.  The portion of food was much more acceptable, with two large chicken breasts, and a good serving of spaghetti and marinara.  The spaghetti was okay but could have used more sauce and some salt and fresh herbs.  The chicken parmesan itself was unimpressive since it really tasted like it came frozen instead of made fresh.  The breading was soggy in some parts and actually nearly blackened in a couple spots along the edges from overcooking.  I couldn't get past this because really, who likes burnt breading?  Covering it with sauce and some cheese doesn't make the burnt taste go away.  I flipped the chicken over to check and sure enough, over dark edges.  This was strike three for me!  We were out of there ASAP.

Our waiter didn't bother keeping our drinks refilled, I had to ask him after they were sitting empty to fill them back up.  We had quite a bit of leftovers from both entrees and asked for some to go boxes.  Our waiter proceeded to take our food to the back and pack them up.  At this point I was totally turned off from Pasta Cucina and just wanted to get out of there.  I paid and even though I had some lackluster service from our waiter, I left him a 20% tip anyway.  I take our leftover box and drive home.  An hour later I'm hungry again.  I open up the box and guess what?!  Our lovely waiter only packed up my leftover bland A$$ pizza!  No leftover chicken parmesan!  Pasta Cucina is a B-U-M-M-E-R.  Avoid!
