KkmPDIWzvwbBpyqOHT6pcQ Do people even realize what Rao's is in New York?

I had to try Rao's in Las Vegas because the chances of me actually eating at the NY location is slim to none.  First of all, the Manhattan location doesn't accept reservations (calling their number is hilarious - basically a thank you for calling but go away message).  Secondly, I don't know any mobsters.  My chances of actually getting Regis Philbin to invite me is slim (though oddly enough, I think this is my only likely hope).  Lastly, I can't pony up enough $$ to actually buy myself a table there (one of 11 I think), that would be if one actually became free, which would never happen.  Then there are the logistics of eating at Rao's - since they are in the Hood, and you have to hire a car service to wait for you while you eat, or have someone drive your car and wait or something...   

In short, Las Vegas will have to be a flimsy, Disney-fied, substitute to experiencing the real thing.  The first question I had was, how could they open such a large restaurant, with so many tables and translate the experience from New York to Vegas?  The answer - Since no one has actually eaten at the original, it doesn't matter.

The decor is upscale pizza joint like, red and white checkered tableclothes and lots of photos of celebrities who apparently have made it in to Rao's.  I ordered the stuffed zucchini blossoms that were stuffed with cheese and anchovies and deep fried.  It was salty and gooey goodness.  At any Italian restaurant, I like to order either a bolognese or a red sauce type pasta, as I think it's a barometer to how good it is.  So, I had the rigatoni with red sauce and pancetta.  I have to say, it was very good, but not out of this world exceptional.  The meatballs didn't disappoint - moist and tasty.  

The service was very attentive - I think they imported some characters from New York to add charm.  It worked.  Overall, the atmosphere was an upscale but down home Italian American restaurant.  Here it seems like the recipes were handed down through generations, and there is lots of care taken to make solid dishes.  You won't find the food complicated by new fangled things like truffle oil and flavored foams.  I think it's exactly this which keeps Rao's in New York exclusive and packed every night with loyal diners, and they were successful in recreating (some of) the moment in Las Vegas.
