1muT5zEqoC4qp9ms08qJtQ One year ago, I was checking out a few local establishments (bars & breweries) with Windy City ties, while watching my beloved Cubs win a World Series title. Flash forward 364 days and I'm hanging out in another Chi-Town favorite, Gino's East, to celebrate the end of a great year. And the co-worker who celebrated the victory at The Duce with me last year, was along for this visit too.

Peter, in fact, is the one who recommended we visit Gino's East. I was excited for this opportunity because I've heard a lot of buzz about the authenticity of this and that. Plus there is the natural comparison with Lou Malnati's. And now I've tried both. And in my opinion, there was a clear winner.

In case you missed my review of the other deep dish experts, let's save that for the end. Call me weird, but I tried to order something very similar, in order to compare and contrast.

For starters, the Fried Calamari at Gino's is excellent! I love Calamari, but this was the best I've tried! It was lightly breaded, very tender and extremely generous! It was a great start to the meal! Sorry Lou!

The service was also impressive. Skylar greeted us in the bar area and was very kind, helpful and even asked if it was our first visit. She did an amazing job from beginning to end and happily boxed up the leftovers. This was a draw, because the service at Lou's was also impressive. Both Lou's and Gino's take pride in serving those first and second slices for their guests. No complaints from me!

Finally, the pizza itself. Gino's is an excellent deep dish. It's got lots of toppings and a deliciously sweet tomato sauce. And the crust is one of the best crusts you can find anywhere. I've tried deep dish at other competitors places and typically, I'm done after one slice. The pizza is made so well at Gino's that a second slice is an inevitability.

The bottom line is, I have to give the edge to Lou's. The pizza is less heavy on the sauce so it holds up well if you want to pick it up. And while I like Gino's crust, I prefer the buttery flavor of Lou's. Also, I love the chunky tomato sauce at Lou's. But this doesn't mean I won't be back to Gino's. They have a bigger variety of combinations on the menu and I'm dying to try them.

Gino's may be my second favorite place for deep dish, but it's a very close second. Holy Cow, it's so good!
