klddGAcNIpE_aB5sd1hNXw I'm absolutely adding this to my must-do list for subsequent visits.  

I did the prime rib dinner and added one pound of lobster (tail and claws) plus a couple cocktails and tip and it might have come to $125 and I probably should have requested somebody get a wheel barrow to roll myself out of there.

The meal starts with some tender warm soft.  The outside has that typical soft pretzel flavor that one would expect but the insides reminded me more of Hawaiian sweet rolls.  Unexpected but good.

Plates came out in quick succession, thanks in part to great staffing, an early meal time and it being a featured prix fixe option.  Next up was a Caesar salad. spicy, salty, garlicky crouton off set against a creamy dressing, crunchy romaine and parm.  I'm not typically a Caesar guy but it's very good.  I felt bad for the crunchy sweet romaine but once I had picked through all of the Parmesan I was done.  In all fairness I was pacing myself for - I knew - mashed potatoes, 14oz prime rib, a lb of lobster and some veg plus a desert were all coming.

The prime rib was delicious as one would expect but the sides held there own.  assertive horseradish mashed potatoes.  intense carrots - i suspect they actually cook fresh from the farm carrots in carrot stock.  robust deep au jus that got even more complex as it cooled off.  I had to ask for their recipe for it, as I've made some au jus.  While mine were simple, I couldn't put my finger on what was going on.  It was all in the herbs.  Beef drippings from the prime rib de-glazed and reduced with chicken stock with the help of some thyme and rosemary.  Gotta love how something so simple can develop into something so complex and wonderful given a little time.

It's cliche, i know, but the doughnuts were like butter.  (or M&M's) Melt in your mouth... 

They were a couple little doughnut wholes with two dipping sauces but the chocolate was my clear favorite.  I snacked on one trying both sauces and saved the other two in the little bag they present them.  Which is a good move because after all that food I was stuffed and took 2 to go.  dribbling a little of the dark slightly spicy chocolate sauce over the two in the bag.  Settling off and a way a I went.  

This whole thing has been about the food but as I alluded to earlier the waitstaff were on point - always ready for a refill on water, monitoring where i was in the meal for the next item to be delivered or grabbing a cocktail.  flawless service that almost goes unnoticed until you realize at the end of the meal you really never wanted anything else.  

I'd be remiss if I didn't mention the decor - it's set in the encore - and it's beautifully appointed.  Maybe the only negative is that it's adjacent to the pool party area - so towards the end of the day there is a sea of sloshed sailors stumbling their way back to their suites in their sandals.  I think it makes for good people watching so I didn't mind but some might in which case sit deeper into the restaurant.
