klddGAcNIpE_aB5sd1hNXw Your options are pretty limited on breakfast food if you're staying at Encore. You basically have this, and the lobby bar (grab and go breakfast sandwiches, pastries and coffee). After a night of drinking, my group wanted a little more substantial to eat - eggs, heartier dishes, and I was looking for something a little healthy since I had to be in a bathing suit for the rest of the afternoon and planned to drink my lunch in alcohol.

This place seemed a bit overpriced, but again - Vegas. If you're going to pay $18 for a drink, you're likely going to also pay $18 for a plate of eggs or a salad, especially if you're at the Encore.

In true Vegas fashion, we had to wait in line for about 10-15 min, and the place had plenty of empty tables and was only half full. If there's a line, it must be off-the-charts, right?

They have a brunch menu on the weekends but if you want salads, sandwiches and it's after 11:30 am, you can request a lunch menu (they will not automatically bring it to you)

The warm pretzel breadsticks with mustard butter were the highlight of the meal. I could have eaten 10 of them - they were so fresh, soft, fluffy and delicious and this alone would have me coming back here just to eat the pretzel bread. The server was nice enough to bring us an extra serving since the first one disappeared the minute it hit the table (comes with 6 pieces)

I ordered a Superfood Salad (kale and quinoa salad) for $17. It probably cost them $3 to make the salad. And by salad, it probably had enough kale leaves that I could count it on 2 hands. It was more like a pile of quinoa with sweet potatoes, cranberries, almonds and pomegranate seeds. It was healthy and relatively filling, but certainly not worth $17. But I wasn't expecting to be blown out of the water by a salad, but I've had far better salads (with way more greens) for cheaper -- even in Vegas. If you really want a salad and don't mind walking 5-10 min, head to Grand Lux in the Palazzo for something half the price and with more lettuce / greens.

My friend did get the steak & eggs sliders which definitely gave me food envy - the savory biscuit that it came on looked so delicious, and he did like the dish.

Expect to pay ~$18-20 for a brunch dish (pre-tax and tip) for not a ton of food. If you're looking for something slightly cheaper and more substantial, head to Grand Lux Cafe next door. But if you're okay spending a little more money for convenience, not-that-inventive food, and delicious, warm, just-out-of-the-oven pretzel breadsticks, this place will do.
