klddGAcNIpE_aB5sd1hNXw Oddly, as I was eating my croissant I received a text from my friend who I was to eat lunch with later that day - he had made it to town early and was going to be stuck at the Olympia all afternoon - he wanted to know if we could make it breakfast instead.  Certainly not full after two small pastries I agreed and he suggested we meet over at the Wynn - near the poker room.  As previously noted, I'm usually a man with a plan when it comes to eating on vacation so the walk over to the Wynn provided me ample time to think of a good spot - eventually deciding to get out of the Wynn, check out Encore, and grab breakfast at  Café Society Encore.

Arriving just after 9:00am I was surprised to find the large restaurant packed and my friend and I opted to sit at the bar rather than wait 20 minutes for a table.  Seated promptly and provided with menus our drink orders were taken - a coffee for myself and a $9 (ouch) vanilla protein shake for my friend.  While he noted the shake was tasty my friend was admittedly shocked when the bill arrived - even using the best whey on the market there is no way this shake was more than $1 worth of ingredients.  My coffee, also expensive at $4 for a relatively average brew, was refilled slowly at best - and only when I asked.  All this despite there being two bartenders and only one other person at the 10-seat bar.

Placing our orders next my buddy opted for the waffle with blueberries, a side of egg whites, and an English muffin - all of which he stated were good but "overpriced" while I myself chose the Frosted Flake French Toast with Caramelized Bananas and Chocolate Cream.  Arriving after a relatively short wait the dish contained two pieces of brioche dipped in frosted flakes and topped with perhaps one half of a caramelized banana plus a small dollop of creamy but decidedly unchocolately chocolate cream.  Taking an initial bite I have to admit the quality of the bread itself was marvelous and the bananas were wonderful while the chocolate lacked.  Adding a few tablespoons of pure Vermont maple syrup definitely helped the dish - mostly by adding a bit of sweetness but also by bringing forth some of the more subtle vanilla and cinnamon tones of the bread.  A good dish, but at $15 nearly twice the price of the vastly superior and larger French toast at m.henry in Chicago and more expensive than either Keller's or The Country Club's wonderful bread-pudding-style French Toasts in Vegas. 

Sitting for a while and chatting with my friend - later making plans for another brunch a couple days later I was glad that we were not rushed out but a little disappointed that I had to ask more than once for a coffee refill and that my water glass was taken away after a single glass and never returned.  In the end the total cost for the meal was nearly $50 for food that was good but not great and service that was present at best.  Paying our bill we walked away largely unimpressed - having had breakfasts at multiple places in Vegas now I'd steer clear and make my way to Bouchon, Mon Ami Gabi, The Country Club, or Tableau first - for the price you could even cab it to Hash-House-A-Go-Go and eat cheaper (and perhaps better) - but then if you did that you probably wouldn't have room for lunch and dinner.
