kR4NBNFf5SLpeAtZ-uPoPg OMG!  And 20 other explicatives!   Simple. If you're looking for a gelatoria and especially if you're a gelato lover look no further.   

This may be the best gelato I've EVER had!  No kidding and that's quite a statement considering I've had gelato from all over including Rome, Florence, and Venice Italy.  While there are a few other places out there that do contend, I've encountered none which I could say are better.  "But what about the extremely popular Arizona chain 'The Gelato Spot'?" you might ask; That's Amore blows it away - not even a contest.   The recent Mayweather Cotto fight was closer!

That's Amore is family owned and operated.  I chatted with one of the owners Paola who talked about her family's passion for gelato.  Growing up in Milan, Italy where they learned the trade they make no sacrifice on quality.   They make their own base locally from fresh natural ingredients and source the rest from only the best suppliers (mostly in Italy).  This may increase the price but the result is undeniable.  Every flavor I tried had perfect texture and a rich deep lasting flavor.  Simply phenomenal!!!

Flavors I tried (they have like 30-40 !!!! ):

Vanilla - bold creamy vanilla flavor; truly excellent
Black Cherry - one of my favorites; considering they ran out, must be others too!
Coconut - *very* solid but less exciting to me; Paola said this was her favorite
Spicy Chocolate - surprisingly spicy ...and surprisingly addictive!
Strawberry - full bodied flavor and a great complement to the spicy chocolate!
Pistachio - a test of any decent gelato place; passed with flying colors of green, white, and red!


So funny that I literally just stumbled across this place after finding out another favorite gelato place "Gelato Maker" had closed.  Little did I know or certainly expect that turn of events would lead me to finding perhaps the best gelato place I've ever been to!   Try That's Amore for yourself and I'm sure you'll at least agree this place is fantastic if not the best you've had as well.
