KY8J9dIOKD2vL0jdzUiuhg I decided to check this place out for lunch. As usual parking can be a problem but I was fortunate to grab a spot near the restaurant. I went over, found the door open, and walked inside. The place was empty inside except for one nice waitress seated there. She asked me whether I wanted to sit inside or outside. Since no one was inside I opted to go outside and sit under an umbrella.

The lunch menu consisted of a mixture of your typical appetizers, salads, soup, regular pasta dishes, entrees such as chicken Romano, and Venezuelan entrees. The waitress was kind enough to explain the menu to me. She recommended the chicken arepas with cheese. It is pulled chicken with cheese served on a gluten free flatbread made from cornbread. It also can be made with either pulled beef or pork.  I inquired about the plantains  and learned that it is a dinner item for $8.95 but can be ordered for lunch fried. She did advise me that these arepas are very filling so I opted to try those and see if I could eat the other later.

The arepas are $8.95 for two of them. Another interesting item on the menu was called empanadus which are gluten free fried turnovers with the same meat fillings. Again you would get two for roughly the same price. As I waited I listened to the sounds of Latin music coming out of the speakers behind me.

I got my meal and it came with a tomato wedge, a piece of lettuce and garlic dipping sauce. They were very hot but very good! As a matter of fact I wasn't even sure I could eat the second one, the first one was so filling! They are served with a knife and a fork because they can get very messy. The wind was also blowing  so it was a bit hard to secure everything but I managed.

I was able to finish both of them and then she asked me about dessert. Tempting as it was I couldn't eat another bite. I asked about brunches and learned that they are only served on Sun. They don't have Wi Fi but being outside helped me with my mobile devices while I waited for my lunch.

Adolfo's sits right across the street from Starbuck's and is located near West Penn hospital. The Bloomfield bridge is currently closed for renovations and there is much construction in the area. The place is small, the courtyard is nice and although they take reservations, I didn't see the need for any during the lunch hour. Most people were sitting in the courtyard which is great on a sunny day as the day of my visit.

i would call it a nice hidden gem in the Bloomfield area.
