Kykw3ho8wHtLV6gr9qbWTg The Sprint store next door recommended we eat here as we were switching out our phones and Sprint needed us to kill about 1.5 hrs while they did their downloading/transferring process with the new iPhone 8's.

If you're wondering why there are no pictures it's because we were phone less during our meal.

We came to eat at about 4PM today and the place had only a handful of diners in the restaurant. We were seated right away in the main dining hall and was greeted by a very nice waitress. Not knowing what to order our waitress walked us through the entire menu from salads to pizza to dessert. I love dining in a place where the staff is actually very knowledgeable in what everything tastes like and knows what's good with what.

After 15 minutes we decided to start with the Crunchy Asian Salad and then split a small pizza.
What was really cool was that our waitress suggested we split the pizza in 2. So we did just that. One side was the California and one side was the Vortex.

Let's start with the Crunchy Asian Salad, the lettuce was nicely and evenly coated with the yummy sesame ginger dressing, the chicken a decent portion and nice and tender and the crunchy stuff just perfectly spread throughout the salad like the way it should be. Everything about this salad screamed delicious by just looking at it. The best part was that it was more then enough for two people to share one order.

Then the best part came, the pizza that we split into different types...All in all it was a total of 6 pieces and believe it or not, I was kinda worried that one type of pizza would overwhelm the other side but this was not the case. It actually complimented the two different flavors.

My husband LOVED the Vortex and I loved the California pizza. I have eaten all over the world and never ever had avocado, gorgonzola and spinach and bacon on a slice. There's something sacred about eating a thin crust pizza that has salad ingredients as toppings. I don't know what it is about this combination but it was just perfect in every single way. From the crust to the way the cheese was perfectly melted to the freshness of the avocado, this pizza was so perfect I wanted to order one to go.

As far as the Vortex, my husband said his pizza was so good he didn't have any left to take home. Rarely do we ever eat all the slices. Most of the time we take home up to 4-5 slices but with the pizza here we inhaled them.

To date in AZ, this was the best pizza we've ever had...

Now the journey of our meal was not over yet because when I checked in with Yelp, I found out that the restaurant was offering a free tiramisu or NY style cheesecake.

Was I excited or what?

At this point, the slow eaters we are, we were heading into the 1.5 hours territory and the General Manager then took over our table as our waitress had to start serving the diners starting to pour into the restaurant. 

Throwing caution to the wind and with the recommendation of the General Manager, we chose the...get this...the gluten free Tiramisu. One word = HEAVEN. What a way to end the meal. My hubby and I gobbled up this white luscious yummy dessert that literally was melting in our mouths. Afterwards we wished we had gotten two orders. Next time.

I am so happy we stumbled upon this place because coincidentally my two favorite pizza places in the United States are both called a version of Picasso (my favorite artist too). So now besides having to fly across the country to eat at Picasso's Jacksonville, I now have something closer to home.

From excellent service, to restaurant cleanliness to FABULOUS, TO DIE FOR food, this restaurant is 5 star all the way. Excited we know about this place now as we plan to be coming back here as there are so many other things we still need to try.
