kzbH1_l7VTSfFFcwTqY6vA This being my first review, and the fact that I am a "self-proclaimed" expert on the Pittsburgh dining scene, I find it ironic that Sarafino's will be the first restaurant that I write about. I say this because I have eaten at just about every high profile restaurant in and around the city and the last place I would have expected to find such a hidden gem would be in Crafton. No disrespect to all you Craftonites, or Craftoners, or whatever you call yourselves. The real irony of my writing this is that after haven eaten so many amazing meals at places like Eleven, Bona Terra, Davio, Alla Famiglia and Bistro 19, this little hole in the wall was so good that I only now decided to sign up on Yelp to tell all of Pittsburgh about Sarafino's.  GFOJC (girlfriend of JC, thanks Munch) had heard about this tiny BYOB through her colleagues and we finally decided to go last Friday night to check it out (they don't take reservations). One of the best signs of a good spot is seeing  customers waiting outside and sure enough there were plenty of hungry patrons standing out front on a rainy Friday evening. We enter tiny Sarafino's to find a casual, narrow space with a noisy open kitchen and white paper-covered tables??  I counted 44 seats with 2 or 3 tables able to accomodate parties of 6 or more.  There is no bar except a small little counter area where you can open your bottle of vino while you wait if you're lucky enough to snag one of the 3 or 4 bar stools. We decided to wait outside and chatted with a few of Sarafino's friendly regulars. We asked them what they recommended and of course their answer was "everything is good." They all seemed to talk about their famous Fried Ravioli app, the Greens & Beans and their pizzas. Consider me a skeptic. We were 1 or 2 parties away from being seated so we ventured inside to check on our table status. While we waited for them to clear our table, one of the waitstaff dropped a complimentary plate, no a mountain of the aforementioned Fried Raviolis for the group of salivating patrons seated at the counter. I quickly moved in to get my piece of this fried pie which was drizzled with their almost-famous tomato cream sauce. I put 2 ravioli on a plate and quickly took a bite, looked at my dining companion, and smiled. She took a bite and smiled back.  I know what you're thinking.  Fried Ravioli, come on, how good could they be?? They were amazing!  Gently fried to perfection, plump, tender and full of sweet cream ricotta and the sauce is sweet and tangy.  Wow, if this was a precursor of things to come we were in for a treat.   We were finally seated in the corner, handed our menus and had my bottle of 2005 Poggionotte Nero d' Avola (highly recommended under $20) opened. The menu is small but with plenty of options and 4 or 5 nightly specials.  My lady ordered a menu staple called the Rita , which was Penne in tomato cream sauce with pancetta and onions and a little red pepper heat. Having enjoyed the Fried Ravioli so much, I decided to order the Cheese Ravioli entree special but asked if I could have the delicious tomato cream sauce instead of their homemade marinara. Our waitress assured me the chef would be happy to oblige. We also decided on the Hot Polenta app instead of the good-looking Bruschetta that had goat cheese, pancetta and sun-dried tomatoes. The table next to us were devouring it but we didn't want bread overkill since already at our table was this fresh-out-of-the-oven Mancini-looking small loaf of bread. The accompanying garlicky olive oil is delicious and the bread was so soft and warm. So far so good at Sarafino's.  Next out came the simple mixed green salad (a la carte) with a very good Italian vinaigrette, onions, tomatoes and crumbled blue cheese. It may have looked simple but it was very good. While eating my salad our appetizer comes out (my biggest restaurant pet peeve) in this giant bowl of soft polenta with a pool of marinara and parm cheese on top. Earlier I mentioned the "mountain" of ravioli on the appetizer, well the giant appetizer portions is a recurring theme here. After having barely put a dent in our 1/2 gallon of delicious creamy Polenta, our entrees arrived. Both were outstanding and pastas were cooked perfectly al dente. I am a sucker for good ravioli, two of my favorites being at Gran Canal Cafe and Legume's butternut squash ravioli, but I would put Sarafino's right there with the best of them. The Rita was very good and lucky for me there were plenty of leftovers.  Again, the homemade ravioli were perfectly cooked, filled with sweet ricotta cheese in a pool of that delicious sauce. We can easily be talked into dessert and coffee and boy were we glad we didn't pass on the delicious toasted almond cake.   Pricing is very reasonable with our entire bill being about $50 for what was a wonderful meal at a wonderful restaurant. To make a long story short, I know it's probably too late, but have I mentioned that I really enjoyed Sarafino's?
