L0plLBAZV0CdVVg9ZM7UDg We decided to stop in for a late lunch. We were super excited because we love the competitor, Fired Pie a few miles away, also in Chandler. We were greeted right away which was nice. The space is very modern and cool looking. On the walls were TVs that showed Yelp, Facebook and Twitter feeds. Hint: Go right immediately in the door. It is open to guessing so if you go straight you are actually at the register, not the ordering area. It is tough to tell where to start when you walk in. We ordered a salad and pizza. We were asked if it was for here or to go. I said here. The salad then came from a cooler below the items you pick from -  in a to go container. If the salad is in a premade to go container, why does it matter where we ate it??  This should have been my first clue. We asked for regular sauce on our pizza and they kept insisting we put olive oil on it so it wouldn't burn. I said no to which the gal said, you can't taste the olive oil, it's just there. If you don't put it on it will burn. This should have been my second clue. I said no, I didn't want it.  I picked the toppings to my salad and we did the same for the pizza. The salad was ok but the chicken on the salad was extremely tough to chew. The pizza was ok but a little doughy in the middle. As we sat eating I watched a man clean the stainless steel with a chemical in a metal container and a rag. All above where the pizza gets cut . After another crowd of people came through I watched a second gentleman clean the stainless steel on the front of the oven doing the same. As we were leaving there was a man standing in the doorway to the back of the kitchen tucking his shirt into his pants. Food was meh at best. A couple employees were super nice and helpful while some appeared to be on their first day on the job, not so helpful and knew very little about anything. I asked what the Five85 stood for since the prices are $7.95 ( if I remember correctly). She said she didn't really know but it was probably just a name they made up. She didn't seem to know much about the company she worked for and had a very difficult time ringing us up. Can't say I would recommend this place or go back. Sadly, we were so excited too. Bummer.
