l0WauZ92kRg9bu2oxHj4TQ As good as it gets!  This place blew me away - right away!  As a former East Coast gal, I expected and received great service and friendly staff!  Our server, Brian, was amazing! He even speaks Italian, so if you are, you gotta go!  The owner and chef, Joe Aiello, stopped at every table and said a few words, so you get to know him quickly.

From the first moment I stepped in I was impressed that this little restaurant in a strip mall in North Phoenix was every bit as nicely decorated as many I have been in Scottsdale.  

I was there with my best friend and we both thought the food was outstanding!  The bread--OMG - the bread was unlike any I have had before in an Italian restaurant.  It was chewy and crunchy and flavorful and baked fresh with herbs on top.  Not an airy bread with crust but a dense, cakelike texture.  Delish!  Served with spicy hot peppers and olive oil it was the perfect little treat before the meal. 

The menu is extensive and it was difficult to choose but I went with the LinguineFradiavolo with seafood - mussels, shrimp, fresh clams, squid, etc., - so much food I had to take home some!  The pasta was fresh, and flavors were smooth and tomatoe based with herbs.  It was lovely.

My friend had the special - Sauteed Dover Sole served with potato croquette and fresh beans. It was flaky and perfectly cooked with just a hint of lemon.  

Dessert was a chocolate mousse cake with creamy mousse and moist, dense, chocolate cake, chocolate frosting.  It was to die for!  

Everything was perfectly spiced and freshly made!  I will be going back.  Luckily it is just across from Beautyworx where I get my nails done every other week...

If you live in Scottsdale and are used to good food, like at Trattoria Veneto, you gotta try this place.  Make sure you get reservations cause it fills up fast!  We went on a Thursday night and it was crowded.

And, oh, try the Sangiovese wine with the pasta.  It's dynamic!  Reminded me of my trip to Italy, so smooth and rich.  Brian will let you know which one.
