l0WauZ92kRg9bu2oxHj4TQ I come to this review having no bias, since I never heard of Aiello's until it came to my 'hood near Moon Valley. The wife suggested we try it, so we did. I've never been to the central location and had no idea what to expect here. 

People tend to think that "Italian deli" is an easy thing to pull off. I believe it is not, because I've eaten at far more Italian delis that I DIDN'T like than I have liked. Aiello's falls neatly between these two extremes, agreeably tasty but... not quite what you would call a great "deli" experience.

I had the antipasto salad, the thing by which I judge all Italian delis. What I got at Aiello's was not a salad. It was a meat and cheese plate. With a few paltry greens, artichoke hearts and giardiniera. Oh, and a delicious piece of a ciabatta bread. Everything on this plate was fabulous (especially the fresh mozzarella drizzled with balsamic vinegar). But it wasn't a salad. I took a picture of it - check it out. The thing is, all they had to do was put about fifty cents more worth of what I'll call "salad type material" (you know, romaine, onions, tomatoes, cucumbers) on the plate with a dash more of the oil and balsamic dressing and BAM - I would have had a HELL of a salad. As it was, I had a delicious meat and cheese plate. Seriously, my wife got a sandwich and her side salad had more salad than my salad salad.

Also the atmosphere seems... rushed. It's like they had a checklist of "things which one finds in an Italian deli," and they checked them off one by one but didn't put a lot of thought into it. Wire rack shelving with Italian imported dry goods? Check. Refrigerator case with meats and cheeses? Check. Refrigerator case with pre-made... stuff? Check. But the wire rack is sparsely populated, the meat and cheese fridge looks as if stuff was thrown in there randomly and never touched and the pre-made stuff had a tell-tale sag that made it seem that gravity had been doing its work for at least a few days now. Not really impressive.

Compare this with DeFalco's in Scottsdale or even Tony's right down the street at Dunlap. Real delis that have fairly complete selections of imported goods and freshly made stuff. Aiello's is more like a restaurant that has some deli-like window dressing.

Both of us enjoyed the flavors, however, so I'm willing to try it again sometime. Perhaps I'll ask for a side salad next time for my antipasto meat plate.
