l0WauZ92kRg9bu2oxHj4TQ Remember, Yelp says 3 stars means A-OK.

   Billed as "The New Little Sister" of Aiello's on Central and Colter, this casual, come-as-you-are, dining and deli operation occupies the space formerly home to Pick-Up Stix; what I had thought of as a not too terrible chain, sort-of- Chinese place.
   Arriving by chance at 5 minutes before their opening at 11 A.M., I was extremely happy to see a lucite box of menus affixed to the exterior wall, which gave me the chance to see if I'd be at all interested before making the, sometimes awkward, implied committment of entering. I noticed that the couple and the single (waiting for a friend)  who were to follow me in, all used the considerately placed menu box as well. Point for Aiello's.
   The menu was broad and appealing enough for me to make a choice, and I waited just a minute after the door opened to walk in. The staff was doing minor last minute setup, giving me the necessary moment to take in the new surroundings without feeling rushed, and also gave me the chance to take in the deli cases of meats and cheeses. Overhead, the basic menu is repeated on a huge menu board, a bit crudely installed, in comparison to it's former incarnation, ala Pick-Up Stix. To the left are two wire racks that comprise the "grocery" section of boxed pastas, marinated artichokes, etc., and to the left  of that is a narrow cooler containing delicious sounding varieties of prepared raviolis, boxed ready for your home kitchen. At  $12  for a 15 ounce tray, I'd like to sample some of yours, please, before I'd cave to that pricepoint. Don't know if they're sauced, or if that's an add-on. I guess the price isn't too horrible if they're as good as they sound, and especially if you're going to order anything in-house, with those items at $8-15.
   I had the roast pork, rapini, & provolone hero for $9 w/ salad. The sandwich comes on a good, rather broad and tall, 6 inch Italian roll. (semolina) A half-dozen relatively thin sliced tenderloin medallions are arrayed along the length.That's topped with sauteed rapini, on top of which, is the melted provolone. If you're unfamiliar with rapini, it's a bright when sauteed, dark green veg I can only explain as a cross between broccoli and spinach, with the flavor of the preceeding, plus maybe, seaweed. Oh yeah, it has a pleasantly bitter finish as well. While I like the stuff, there was way too  much of it. A third of the way through, I deconstructed the sandwich by removing two-thirds of the  greens, and that suited me. At one point, I thought the meat could have been sliced a tad thicker and would have benefitted with just a kiss from the grill, and a sprinkle of good quality black pepper (plenty of red flake shakers around ) but overall, very satisfying.
   Ditto the salad. I was surprised that there was only one option  on dressing, (balsamic vinagrette) which would wear thin after repeat visits, but this time it worked beautifully with the wonderfully fresh, ripe, balanced, and proportioned ingredients. I initially thought the shaved parm was stingy, but I later realized that it was perfect, and came to appreciate the restraint. I don't remember when a simple salad last caused me to comment on it.
   Ambience-Neutral   Service-OK   Used tables/chairs looked imported all the way from the other restaurant, the seriously glum dude slicing meat wasn't into eye contact at all; at least not this Monday morning. That's ok, it was too early for a rousing rendition of "O Solo Mio" anyway. My counter girl had to refer back to the menu to find the corresponding register key for my sandwich after an incorrect entry. No biggie at all. When I asked how long they've been open she wasn't sure if it was two, or three weeks. No complaint; just observing the hired help doing their jobs.
   Here's a weird note on the dessert case near the side door. Most are $5, but there's a tiny, two-bite cannoli for $2. I'd planned on Isabelle's Rum Baba, but when I saw the Tiramisu on the top shelf, my appetite for their sweets took a sharp detour to the left. (like hearing a former lovers name at the critical moment) I could only hope that it was a display-only item, as the coffee powder on top was striated from the cake beneath, (like an Arizona riverbed in summer) the plate was messy (as though the cake had skidded to a stop) and an entire edge  appeared to be chewed away. (no kidding) This thing looked as though it was born on that first day and looked dry enough for me to postpone a purchase at least  temporarily.  Everything in the case was now, for me, suddenly suspect . FYI.
  All in all a welcome addition to the neighborhood. Stars may be added, as earned. Hope they stick around for awhile.
   Finally, if you don't know what "Salumeria" means, here's the def: "pizzecheria negozio di salumi. " Got that?
   Not speaking the language, my imaginary translation is " the place you negotiate the salami." Makes sense in the deli context. Choose your own.
