L23qeWacyCZFjF9DL6o04w Born And raised In New York , it is hard to find Pizza that comes close to New york Pizza. We found venezia  pizza about 2 years ago and for the first year they were the Number 1 spot for us. Unfortunately lately say the last 6 to 8 months this place has become nothing but 1 disappointment after another. Their pizza has lost it"s  flavor and consistency, one day we get our pizza burnt and the next time it is undercooked. just about every single order we have put in for delivery has been wrong. 1 thing i hate is when they tell me it is a fresh pie and they give you old pizza that has been sitting on the shelf for hours. I went to the store one day and asked if that had any fresh pizza coming out soon ( all they had was a few slices on the shelf that looked like they were sitting since early in the morning)  Girl at the counter said sure don't worry we have a fresh pie coming out in a few minutes , then went over to the old slices and took 2 slices and threw them in the oven, and try to sell them to me as fresh.I see that as deceiving a customer and offensive. this action happened at least 2 other times.   Being a cook for years in N.Y , I understand the health risk's involved in serving bad food or food that has been sitting out in the open for long periods of time. and for that reason I do not appreciate when i ask for a fresh slice or pie  and they say yeah sure and then try to give you an old slice that has been sitting on the shelf for hours. it's deceitful and insulting that they do it right in front of your face like you're stupid and did not see them do it ....we have not ordered from venezias in a while today we decided to try them out again hoping for change , and again we asked if they had fresh slices coming out or a fresh pie ..and again the counter girl said sure absolutely and then went to the shelf and again grabbed a slice that was sitting there for god knows how long and threw it in  the oven. I don't know what happened to this place it "WAS" definitely our number one spot for a while. I guess all good things do come to an end. : (
