l2Gfm3CA20iCBCBt_GNdDA Yelp Eats Week 2011 (50% off!), Take 2:

07/13/11

Was "in the neighborhood" (Tempe) and thought today would be the perfect day to try an east valley participating restaurant I probably would never even contemplate driving to from all the way in north Scottsdale.  Looking over my list of possibles (whose menus intrigued me online... OK, let's face it-- whose menus offered me a few items I could ACTUALLY eat, due to my food allergies), and I chose Jimmy's of Chicago.  I was sure I'd come face-to-face w/ a dive-y sports bar, but the food photos I'd seen on their Yelp profile begged to differ, so I decided to surprise myself.

And what a pleasant surprise it was!  (To those using Navigation app to locate this place, ignore directions saying to turn right on Pecos traveling on Gilbert Rd. off of the 202E and just continue on, making the first right into the complex past Pecos.)  I arrived just in the nick of time, as a couple was just walking out and the elderly man held the door open for me.  Please note that this is one heavy door!  Upon entry, I indeed was met w/ a noisy and dive-y sports bar, but I'd asked to be seated somewhere less noisy and was directed to a room that was reminiscent of a living room filled w/ dark furnishings-- I think there may even be a fireplace in there, but I could be wrong.  This room won't disappoint those who arrive w/ their families, who don't want to, or can't sit by the bar, and yet want to catch some sports action, as I counted 5 (that's FIVE) mounted flat-screens!  

On to the food!  I arrived just before 6p, so I was able to take advantage of their happy hour special of $5 a glass of house wine- my choice was the chardonnay.  I decided to go w/ the Frazalle-cheta to start, the homemade ricotta cavatelli w/ vodka sauce for my main course, and the (only homemade dessert choice on the menu) tiramisu to finish.  A serving of warmed bread and butter arrived even before the wine appeared- nice!  It wasn't long before the app arrived, and was it a pretty sight to behold!  A ring of toasted old-style bread, brushed w/ butter and garlic, surrounding a nice presentation of pepperoni, fontinella, artichoke hearts, kalamata olives, and halved grape tomatoes w/ homemade vinaigrette.  The bread felt a bit stale to me, so I mentioned it to the server, who said that the dish is made from an old peasant recipe that calls for day-old bread that is softened and is something they tried to recreate here.  So, I tried to ignore the staleness.  Otherwise, the rest of the dish was very good!  (I was only able to get a photo of the app, as my battery was too low to take pics of the entree and dessert, which actually turned out for the best, as the entree wasn't much to look at...)  A few pieces of bread and bruschetta toppings, and I was ready for the pasta.

The entree included my choice of soup (minestrone, escarole and beans, fagioli) or salad, and I went w/ the salad, choosing the homemade strawberry vinaigrette.  If you like strawberries, then you will love this vinaigrette-- it tasted as if I was eating sweet pureed strawberries!  The veggies were fresh and crisp.  It's a good thing I wasn't planning on eating much of it, bec. the bowl wasn't even on the table for two minutes, when my cavatelli appeared- no exaggeration!  As I've mentioned before, the cavatelli wasn't much to look at.  The pasta looked very white and pasty, while the vodka sauce was thick and had a terra cotta matte-d hue going on.  I like ricotta, so I found it palatable, but very bland, so I quickly put the table-side parmesan and red pepper flakes to good use.  A few forkfuls of this and I was ready for something sweet!

The portion of four-layered homemade tiramisu offered here originally for $5.99 is very small (around 3.5" x 2.5" x 2.5"), so it's a good thing I paid only $3 for it.  It's very good, even w/o the Hershey's chocolate sauce drizzled on top (I had it on the side).  Loved the strength of the liquors used, as well as the textures of the sweetened ricotta and espresso-drenched chocolate lady-fingers.  Mmm...  I'd like to have another, please!  

I may be talked into visiting Jimmy's again before Yelp Eats week is over...  Another table's braciole w/ mostaccioli (flank steak, tomato sauce, and penne) looked good, despite the dollop of tomato sauce.  (Again, what's w/ the sauces' presentation here?  This seriously has to be addressed!)  If nothing else, I'd like to try the stuffed artichoke app and have a go at the Coocizza (you guessed it- your choice of chocolate chip, Reese's peanut, or white chocolate chip macadamia nut cookie w/ ice cream on top).  I also spotted a breakfast menu!  Now, if only I'd get a chance to make it to this area early enough...
