L3R7y3_tUKQlM9kor4-Ccw I have been in Jamie Oliver's restaurant in London. That was one of the best food experiences I've ever had so I was excited to find out that he has a restaurant in Toronto.
My husband and I came here for Valentine's dinner. The restaurant is nicely decorated and really has an Italian vibe to it. So far so good. But let me tell you about the service. Our waitress immediately approached us and started pouring water in our glasses, which under normal circumstances would have been nice. However, every time she touched the water jug she spilled more than she actually poured into the glasses and she did not react at all. She did not even wipe off the table! This kept happening throughout the evening and at one point she even spilled on my husband, without noticing it at all! How is that even possible? 10-15 min after placing our order, the waitress came back and asked if I could repeat the it. Supposedly they had a new computer system, which happened to lose our order. The problems continued during our romantic evening as we kept getting food items that had been ordered by the tables around us and they were given our orders. The restaurant clearly has a major problem with this and should take care of it as soon as possible!
For Valentine's they had a prix fix dinner, but we decided to go for the á la carte menu. We started with the artisan bread which had four different types of bread, whereof one crispy. This was served with a little bowl of olive oil and balsamic. However, this bowl was too small to dip in so we poured it on our plates. Unfortunately the balsamic had sunken to the bottom of the bowl, consequently we only got oil on our plates. On top of that, oil was pouring down the sides of this bowl, making it very messy, leaving fat stains all over our table. I don't know how they thought this would be served? 
The main dishes we ordered were the classic pasta carbonara and porcini fettucine, a kind of mushroom pasta. I cannot describe enough how tasty both of these mains were. I've has pasta carbonara in different places and many times left disappointed. This was not one of those cases. It was delicious, but I would have liked to have a little more pancetta as there was very little of it. The mushroom pasta had a really nice flavour, you could tell the person who combined the ingredients knew what he was doing. Mains get 5 stars throughout! Finally we ended our romantic dinner with the cheesecake and warm brownie with vanilla ice cream. Although the dessert was good, it did not wow me. I was expecting a twist or surprise in the flavour but I got nothing. In fact, the cheesecake lacked flavour since both the cake itself and the sauce that it was drizzled with had the exact same flavour. It was supposed to be served with fruit compote but maybe they forgot about it? The flavour would have come out more if it was served with any type of acidic fruit. 
Based on this I would definitely recommend take out from Jamie's Italian for the main dish, but anything else and you'll be disappointed! You'd be better off eating the delicious mains at home than getting this confused "wet" service. Overall I give it 2.5 stars out of 5 since the service really brought the whole experience down.
