l4x5FFzfiCFrGN0S-uZbBQ We dined here for our 11th anniversary and were pleasantly surprised.  Our server suggested splitting dishes so we could sample a bit of everything -- appetizer, salad, pasta course and meat course.  It was a wise decision but by the end I thought I was going to explode -- I would've stopped at the pasta course.   The cheese platter we got was interesting, but the waiter didn't tell us what we were eating until we were 2/3rds of the way done.    The salad (a spring mix with red onions, tomoatoes, cucumbers and an oil dressing) was a little pre-mature -- the tomatoes were obviously not farm fresh (they had the store bought blandness that most tomoatoes have in the middle of March) and sort of ruined the dish.    The pasta course was my favorite -- we ordered the fettucine bolognese -- the pasta was al dente and was definitely freshly made.   The bolognese didn't overpower the taste of the pasta and it all worked well together.   The final course was the Berkshire pork -- it was ok -- the meat was thin and tender and delicious..... the mountain of melted cheese on top sort of killed it for me.... but perhaps if I wasn't so full, I would've enjoyed it more.

The food was definitely some of the better offerings that Champaign has to offer.  I didn't care for the seating arrangment.... it was as if you were in a busy NYC restaurant, dining elbow to elbow with other parties... and being able to hear their conversations perfectly.  The couple on our right was obviously on a first date, and that was just awkward.   The couple on our left was having a nice dinner too but I didn't need to hear about the flu that was going around their household.   Along the backwall is where they have the "table for twos" -- approximately 12 of them.... and they are super small.... with wine glasses, water glasses, a water caraffe, salt and pepper shakers and a tiny candle, it was crowded...we had to be careful not to knock things over.   It felt like being cramped in an airplane..... if they take away just two of those tables, you'd give people a lot more room.... it doesn't need to be elbow-to-elbow NYC dining.

Another negative was our server.   I was always finished my plate just ahead of my husband...maybe a bite or two ahead.... the server would come over and get my plate and then would wait beside my husband until he was finished his last two bites.   This happened with every dish.... it was a bit obnoxious.... he could've cleared my plate and come back two minutes later.... it wasn't a deal breaker.... but just annoying.

Anyway, the food is above average.... the layout needs to be a bit more spaced out.... and the servers need to give us a bit more room to enjoy.
