l3V86Z6oAzpnwe1VYM4VPg I was in town for business, and a friend and I decided to check this place out. It's very rustic looking, and that intrigued me. We went on a Wednesday night and the place is separated into the bar area and the lounge. We opted to sit in the lounge. One thing I really appreciated was that there's a wall and completely separate area for the two places. So while there was the odd rumbling of a cheer,it was quite quiet. Very quickly, we were brought fresh bread with butter. There is an extensive wine list, but keep in mind that wine by the glass is only the house wine. Anyway, the menu is extensive and the options are varied. Everything sounds so delicious that it's hard to decide. I picked the jambalaya parpadelle, and my friend got the pesto linguine from land and sea. The prices reasonable, and the food was definitely delicious. The from scratch pasta, the giant shrimps and chicken, and everything seasoned perfectly. The portion was huge and I couldn't finish it all. So the food gets a perfect score from it. It was absolutely scrumptious. 

The place that this review loses stars is the service. Our server seemed a little less than helpful. He was unable to answer questions about recommendations, unable to answer questions about if the wine my friend ordered would go well with her dish. After our food came, the server was nowhere to be found. I'd like to point out that there was no rush by the time we came (it was about 7 in the evening) and only three tables had customers. The server cleared up our table shortly after we were finished. There was no offer of tea, coffee, or dessert. We would have said no (we were so full), but it would have been nice to be offered. He brought the bill, and when we said that the one bill wasn't sufficient, and we needed separate bills. He seemed annoyed and told us he couldn't do that now. It's important to note that he never asked us if we wanted separate bills (it's the norm to ask these days I find). We asked to speak to the manager at which point he whisked the bill away and came back after about a minute with the separate bills. Can't do it anymore... What a joke. 

So, if you're in the mood for some delicious Italian food,  this is definitely the place to come, but don't expect decent service.
