L9qDnDHSnINNjePwrJz-uQ We chose Miele's Bistro because of what we read online. The website and reviewers both said the chef would cook to order. When we arrived, we immediately ordered the garlic knots, which are even better than all the descriptions of them in reviews. We couldn't wait to order a meal!

However, when I sent the waitress to the kitchen with my list of food restrictions, she came back and said none of the entrees would work for me. We came for "cooked to order." What a disappointment! Reluctantly, I ordered a plain salad and settled for their special white cheese gluten free pizza that listed ingredients that were all ok for me--and I emphasized that there must be no tomatoes (which were one of the seven NOs on my list.) Things went from bad to worse when the waitress delivered me a pizza slathered in tomato sauce. I told her this was not what I'd ordered, and she took it back to try again. 

Meanwhile the manger (Rich?) walked by and asked if everything was to our liking. I explained the situation to him, he apologized profusely and asked to see my list. Then he asked what I would really like. He thought about what he had in the kitchen, asked if I liked certain items, and came back with a DELICIOUS meal created just for me--veal sautéed in garlic and oil, with red peppers and exotic mushrooms on a bed of spaghetti. It was incredible--even better than I'd hoped for after reading the online info. 

If you go, definitely order the garlic knots! Also, be sure to ask for exactly what you want (you might want to ask the waitress to repeat it, just in case you get the waitress I had) and you will be truly delighted. The chef really does cook to order!

Just so you know, the waitress did come over to apologize and to be sure that we were happy, as did the manager, so the evening ended as nicely as it began. 

One interesting note: the prices are all unusual: $3.06, $14.14, $17.84, etc. A waiter told us that they try to keep their prices reasonable, so they use the exact cost of food, and don't round up as most restaurants do. This was a very nice touch.

Also, they are moving this summer, because they are so well-liked that the kitchen can't keep up with the demand, and needs to be expanded--a very good sign that this is the place to go!

(Note: if you read my ratings, I had to give the service a poor rating because f my experience with my waitress. However, I could see that other servers were doing an incredible job.)


http://www.tripadvisor.com/ShowUserReviews-g31377-d4477857-r275609639-Miele_s_Bistro-Tempe_Arizona.html#
