lAR6Lj6-zBxQNqflZt0zTQ Yes. 5 stars for making my lunch wedding reception so memorable and awesome! I had an early wedding ceremony in Treasure Island Hotel and my first choice of reception place is the Maggiano's. However, the booking rep there did not realized that the room I have been eyeing for a while now, signed a contract, has been booked months ahead and only advised me a month before my actual wedding day. I know, what a mess. So I contacted this branch and the sales coordinator, Ms. Shelby Hellweg immediately responded to my inquiry. On February, she sent me the banquet prices and it was really affordable. At first we are looking for less than 30 guests so she gave us the smallest room and provided some ideas. Signed the contract and she asked us if we have anymore questions. 

At the very last minute, we did not realize that we will be having more guests so we needed to amend the contract. She made it ALL STRESS FREE for me and my husband! =) She reserved us the EGGPLANT room w/c can accommodate up to 72 guests. In the end it all worked out. 

She was really easy to talk to and responded to our non stop emails in less than 24 hours. When we finally met her in person (the day before our wedding reception), she showed us the semi-private room, dropped of our table arrangements and she made sure that she will take care of everything. 

RECEPTION DAY:
-- Ample parking space!!!!
-- Guests came in really early but the manager and the servers accommodated them right away. Drinks and food came in just in time. Servings are huge (family style) and lots of leftovers and allowed us to bring everything home. They assisted us in neatly packing the leftovers and even gave us some containers for our wedding cake and cupcakes. 

We didn't feel rushed and everything went smoothly. The guests had so much fun and I was glad we were treated well here. I am recommending this place for wedding reception on a budget. The food is awesome for sure and the servers were awesome. Forgot their names.  

Days after my wedding, I left our wedding champagne glasses and Shelby was kind enough to call me and notify us that she's willing to ship it back to us for free. They are really great here!
