Lb0uZEH4nXcHCzu-7oVLLg They say lightening doesn't strike twice, but 'they" haven't been to this poorly managed wanna-be restaurant yet. I figured they could knock off the dust after a half-year since the last experience, but no such luck. We left the 3-year old in capable hands of others and set off for this 'establishment' for a nice, local dinner with the two older children - this is an experience that we are afforded maybe once a year. Our joy of being baby free for one night soon turned into...well, here we go. Went fairly early for dinner and there was about 3-4 tables. Got our waters (still no ice) and ordered. The place slowly got busier, but it was comfortable. The calamari appetizer came right out - pretty good. About ten minutes later the kids food came out. Kids ate the food in about 15 minutes and the plates were taken away - still nothing for the adults. Wife had a simple Caesar salad and I had a Stromboli - check that, we ordered a Caesar salad and Stromboli. After 40 minutes waiting, and asking for the owner to stop by, the owner came out five minutes later with the small Stromboli, but no salad. We kindly informed him that we were not going to accept the food (where was the salad?) and asked for the check for the child's meals and drinks. The owner stated that he was told to bring he kids meals out first (not at our request as we were trying to enjoy a FAMILY dinner - must have been the waitress watching the kids food sit on the warmer). Then he stated he had a 'packed house' (busy yes, packed no) and implied that a wait was expected. Come the crap on man - you own a restaurant and it's a Friday evening on a holiday weekend and the outside seating isn't available due to rain. As a restaurant owner, you should plan for the worst case scenario - and yes, I heard your bread served apologize to two other tables about the bread shortage. Besides, it was slow when we ordered and plenty of other tables were getting there food that sat down after us. So sorry - I wasn't buying the arrogant excuse. He did waive the meal and we walked out. The same restaurant ruined two family dinners in less than half a year - I will never step foot near this hole again. I should him the bill for that Harris Teeter rotisserie chicken we picked up on the way home. I hope the third iteration of this space is a quality restaurant that serves the Highland Creek Skybrook area. Thanks for ruining a family dinner.
