Lb0uZEH4nXcHCzu-7oVLLg I hate to have to leave a review this poorly, but the experience tonight that the Highland Creek Playgroup Mom's night out tonight was absolutely terrible. We were seated after a short wait around 7 o clock, there was six of us. For whatever reason, it took almost 75 minutes to receive dinner, while tables around us came and went. Our kind waiter kept telling us that it would be soon and then eventually that they had a large party in the side room and that the kitchen was backed up. We ordered appetizers and waited and watched the majority of the staff watch the NFL Draft on the Bar television. When asked if we would be allowed a discount for the wait time or the Alfredo that was literally thinner than milk, we were told by a very rude young lady who identified as a Manager that she wouldn't refund or discount anything because the Mom that ordered it ate it. (What was she supposed to do send it back and wait another hour for food?) The Manager than spent another twenty minutes splitting our check and was extremely frazzled. It was clear that she hadn't been in a leadership role where she had to deal with relationships with customers for very long or if ever. While all this is going down, the waiters are literally fist pumping to the draft on tv. Other than the Alfredo sauce, the rest of our dinner was great. However; the quality food will be ignored for the awful service. Our poor waiter just stood there and watched his manager almost ask a group of six Mom's to leave because she was angry. The kicker for us is that the manager said that it was a Family Run business and that the owner was present. When one of the Mom's asked to speak to him to make improvements or fill out a card was the manager's tipping point. The owner on site proved to be false as we asked again in front of other staff and the manager then admitted that he was not present but was at some point.
To the owner- I'm sorry your manager was having a bad night, but she needs training in customer relations, integrity (you clearly weren't there from 7-9:20 when we were) and how to diffuse stressful situations. Hopefully she can take this experience and grow or find herself into a different career field. Best of luck in your adventures!
