lgWB0yGXpZvupYREWxtV7g Yay dinner!!!

It's no big secret that I'm a huge fan of Chris Bianco. His simple honest to goodness approach to food is not only inspiring but down right delicious. If you're one of his fans who don't mind waiting 4 hours for one of his amazing pies at Pizzeria Bianco, then you're in for a real treat. While they don't serve pizza, one of my all time favorites, Pane Bianco is now serving dinner and no serious wait either! In addition to ordering one of their famous sandwiches, you can expect an ever changing menu of rustic Italian inspired plates.

If you've been to Pane you know the drill, go in, order at the counter then either decide to take your score home, or eat there on one of the communal outdoor tables. No wine or beer is served at this time but there is talk of Pane expanding into the Lux Coffee space next door which will eventually offer inside seating and hopefully wine by the glass. If all of this goes down, Lux will simply move to the adjacent building also getting a larger space. For me Bianco's food just screams for a glassed of red wine.

Ordering the Crespelle ($12) had me really excited due to the unique nature of the dish itself. Basically an Italian crepe made the garbanzo bean flour; it's filled with luscious ricotta cheese, hints of spinach then bathed in a slightly sweet tomato sauce. It was clear that after the first bite I was in love with this dish, I simply couldn't stop though glares from my dining companions made me to relinquish the plate. 

I can't sing enough praises for Biancos Housemade Mozzarella ($8), thick slabs of hand pulled cheese is paired with fresh tomatoes, a few leaves of basil, olive oil and a sprinkling of salt, that's it. The resulting texture and flavor is so toothsome and fresh that I've yet to have another as good. The salad comes with bread which I put to good use soaking up every drop of the salads milky elixir. 

Served on house made flat bread, the Soppressata with Aged Provolone ($8) which also comes topped with a healthy shave of Parmesan cheese and slices of roasted onion. The pungency from the provolone is a nice compliment to the pork-tastic slices of soppressata. 

Bianco is dedicated to local purveyors and for good reason, they make some of the best Phoenix has to offer. Take the Sausage with beluga lentils and polenta ($10) for instance. The sausage comes from our very own Schreiner's Fine Sausages over on 7th Street and let me just say, this plump link had just the right amount of meaty well seasoned punch to compliment the hearty lentils and super moist polenta cake.

If you're more of a lighter eater, I'd suggest the highly flavorful Roasted Seasonal Vegetables ($5). On my last visit the pan was filled with long thick spears of asparagus, sweet potato, cabbage, radishes, broccolini and cloves of garlic. Grab a loaf of their chewy bread ($3) and you have yourself a vegetarian option even a meat eater like me would love.

Now if they added pizza to the menu, my life would be complete.
