lI3kXSfqsoTeb3mfX6sa7A Good food is not enough to carry you, mediocre food and average service will kill you! We have tried Olivio Bistro more then several times, it keeps getting worse and we won't be back. A tell tale sign that things are not stable is the one only person that is always there is the bus girl. Tonight we the straw to break the camels back and perhaps they caught me on a bad night but as mentioned earlier not our first time here. They advertise both " Italian wedding and Pasta Fragioli soup" but only in a bowl not in a cup. When I asked why I was told " because it's made fresh and it would cost to much to make only for a cup" LMAO PLEASE show me a chef who can make a FRESH Soup in 3 minutes!!!  I ordered a $9.50 martini it came out warm and less then 3/4 of the way filled in the non chilled glass, I asked to speak to the manager and a waiter said that " it seemed about the right size and the manager actually made the drink" but he brought it back, a second later the manager came storming out and placed the same drink back on the table, classy. 2 minutes later our waitress brought out my salad and 5 seconds later brought out our entrees. The salad at best was wilted and warm. My entree was lasagna was perfectly microwaved with watered down marinara sauce, if it was any good it would've been been called gravy, I'm sure the bread was good however we never received any, the table next to us asked for some bread and were refused unless they paid for it because they didn't order an entree???? We ordered an entree. During our meal the joke of a manger made his rounds from table to table to ask how everything was, we heard several table complain and he have a cheesy smile and said "ok" and moved to the next table. Finally he came to our table and asked how everything was I said " at best it's ok" he tapped the table and said "well it's ok".... Our server was sweet but not well trained, but you can't have the blind leading the blind. We have tried to support local so many times but we  will now drive further for quality!!!
