LMdUoR00jPxQDWLYRq93FA Short Story Pros- Still among the finest restaurants that the metro Phoenix Area has to offer.
                             Romantic antique farm atmosphere.
                             High quality mostly interesting dishes.
                             Most of the food served is Astonishingly Amazing.
                             Personal service with well timed plates.

Short Story Cons- Air Conditioning doesn't function properly
                             Tasting menu is now only Chef's Choice
                              The Tasting size Halibut is served over cooked and over salted (see photo)
                             Corn was over used through the evening. The Chef picked it to be used 
                              CORN FOUR Times through out the dinner.
                             Full size desserts are served with the tasting menu that seems strange after           
                             the tiny tastings.
                              

Longer Story- Quiessence is a high end farm to table sort of restaurant. I've been here many times and in the past have enjoyed the tasting menu. Under the current Chef/Owner things are slightly different and the chef picks out your dishes. 

Our first course of five was Corn and Miso Soup. The miso was house made and they serve this dish table side with a squash blossom and caramelized eggplant. this dish is silky and amazing. Highly recommended

My second course was the Hamachi Crudo. It was three bites. They stacked up Kimchi, watermelon, cucumber, cilantro, garlic chips and cover it with tomato vinegarette and fingerlime. This for me was the most enjoyable dish of the evening with the most complexity and textures. It's so amazing you should drive across town just to try this dish. My husband had the Octopus and he said it was the best octopus he ever had and that dish was also his favorite dish.

Third course was Ricotta Caveltelli for both of us. This dish was more of a soup with sweet fresh corn, hatch chile, watercress, basil oil and topped with parmesan. This dish was among the amazing tasting dishes. The pasta was very delicate and micro sized. We both felt that this dish wasn't really a pasta dish because very little of it was pasta but who cares....it really was delicious.

My dinner was the Halibut. It was my THIRD dish of the evening that contained CORN and it also contained not one but two kinds of CORN....CORN relish and CORN puree.  I went to try the tiny piece of unforgiving halibut and needed a steak knife to cut a piece off. WOW it was dry and very over salted. I enjoy salty pretzels but this was much more salty than that and was like sucking on a spoonful of salt. See the photo you can actually see the salt. I did tell my server about the dryness of the fish and THE SALT and he did offer to get me another plate. But honestly I didn't want to spoil my husbands dinner to wait for another dinner to be prepared for me. Also after I tasted the fish it was so small I only had part of an ounce of fish left and it seemed ridiculous to send back such a tiny thing to the kitchen. 

Lastly they fill up the table with large full size desserts that seem out of place after all the tiny tasting plates.

My favorite of the three desserts was the complimentary non-traditional Apple Cannoli. It was thin and very light and delicate tinted with a crisp apple flavor. 

My least favorite was the Bread Pudding. It was very heavy and too rich for me to eat.

Liked the Sweet Potato Cake. Good flavor and it was smooth and well balanced. 

Next time I'll call to see if the air conditioning is working and I will avoid the tasting menu.

Disappointed with a few things-

Lack of air-conditioning in the front dining room.
Would prefer to pick my own dishes like I used too with the tasting menu
My dinner was the one botched dish
Chef did over use corn this evening by using it four times


On the other hand most of the of the food was astonishingly good.
