lvv9Vv_5i4IwvDdofO_rKg No reservation at 7pm on a saturday? unheard of, but we were seated as soon as we arrived. +1 

As a descendant of an Italian, I am all for Italiany-things, but we all need to be clear that this restaurant is translated to "Market Restaurant/Tavern". Kinda lame. 

As an example "Sedia di Legno" would sound like an Italian restaurant I would happily throw my money at. Also "sedia di legno" translates to 'wooden chair", further proving that it doesnt fucking matter what you call your Italian restaurant, as long as it sounds legit.

But sounding legit, and being legit are 2 vastly different things.

Unboxed breadsticks in a package that resemble chopsticks is hardly an inspired choice. I dont know what part of Italy they aspire to represent, but simply nowhere in Italy does a restaurant not serve bread.

I overheard a waiter, tell another waiter "never to put the ketchup bottle on the table, it must be poured into a small bowl". This kinda is the problem with this restaurant.

Food first should be the modus operandi

I ordered a Diavola pizza and a Buffalo, pomodoro and spaghetti pasta. 

Diavola is devil, so the pizza is supposed to be spicy because the devil would be a spicy fella, apparently.

The crust was good, chewy as hoped, a wee bit charred. The salami provided a mouses fart worth of heat, in fact generally I got more salt than heat. It was fine. 

The pasta. 

First of all, we think medium to obnoxious when we think of Italian food portions. 

As long as you operate as though the order is for Tony Soprano, then you should be fine.

I got a serving fit for an Olsen twin.

Food quality over presentation is key - not here. I get it, you have learned to turn your wrist when plating a long pasta. OK. But in the end I got a chickadee's sized nest of spaghetti. I ate it in 5 twirls of a fork.

The Pomodoro (red sauce) should be fresh and it was, should be simple, and it was. It was sweet and it shouldn't have been. It is confusing, unappealing and highlights that more basil, olive oil, pepper (or something else) should have been added. I commented to my friends that it was almost as if there was teaspoon of white sugar added.

Thank you for the 2 small pulls of Buffalo mozzarella. 

Our waitress played hard to get the entire time. We saw her at the beginning, and the end.

This was a mediocre restaurant experience.
