lwpQQflP1CGJPV7QLybzOg I would have loved to like Upper Crust, as I've heard good things about the food.  However, they don't seem to care about families or taking care of their customers so we never got to try.  I called a day ahead to make reservations for 12 people (2 kids included), and inquired about the happy hour options and seating.  I was told they didn't take reservations, but we could sit at tables near the bar and receive happy hour for our group.  I sent the email confirming this to our friends.  The day of, one of our friends called to ask about the specials and was told by another employee that we weren't allowed to come in for happy hour with kids.  Of course, I received the call from my friend while we were all en route to the restaurant.  I called and spoke with the bartender (no manager on staff) and asked if they could do something for us.  She said they don't allow kids in the bar area period.  I asked if they would allow us the happy hour pricing in the restaurant side and they said they would see what they could do.  We showed up, and received a big fat no- no apology- no offer to make anything right for our group.  Which by the way, all of us live in N. Phoenix and this would have been our first visit (that's 5 families).  I asked to speak to the owner and was told he was in a meeting.  I asked for a phone call back when he was out of his meeting, which I never received.  Not only were we misinformed, then inconvenienced, there was not a shred of concern, nor even an attempt by the staff to take care of the situation.  We were told the owner doesn't allow kids on the bar side.  It is not illegal for kids to be in a bar with their parents at a table having pizza and a glass of wine.  The owner clearly just doesn't care- which is completely disenchanting but in the end, his loss.  Instead of making an exception and allowing happy hour prices on the restaurant side, they lost the business of 5 local families forever.  We went to Kona, sat at a table for 12 and had a wonderful happy hour.  If you want good pizza- go to Cibo or Humble Pie.
