LWwAMZUiH6iBaL4a6jGRWw Strap in kids, it's going to be a bumpy ride.  We visit Sunset Station regularly and finally got around to visiting this restaurant.  We arrived on Saturday night about 7 pm and the hostess said it would be a 15 minute wait for a table (not bad) and she took our name and phone number. Then she offered to seat us immediately at a high top table near the bar right then (yay).  After we were seated, we got water served while we went over the menu but then it seemed to take forever for waitperson to take our drink and appetizer order. About 5 minutes later the "unlimited" breadsticks arrived (more on the later). A second waitperson showed up to take our order (WTH?), apparently the first waiter was helping the second waiter as she was chasing down someone who skipped out on their check (by the end of the meal, I could almost relate). There we sat with water and bread for another few minutes, watching the bartender running back and forth and kept coming out from behind the bar to expedite food to the patrons at the bar, but what he was not doing was making our drinks!  At 25 minutes in, we did receive our calamari which were nice and tender but the marinara is AWFUL!  It tasted of plain tomatoes and tin can.  Was kind of expecting fresh made marinara and not pre-prepared SYSCO food.  The same marinara came with the breadsticks as well as an alfredo sauce that was also lack luster.   But guess what we still don't have?  You guessed it! Our drinks!  Now we are literally 10 feet away from the bartender, he ran past us at least a dozen times.  We complained to our waitress, still no luck; it wasn't until my hubby stopped the floor manager did we finally get our drinks after we were finished with our appetizer.  The drinks were meh.  Then the salads came out, I had a caesar that was barely dressed, hubby had the  house salad that was swimming in dressing and half wilted.  We did not finish them.  So now, we are sitting there staring at one another, drinks finished, no breadsticks (what happened to the "unlimited"?), salad inedible only 1/2 glass of water left, when hubby's phone rings.  It is the hostess calling to tell us our table ready (if I'm lying, I'm dying), hubs informed her that she sat us a half hour ago.  At 42 minutes in to this nightmare the hubby summoned floor manager over to inform him that we were walking out.  Manager said he would get the food personally within 5 minutes, so we stayed and started a timer.  He did get the food to us within 5 minutes, managing to bus away the nasty salad plates to make room but no one bussed away all of the other empties.  BTW, no has asked if we needed another beverage or a glass of wine, including the floor manager.  The entrees were lackluster and could be considered consistent with a cheaper priced chain restaurant, we did not finish them. We were credited for our drinks and appetizer but that was 1 hour and 20 minutes of our life we can never get back.  The whole experience was so bad that if they said we'll have you back for free, we would not go.
