lwxYmWqjmEZ0ukCsXC9Pfg I had been waiting years for this pizza again! I was panicked that they would not be open and to my surprise they were open till 2am according to Yelp. Finally my boyfriend and I walk in at 11pm last night..we meet the hostess who was very sweet and had a great personality in regards to which pizza we should get.. because they offer 6 in pizzas you can pick up on the spot or wait for larger ones for 45 min! So we sit at the bar and start a convo with the bartender from Colorado?.. who was super nice. The manager comes out and strikes up a convo about their bruschetta over the cheese bread so we put in our order..(he's as gracious as can be) I mean I can't tell you enough how nice this guy is.. he was very informative about his menu and explained all about the process of making their dough similar to Chicago's because in Chicago they use Michigan water.. their dough making process alone shows how far they are willing to go to make sure you are getting the real Giordanos! He gave us both a very good vibe..the place was very clean, they played GREAT old school music..we didn't want to get up! So while we waited for our pizza we decided to eat our bruschetta there and then striked up a convo with another guy who wore his hair in a bun on top like me..super awesome personality! He was from Venice, CA. They all seemed to love their job and they did it well..so we finally get our pizza and we'll just look at the pics..the pizza was amazing! The one thing about Giordanos is their sauce for me and the sauce was the exact same as Chicago! The dough was close but I'm telling you, it's still the best pizza I've ever had and I'm so excited that they are only a few hours away which is doable for me because yes, I would drive here for their nice cheesy and rich, saucy, piping fresh hot deep dish pizza! The bruschetta was good but needed more basil and garlic in the tomatoes and not just on the crispy bread so I wouldn't order that again, the customer service knocks it out of the ballpark! We even got a couple of their cups for purchase to remember our night from.. will definitely be back and soooo worth the $25 bucks for a large!!! You won't regret it!
