lwxYmWqjmEZ0ukCsXC9Pfg Would you like a pizza with your cheese? That's pretty much what a chicago deep dish pizza is all about. If you don't like cheese, I do suggest you turn your little tush around and walk out before you do something you'll end up regretting. 

Came here to have an early dinner with my boyfriend, his cousin, and my brother. We've been hearing and seeing so much about Giordano's and it was a perfect opportunity to go. The cousin was visiting from overseas and he loves burgers and pizzas so what's better than showing him something he can't find outside of America? 

We were seated rather quickly after we got to the establishment. They actually have two locations -- sort of. One outdoor area and one that's indoors but on the upper floor. 

Beware, if you're ordering a pizza, be sure you know which one you want asap and order that first because their pizzas take a good amount of time to be cooked. 

We ended up ordering a house salad, cheesy garlic bread, and their small classic chicago deep dish pizza. The salad was a salad. Th cheesy garlic bread was pretty good -- although, I may prefer regular garlic bread. It had good flavor but I think the cheese interrupts a lot of the buttery garlic goodness. To me, anyways. 

The pizza, oh man, the pizza. Cheesy, gooey, warm, hearty, fulfilling goodness. There was pepperoni, bell peppers, mushrooms, and onions. But who cares what's in it! It's the CHEESE that matters! It was DELICIOUS GOODNESS. If you get a large size of their stuffed deep dish pizza, they put 1 kilo of cheese in it, which is roughly 2.2lbs!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! It is very filling though so be sure you come hungry, otherwise, you won't be eating much and you'll be facing a lot of left overs. I only managed to eat one slice of the pizza cause it was just too much for me! Regardless though, it was very delicious. 

The prices of everything were also very reasonable for the strip. We got a pitcher of blue moon and it only cost about $17. That was 4 glasses of beer .. which would've cost us close to $28 total if we were to drink elsewhere.

I would definitely recommend Giordano's if you're in the area and if you love cheese :)
