lwxYmWqjmEZ0ukCsXC9Pfg I was looking forward to Giordano's ever since they first opened (and when I saw people posting the famous cheese pull on IG). If I ever went to Chicago, my first meal would be DEEP DISH PIZZA. 

The host offered me a buzzer, or to text me when my table was ready but I told her I would wait inside since its freezing outside. There's not much standing room inside and it was packed when other people started to come in. 

At first glance, the restaurant looks pretty small but it does wrap around. There's a pretty good view of the strip if you sit towards the windows, but if you don't then they have comfy looking booths in the back that can seat about 6-8 people. There's a big EAT PIZZA sign on the back wall which is good for taking pictures ;)
There's a wrap around bar with a bunch of TVs. 

Service was good, our server checked on us quite often but she had a lot of trouble hearing what we ordered because the music was pretty loud. Bathrooms were clean, but they need to put seat protectors in the bathrooms!

3/5 Caesar salad was average. There are 3 sizes to each of their salads... I think the first one is personal, entree and then family (serves 4-6) and pricing varied. The Caesar salad wasn't great, but it wasn't too bad either (how can you mess up a caesar salad?). It also came with a piece of cheese bread. My friends said there wasn't enough dressing but I'm sure we could have asked for extra dressing on the side. The entree size was a good started for 3 people. 

4/5 Garlic parmesan fries were SOOO good. We could actually taste the garlic AND the fries were crispy! One of the better garlic parmesan fries I've had, for sure. However, we got a lot of small pieces. It seemed like we got leftover pieces of fries or something like that. 

2/5 Pepperoni pizza. Their pizzas come in 3 different sizes and you can add different protein or vegetables to them for an additional cost. They also have hand stretch thin crust pizza (I'm guessing thats the regular pizza crust you find elsewhere) and extra thin crust pizza. I guess I'm not a huge fan of deep dish pizza because I found the pizza to be on the salty side AND it had way too much cheese for me. My friends did enjoy it, and they did not think it was salty. I found myself getting tired of the pizza after the first slice and towards the end I just peeled off the cheese and ate the crust and pepperoni. Also, the longer you let the pizza sit, the less good it good (obviously). We ordered the MEDIUM for 3 people. On the menu, it said a medium was good for 3-4 people and its pretty accurate. Between the 3 of us, we only ate 4 slices so had half leftover. 

Cocktails here are $11.50 but the pitchers of beer were about $16-17. We ordered a mojito and it had way too much mint and was a tad bit sweet. We also ordered a pitcher of blue moon. We were able to get about 6 glasses from the pitcher so its definitely worth it to order a pitcher if you're in a large group and everyone wants a drink. 

4/5 We got tiramisu for dessert and it was pretty good. However, I thought it was pretty small for $7. While I found it to be moist and soft, it was lacking coffee! It wasn't too sweet either, which I liked. 

Dinner for 3 with 2 drinks and a pitcher was around $80. Overall, we enjoyed our experience and will be back next time to try their thin crust pizzas.
