LXheNwqZPoXuXNNeP1sNew Please follow along with this review in your best "late night urban radio DJ/love talk & slow jams host voice" with imagined Barry White and Teddy Pendergrass songs playing in the background...

The pizzas at Humble Pie are described so attractively on the menu and they're each just enough for two people to share, but maybe a little too much for one person. Especially if you happen to be a ladyyyyyy. Ladies looooove to eat pizza, they just won't eat too much of it in front of most men they're not married to.

Imagine you're with a lovely ladylove of yours, and gently popping roasted olives into her mouth...one by one...hot. 

Damn, she doesn't like olives? How about some tempura-fried green beans that you can tease her lips with, slowly at first, then with increasing intensity until they're all gone? 

Yeahhhh...that's a nice appetizer for your special lady.

The small and dimly lit dining room sets the mood for romance. Your eyes locked onto hers, as you each sip a tall domestic beer, anxiously awaiting the arrival of your main course. The cardboard pizza boxes all around enhance the sexy ambiance.

If your woman is adventurous, she might go for the fig and prosciutto pizza. With goat cheese, it's soooo creamy good. Traditional ladies would probably let you get away with pulling a Margherita on them, because tomato, basil and mozzarella never hurt nobody. You might even have yourself a real freak on your hands who wants that Meat Lovers joint allll night long.

Nevermind the screaming toddlers and the sports on the TVs near the dining room. These dim lights and pizza can only mean one thing. Awwww yeah...it's time to get on down. Mmmm hmmmm.

Ain't gonna be no leftovers tonight. Nuh uh. Y'all are hungry for it and you are gonna finish what you started.

You got some Beano, Tums and Mylanta in your glovebox for later, playa?  

There's no such thing as a bad pizza, but this one was just OK. Don't forget that Thursday night is date night...at Humble Pie...
