mDiFWhywAziq9SKnj6am_Q My husband and I went there on 10/26/10 to eat. We have been going here about every other month for years (back when it used to be Our Gang Cafe and now is Il Posto) and have always enjoyed the food and the service up until tonight. We have even brought others with us on occasion. I had originally called to make sure they were open and the person that answered the phone just said "hi". She did not identify the place so I had to ask is this "Il Posto" and got silence. I asked again and she said yes and gave me their hours of operation. Then when we got there we asked to be seated at a booth inside. (Did not want to take the chance that there were smokers on the patio.) The first booth was right behind the hostess station and on the other side was a prep station with plates and misc items that looked like the busboys used to set up the tables. The noise from the clanking of items was too loud so I asked for another booth. The next booth we sat down at the table was dirty although there were fresh settings. So we got up and went to a third booth. There were several large crumbs of food items on the seats and the table had a greasy sheen to it. There was a busboy (waiter?) nearby so we asked if he could clean the table again. He came to the table and took the seat cushion and upended it and flipped it over and slammed it down loudly and gave us a look like we were bothering him. We also told him the table was greasy, so he grabbed a cloth in a huffy way and pushed the cloth around on one small spot in a circle near the end of the table and then threw the cloth on his station. So I went over to the hostess and started telling her what had happened and then stopped and asked for the manager. I was told the manager was busy. I told her I couldn't believe the awful treatment we were getting. A gentlemen with a long apron came up and tried to help us but all he really did was give us lip service. His attitude was not one of someone who cared if a customer had a good experience. He pointed out a table instead of a booth and we pointed out to him that the table also had a greasy sheen to it so he ran his hand over it and saw that his fingers left a trail on the table like ours did on the other tables. We just decided to leave because it seemed that no one there cared about us having a quiet and enjoyable meal. This just is not acceptable and I'm sad to say I will most likely never eat here again and I will tell everyone I know about how badly we were treated.
