mDiFWhywAziq9SKnj6am_Q I have to say this is the very first time in my life that I have ever been so disappointed in a restaurant. First of all my family and I got there half and hour early by mistake, which was our fault but instead of just letting us sit down and look at the menu and grab us waters or something they sent us over next door to The Lounge. The Lounge was very nice but we felt bad going in there and not buying a drink so we ended up spending extra money there. The hostess also said she would come get us when they were ready and she never did. When we went in there was already another table seated... Remember throughout this that this restaurant is labeled "INEXPENSIVE"

The waitress was really nice but she didn't really seem to know much. Maybe she was new. Anyways,we ordered the stuffed mushrooms as an appetizer. It was $7 and there were only 4 small mushrooms and they were BATHED in cheese sauce. It was not very good...and I love stuffed mushrooms. When the waitress asked how we liked it I was politely honest and let her know that it was just "ok."

 For our entrees we ordered a kids pasta with marinara ($4, didn't include anything else) and I have never seen such light marinara at an Italian restaurant! The sauce was definitely not made there, tasted like a grocery store brand sauce. My husband got the chicken marsala ($13) - the chicken and sauce were adequate, but we have no doubts in our mind that they used instant mashed potatoes. I ordered the clam linguini ($14) which came with a choice of red or white sauce. Now, when you have a choice between red or white don't you think of a creamy white sauce? Well, that was not the case. The dish came out and the sauce was light yellow and clearish; kind of like a butter sauce. I'm going to blame it on my pregnancy but I was really looking forward to the creamy white sauce. So, I told the waitress what I thought the menu meant and that I would like a bowl of creamy white sauce to put on it instead. No problem right....but oh wait, they charged me two dollars for a few ounces of alfredo sauce! Are you kidding me!? From the look of all the other cheap ingredients I'm sure it was cheap sauce, from a huge jar that they probably paid 5 bucks for. What happened to satisfying your customer? Especially after we did not enjoy our appetizer...

Il Posto is mislabeled and should have 2 $ signs instead.  I think when yelp said "inexpensive" they actually meant "cheap." They charged way too much for their cheap ingredients and not so great customer service.

Needless to say we will not be going back...
