Mh84_j7YmRrAcm0DWV4bUw As a former (reformed ) New Yorker myself, walking into Cugino's deli fills me with nostalgia for the way things use to be in NY delis in almost any neighborhood. I've been coming here for about four years, dine in and take out and I'm happy every time. Family owned and operated, the boys tend to run the front counter and are some of the nicest guys in the city. They recognize me by name and make me feel like part of the famiglia, cugino means cousin after all. 

The food is unabashedly old school "red sauce New York" Italian, the kind of comfort food that grandmas pass down from generation to generation of Italian American families. Oft imitated, but rarely perfected, Cugino's delivers a hearty, soul warming meal that scratches that itch for a solid plate of parmigiana drenched in top quality mozzarella and a tangy home style red sauce. Then pizza is authentic too, owing to their Staten Island roots. It's not fancy, it's just what you need when you want a slice of NY pizza to make you long for the old days when your corner pizza joint was the place to go for a snack after work or school. 

Their hot sandwiches are tops, try the Sausage and broccoli rabe with provolone, it's one of the best things on a roll in the whole city. They've started offering a Philly favorite too, the roast pork sandwich, which is a classic as well. You can't go wrong with their standard entrees either, the eggplant rollatini is basically cheese heaven with their homemade, creamy ricotta seasoned just right. Sausages made in house by the patriarch of the family, who is a butcher by trade, are top notch. 

This is unpretentious, home style cooking, in a charming counter service deli with a few pizzeria style seating areas. Loads of cold cuts and Italian specialties line the walls for purchase, if you need a ton of food to satisfy the masses, they'll cater any event, nothing's too big or too small, they'll accommodate you!  

Support these local business and keep Vegas a locals paradise. Thanks guys, for the years of yummy food and making me feel at home every time I come in!!!  Grazie mille!!
