mJ_ucQ2_3hfTsmCcKb-hgw I ate here for dinner late this past Thursday night with my girlfriend.  We were downtown already and decided to see what was open in Market Square at a later time on a weeknight.  I actually was unaware that this restaurant was even there since the last time I had walked by it had been Bella Serra, but boy am I glad that it is.  The inside of the restaurant is not too much different from the previous restaurants here with the brick walls showing and some art.  They did add a rolling door to the front that allows it to be open to Market Square.

For dinner I decided to have the strazzopreti & wild mushrooms with a side of orzo mac & cheese while my girlfriend went with the tomato bisque and a poached pear salad.  We asked that it all be brought out together and within a reasonable time period it was.  My strazzopreti and mushrooms consisted of the pasta, an assortment of mushrooms, spinach and onions in a cream sauce while my mac and cheese looked pretty non descript.  At first I was unsure of how I would like my pasta, but wow, was it good.  The pasta seemed fresh and was cooked al dente giving it just a slightly different texture than the large number of mushrooms that it was paired with.  Overall it had a nice earthy flavor that I thoroughly enjoyed.   After finishing my pasta I moved onto my mac & cheese.  It might very well have been the best mac and cheese that I have ever eaten at a restaurant.  It was very rich and creamy and you could actually taste the mixture of different cheeses.  I only wished that there would have been pepper on the table to cut into some of the richness of it.  While I was eating all of this my girlfriend was also enjoying her meal.  I was able to taste her poached pear salad, specifically the roasted garlic mascarpone port vinaigrette and it was extremely tasty.

The bottom line for me is that I would definitely head back here in the future.  I went in without any expectations and it and it totally blew me away and so I am looking forward to trying some more of the chefs creations.
