MjAuGkgPjNLyMrN74_0YbA Bad Bad Bad with a menu stuck in the 80's and terribly overpriced for what we got. The bread was like something from Olive Garden or Macaroni Grill. My ribeye with gorgonzola butter was really tough (I had to ask the waiter for a sharp steak knife in order to saw into it), oversalted, and had almost a 4 inch square of fat attached to it. OK, maybe it was only 3 inches square. But it was a huge blob which you really don't expect from a "fancy" place. The gorgonzola butter was curdled and salty, whereas I was expecting something velvety and more gorgonzola-y. The spinach was greasy and oversalted. The best part of my meal was the diced root vegetables, which were a delightful combination of spicy ones and salty ones, perfectly fried ungreasy golden brown cubes crunchy on the outside, and lucious on the inside. They were perfection. They were less greasy than the spinach. My mother in law had the shrimp scampi special wrapped in prosciutto with asparagus and risotto. The scampi (there were only 4, fortunately) were too salty for her, and she is a salt-a-holic. The risotto was tasty but a gummy mess. It was like the risotto which I try to make at home, but never succeed at, LOL! The food wasn't actually "bad" (though my mother in law thought it was, I think because it was such a letdown), it was more like food I would make at home, except I certainly wouldn't charge $36 per entree for it and I would not oversalt it and I would certainly buy a better cut of meat!

The waitstaff were nice and considerate. I sort of felt sorry for them, having to serve such bad food.

Anyway, we won't be gonig back especially with such an old school surf and turf sort of menu. I'm glad I went though to satisfy my curiousity. We've been going to Crop Bistro, which we adore, and Johnny's always had a decent crowd sitting outside. Must be the place to go for drinks and raw bar, if you are into that old school, pseudo Wall Street blast from the past sort of thing. I did enough of that in the 80's so I'm over it.

True foodies should avoid this place. However, actually, it might be super fun to do an 80's night and dress up 80's and have cocktails and the raw bar.
