MNaPOkqm2vKeNG8EqkZWCg Worst meal ever..not Chicago and not Italian. 

Let me preface this by saying I am not an overly picky eater. And this was the first time in my life I was angry about the poor quality of the food I received. 

I brought my Dad here for his Birthday and thought it would be nice to go somewhere off the beaten path. Being from Chicago and Italian we were looking forward to a nice meal. What we got was unacceptable on every level. 

It started with the poor welcome we received at the door and continued the rest of the night. Taking our order the waiter did not ask what kind of salad dressing we wanted until we asked what the options were, and the same happened with sides of pasta that accompanied the main dishes (saying, oh well if you don't specify you get what they decide to give you). 

The bread was more suited to be a croissant than Italian bread. Then the salad came, one of which, one had the wrong dressing, strange because all four of us ordered the same (Italian). 

The food arrived shortly after, we ordered veal Marsala, Chicken Parmesan, and meat lasagna. The veal was shaved veal? Similar to roast beef, dry and overcooked....it was so bad I didn't even eat it (and $32.95 for this??). The side dish pasta with meat sauce that came with it was just as bad; overcooked and sauce that tasted like ground beef with sweet ketchup. The lasagna was pasta, ricotta, with crusted beef on top, dry, no red sauce, it was terrible. The chicken Parmesan was the only dish that was possibly edible but smothering it in that terrible sauce ruined any chance of that.

I voiced my complaint to the waiter and asked to speak to the manager. Neither the manager nor the owner was there. The waiter took two dishes off the bill but I was still angry to pay anything because the food was absolutely the worst I ever had. On top of that this was to be the beginning of a birthday celebration and it turned out awful. 

I am amazed anyone can stay in business serving food this bad. And I am insulted that this establishment represents both the city of Chicago and Italian food in such a poor manor. 


Avoid at all costs.
