MNaPOkqm2vKeNG8EqkZWCg Chicago Joe's has been around for many, many years and my husband and I have been true lovers of this place for all these years. The quaint little house with the fireplace all aglow in the winter time makes this restaurant super cozy! The first time I came here was with my first boss while I was a college student. It was secretary's day and he treated us girls! From that point on, I was hooked! My husband and I have celebrated many anniversaries and birthdays here, always leaving with happy tummies. 
Unfortunately, the food has really started to go down hill. I have held off on writing my review as the last three times I have ate here, my meals were really lacking and I have been disappointed. Back in the day, some of their tasty and amazing dishes were Chicken Piccata and the Shrimp Parmigiana. These dinners were accompanied by a little side salad with a homemade salad dressing called. "Creamy Garlic". I could drink this stuff, it is that good. They also featured a side of pasta. Of course, some fresh bread and a glass of Chianti with a half peach floating in it. Oh, those were the days..... I happen to know that many of the dishes are made from recipes from owner Joe's grandmother! This always made the meal that much better.
I visited last week and was with some friends. I veered off my normal order as they have an early bird special which includes the entree, salad, bread and a drink for $15. I chose the lasagna which has always been a signature dish for this establishment. Wow! First of all, the salad was thrown together with barely any of the delish dressing. I had to ask for extra. Second, the lasagna was lukewarm. I don't know about you, but I like my pasta served HOT! The waiter took it back and warmed it up but then they piled so much sauce on it, I could barely find the noodles. Really?? I ate a little and then packaged it to go. I ended leaving it there as I knew I wasn't going to eat it. I am not sure if there is a new cook,
new management or what but three strikes and your out! I am so bummed that this once amazing Italian restaurant will now be placed on a permanent back burner. I really hope that they can bring back the quality food they used to serve so us long time patrons can return for a good meal. The service was excellent, no complaints there. I used to highly recommend this place to everyone I knew, now not so much....just sad!
