MrmwDgMlL2GtthlAZsJwNQ Probably one of my favorite chain restaurants. Having been here a few times now, Scaddabush has proven itself to be a solid choice. Reasonable prices, good portions and I dig the trendy yet casual vibe. Perfect for a date, girls night out or a dinner with friends.

I came here with my boyfriend recently after joining their Social Club and received a $25 off $50 coupon. We were also notified of a members-only appetizer called the Fettuccine Fritta which we ordered along with the Naked Mozarella to start. 

Fettuccine Fritta (fried papparadelle pasta, mozarella, tomato sauce, bruschetta) was surprisingly delicious. True to the description, it was literally bruschetta, nachos and pasta in one. If you're a fan of any one of those things, you'd love this. My boyfriend avoids anything with tomato sauce but he couldn't stop munching on it!

Naked Mozarella is a must try as it's made daily in-house. Served on a wood platter with bread, salt and fig jam. A very nice mix of flavors and great presentation.

Onto the mains. Everytime I come here, I always order my favorite, the Baked Carbonara. The parmesan cream sauce is nice and rich but not overwhelming. The poached egg really takes it to another level. So so good. ALSO: Unlike the other pasta dishes on their menu, this one only comes in a single size).

Lastly, we ordered the Smoked Bacon and Egg pizza. A lot spicier than I thought. Although I guess I should've expected it since the description had chilies and chili oil. It was good but I didn't get to enjoy it as much as I wanted to because of my unfortunate  low tolerance for spicy food. The egg yolk really helps fight the heat though. So break the yolk and spread it evenly on the pizza if you're struggling!

Bill came out to about $40 after tax and tip which is quite a steal. We were stuffed and had leftovers to take home. I believe the 25 off 50 is over but they still have the regular 10 off 30 if you sign up, so do take advantage. 

Service could be improved as I found our waitress to be a bit awkward and rather unengaging but no complaints otherwise!
