MtvN8vMiKcLkkz_tCvBx3g I call this review, High Hopes and Bubble Nightmares. 

I too went to a benefit here, which is completely separate to how in feel about the Bubble Lounge. The organization I was there supporting, couldn't be nicer...but the lounge needs some serious work. 

Having it be part of Aria, you know it's going to be trendy.  The circular bar is nicely set up, as is the rest of the lounge. The finishes are rich and it feels modern and sleek.  

The problem my friends and I had was the service, or lack of it. We waited a good, 10, 15 minutes at the bar, and watched as the staff served champagne to the other ladies around us, but ignored us as we BLATANTLY HELD OUT OUR HANDS WITH DRINK TICKETS. It was almost like being in middle school again.  Ignored by the cool kids. 

When passed apps came around, that's what they did.  The servers with trays walked around, and didn't stop at our section of the bar.  When FINALLY a tray of mini crabcakes was set down, we each took one, and immediately, the server took it back.  

There were also no napkins passed at this time, so my friend and I at one point were left with a skewer of lamb...and left the sticky skewer on the bar.  Classy. 

The passed coconut shrimp was ok...but reminded me of a soggier version of that Margaritaville frozen coconut shrimp in the supermarket freezer section. 

The creme de la creme...

I was sitting at the bar chair, and when the phyllo-wrapped asparagus came around, I stood up (butt still touching the seat of the chair) to get one. I felt something behind me, almost sat down, but REALIZED THERE WAS NO CHAIR UNDER ME! 

A woman had taken it from under my bottom!  I looked over her, asked her why she did it, and she, along with her smug boyfriend/manfriend said "you stood up, so it's mine". (Or something to that extent.) 

The manfriend then proceeded to hug the bartender who saw the entire situation go down. 

One server was kind to us, but he was serving Aria, so we didn't deal with him much...which brings me to the conclusion the Bubble Lounge has some serving issues to deal with.  

In my book, it's all about service.  I don't care who you are, you could be my grandma, a supermodel, a TV news anchor or unemployed.  If you don't serve everyone equally, you've lost my service. 

I may try this place again...but it's going to take a lot of improvement.
