mvsnt4q3A5TzcbPFolpsZQ In town visiting family and I wanted Italian and found this place on Yelp with a large number of very good reviews. I felt confident suggesting this place. I was wrong, so very wrong. I have to conclude the only reason this place got 4 and 5 stars means the owner has a very large family. That's the only explanation I can come up with. Arriving there with reservations we sat down and a waiter greeted us quickly. After his initial visit to give us menus he left and I think he hit his head which caused amnesia because he left us for an extended time. Returning with water glasses, two of which were dirty (more on than soon) he left again. Tic toc, tic toc. Returning again after 15 minutes he promised us bread  and took our drink order. The wine came quick enough but no bread, clean glasses or water. Another 1/2 hour ensued and we sucked down a full bottle of wine before he took our dinner order. No water or bread even as we asked again. When dinner was served and we asked for water and bread for the 5th time and we were then told they ran out of bread (WTF!!, an Italian joint with no bread early in the evrning!) even though a table seated after us got bread.

Now for the food. Salads were terrible and tasteless and the mozzarella was like 20 grit sandpaper. Clearly not fresh. The main courses were lousy as well. Mushroom and artichoke ravioli was as tough as shoe leather, spaghetti and sausage came with two enormous uncut sausages that likely were thawed out sitting in the sauce back in the kitchen. Others had gnocchi and it was minimally passable. Chef Boyardee canned pasta is better.

As we were waiting for our check (over 2 hours after we arrived) a fellow guest who was leaving asked how we liked dinner. When we offered up some destressed faces he told us that he saw directly into the kitchen and saw the staff taking dirty glasses being return from a table and  wiping them off to be used again immediately. No dishwashing for them. So that's not where our water went.  The only redeeming part of our outing is two doors down from the resturant was a Dairy Queen. Soft cones....yum....
