MWYJl-bIxhtQ-4Kg3ENUxA Chicago style pizza! Yes! It had to be authentic Chicago style, since I don't believe I had it ever. Only thing I ever that was remotely close was Bostonized, but that ain't Chicago - at least where I live. Used to the normal chains of Dominos, Pizza Hut, and the rest of them, but coming to a Chicago style pie joint is possibility made in heaven, I gotta say. After getting my pint of chocolate ice cream from Cold Stone Creamery relatively nearby, my Fitchburg friends and I stopped here at Rosati's for a delicious pie that could not be beat.

Located on Mineral Pointe Road in the heart of Fitchburg, there is no shortage of parking spaces here, unless you have come on prime time and need a space. Rosati's is within the Clock Tower shopping complex on Mineral Pointe road, nearby the Saigon Noodles I had been to the night before on Odana Road. Plenty of food choices out here. With that in mind, my friend and I ordered take out instead of dining in, so this review is just for the counter service and the food items we bought. I had ordered the 14" Rosati Monster with the double stuffed crust, along with a side order of mozzarella sticks.

Let me tell you that I had thought about getting the 16", but when that 14" came out, that monster was crazy huge! And I thought I could have tanked a medium Pizza Hut pizza without any problems. I guess they don't call it the Rosati Monster for nothing! The pizza itself was a meaty cheesy monstrosity that could not be tamed in one sitting. I tried my best, but I could just manage half of it while saving myself for Cold Stone, which I took out 1/4 of it along with the mozzarella sticks before calling it a night. Guess ill be having the rest of it for breakfast and lunch sometime. The pizza itself was rather good and heavy, so that was a feast in itself. I really did enjoy myself with this pizza and hope to do it again soon. The mix of meaty and cheesy was so good, I guess that mixture is total bliss. And it was!

The counter service was ok at best. Everyone was moving around like it was crazy busy that night, but whatever works to get everyone's orders straight and make everyone happy and satisfied. They take credit cards, so that always awesome. That made me happy. They also have a dining area / restaurant, so that's nifty, if you choose to dine in here one of these days. Glad we phoned our order in, otherwise, we would have been waiting quite a long time for our order. Glad we made a pitstop at Cold Stone first before coming here. Overall, this plus is a serious recommend for sure. If you enjoy Chicago deep dish and Authentic made, this place is the one to go to. Just 3 hour drive northwest of Chicago, its pretty much the closest to the heart of Chicago if you are craving something from the source, but not willing to drive to the source. Rosati's is your best bet ever!

Support local

B+
