mXvWf2_sXWNaLRsBo4O5Eg Location/Service
Very small restaurant along Harbord St. Street/side-street parking is available (best to carpool as the area is relatively busy). There is a sign indicating where the restaurant is - although the name is J's Apron, it is a little small and tricky to find (but a hidden gem). Nice modern decor inside, perfect brunch atmosphere. Service was also very nice, our waitress was also informative on the menu items.

Food
This place is a bit of an Asian/Western fusion brunch. They offer your standard eggs benedict/sandwiches, but there's also interesting sushi/fish-related cuisine with an Asian twist to it.

Polpette di tonno (or tuna balls) - more of an appetizer snack. It's kinda of like sushi, but wrapped in a ball. Very nice complimentary sauce, making it not dry and perfect bit size. A bit hard to describe, but there's a lot of flavors in the bite that's mixed well together.

Insaltaa di Coffee Beef - another appetizer, it's like a steak salad. This dish was okay for me.  The beef was a little tough, but the salad itself was pretty good - along with the peppers and cheese gave it a good complimentary.

J'Osaka - it gives me of a salmon torched sushi feeling to it. There's 6 pieces, coming along with spinach and potato chips. The chips were very crispy and light to eat - good complimentary to the sushi. The fish was very fat (the good fat kinda feeling) and the rice was not cooked or stacked too hard - so when you chew it, it all melts in your mouth.

Hawaiian Pull Pork - egg benedict served on white bread and pulled pork. I'm a huge fan of benedicts and the egg for this dish was done to perfection - runny and soft. The pulled pork also complimented well to the dish. Again, it also had the crispy potato chips on the side.

Overall, this is a very nice hidden brunch place not everyone might be aware of.
There are very limited seats available, but they do take reservations. All the items complimented well with each other and I'd like the idea of creativity of the menu items.
