MZ4EEf4VtkeSJURIGgp2AQ I've passed by this restaurant a few times so I always wanted to try it. My kids reserved a table for an early Mother's Day this year. I was excited to try it but slowly I lost interest... 
first of all, the menu is on a blackboard and they didn't tell us that was the whole menu. We waited 15 minutes thinking a menu would come... but I guess the blackboards the only thing. Pretty hard to see if you didn't bring your glasses. 
First thing I noticed was how loud it is in the restaurant. The music is quite loud on top of three or four tables talking over each other like it's a contest. The washroom was the only place we could get a few minutes of peace... seriously way too loud and they should really just turn down or off the music when it's already so loud in here.
We asked to move to the inner area so that it was a little quieter but they said we couldn't. There's two or three tables available and it's almost 9pm, I doubt there are that many more reservations...
Waited for food for an hour. This isn't even an exaggeration. Ordered at 7:40 and I'm currently writing this at 8:45 and it still hasn't come. Only two bowls of soup came which took 20 minutes to make. I told them it's been an hour and they didn't even apologize, just said 5-10 minutes... they could have let us know how long it would take or bring some bread out or something. We waited so long my kids got a stomach ache from being too hungry. My husband and I got headaches from the noise. When passing by the kitchen I only saw one person in there and there's a full house right now... 
Prices are pretty high too. The food is definitely good, but it really isn't that big of a portion either. And there are many more restaurants with good food but not a whole hour wait. She told us there would be fiddleheads to come with each main but we never got that. And really small menu. I feel like the chefs effort in his dishes was wasted from the noise and customer service.
It might be better on weekdays. But the waitress we had didn't seem really enthusiastic or anything, just basic "how is it" like two times.
