N8bCOvrGH69jD3-CRc6Fpw I have been living in Toronto for over 2 years and this is HANDS DOWN the worst restaurant experience Ive had here.

Every aspect of my experience was atrocious. 

The server was pleasant but it didnt take long for the night to get off to a bad start. I went for dinner with 3 other people and out came 3 starters but one soup was nowhere to be seen. The server came over to the table numerous times and didnt notice the fact that he had no food in front of him. About 30 minutes passed and out came his main course. At which point he enquired about his missing starter. The server came back and apologised and said that the manager agreed to take a startling $3 off the bill to adequately compensate him.

Obviously,we found the $3 gesture a derisory offer but we just werent in the mood to complain and said we would just leave it at that and not make a fuss. 

From this point onwards there was a plethora of mistakes,one after another.

The food itself was poor. We ordered a steak, a pasta dish,a pad thai dish and a teriyaki dish. 4 completely different types of cuisine but they had one thing in common: they tasted awful!

The service was very slow and pieces of food came in dribs and drabs, with long wait times in between.

One friend of mine,ordered a cappucino and it came old cold.Another ordered cheesecake which against all odds,actually tasted delicious. 

Completely fed up we decided to just get out of there as quick as possible and to cap everything else off the Credit machine wasnt working!! We were told to sit down and wait for 5 minutes while the machine recharged. 

At this point we requested to speak to a manager. The server kept making excuses,saying that they were so busy due to TIFF being on and that they usually get great compliments from customers. Firstly,the restaurant was moderately busy but far from hectic. Certainly not enough to justify all the failures on display. And secondly,how does someone else complimenting their dinner help my bad experience?
Throughout the night the servers were constantly citing excuses to other customers to explain their shortcomings. It seemed as if complaints meant nothing to them and they were accustomed to excuses. 
Ive worked in the service industry in the past and would be mortfied if such complaints were directed towards me. Their ambivalence to the complaints was truly shocking and unacceptable.

The server re-emerged to say that the manager was too busy to come speak to us and that he would only say the same things that she was saying.
Again, this is unacceptable. What sort of respectable manager has no interest in speaking with disgruntled customers?

I decided to seek the manager myself. When I asked for the manager I was again told he was "too busy" to deal with us. At this point there was an astronomincal 10-15 people in the restaurant,so I understood that he would be unavailable.
I enquired as to where the manager was and was told that he actually wasnt there. So we were lied to by multiple employees. 
The gentleman I spoke to said that the floor manager wasnt there and he was the bar manager, so by virtue of that fact, he was the manager on duty.

I believe his name was Min and without a shadow of doubt,he is the most unprofessional, inept manager Ive ever encountered. 
I explained my frustration and he actually began laughing in my face!!
I questioned what was so funny and he just kept saying "Im so sorry."
Its hard to see sincerity in someones apology when he is on the cusp of full blown laughter. 
With the restaurant under his command its no surprise how much of a shambles it is. He hadnt even got the professional courtesy to even listen to our concerns.
I asked him if he felt a $3 discount was an appropriate solution to a completely spoiled evening where the bill was $151. He continued to laugh and frivolously apologise and offered so explanation. 

All in all a terrible experience. 
Awful food
Awful service
Inexplicable management

Theres a hotdog stand on the corner of the street which would offer a more enjoyable and engaging dining experience than The "Ultimate" Cafe.

The only reason I have given this restaurant 1 star is because Yelp doesnt allow you give 0 stars,which is a far fairer reflection of this restaurant.
