n8fGqb4CCheGyWtr9KM6qw If you are looking for outstanding food in a quiet, intimate setting, Roma Garden Ristorante is the perfect place for you. We read several of the reviews before going to Roma Garden. For those reviewers who complained about the atmosphere, we found those criticisms to be unfounded. We spent the afternoon in downtown Scottsdale, having lunch at one of the trendy restaurants. This place, and several others that we scoped out, made sure that their spaces were decorated with the latest styles and newest furniture. Roma Garden stays true to its roots. It is tastefully decorated; it feels like more of an extension of someone's home than a restaurant. Several of the still-life paintings on the wall were created for the restaurant. With a small bar and only about 10 tables, the setting is romantic and allows for quiet conversations with members of your party.
The service was outstanding. Our services were personable and knowledgeable. We had a nice conversation with two of the servers, again, making the place feel more like someone's home than a restaurant.
When we sat down, the table next to us had just received their meals. The smell of their food was intoxicating. We started with the stuffed mushroom appetizer which was unique and delightful. One of the reviewers mentioned the bread. We concur; the bread and herbed butter are a wonderful addition to the meal. The most challenging part of our meal was deciding what to eat. One can choose from an amazing array of classic Northern dishes. Our two choices, Pollo Saltimbucco and Pollo Piccante, did not disappoint. The side of pasta has a sweet and savory marinara sauce (making me wish that I had ordered either the lasagna or a pasta dish...maybe next time), and the side of vegetables was a nice balance to the main dish. Both portions were generous and incredibly tasty. They were each sauced well. It was clear that a great deal of care and experise were parts of the preparation.
If we lived here, I imagine that Roma Garden would be a weekly destination for us. We love to go to places where the food is made with love and the staff loves what they are doing. Roma Garden fits the bill.
