N8uKQ5Vdb1LAh-qXT_25Rg One easy way to start an argument about pizza is to put the words "deep dish" in front of it. Is it still pizza? Or more like a lasagna? Is it legal to eat pizza with a knife and fork? Who's willing to wait a half hour while their pizza bakes?

All these questions would be answered in my visit to Lou Malnati's and my first time encountering deep dish pizza after years of NY and Neapolitan. For the sake of comparison I sampled both their classic deep dish and the thin crust. My final conclusion: While there are a lot of differences, I can understand the hype to a degree. It's an interesting take on pizza with some positives and negatives. 

Let's start with the sauce. The cooked deep dish sauce features roughly ground tomato chunks floating around and a very subtle flavor. The deep dish is proportionately mostly sauce but it doesn't dominate the pizza.  It's really more reminiscent of a marinara made for pasta, lending credence to my pre-conception that deep dish is closer to lasagna than pizza. The sauce on the thin crust pizza was noticeably different in a good way. It exploded with a big kick of sugar and butter which was very enjoyable. I can understand not using it in the deep dish because it would be way too much; on the thinner crust though, it shined. 

Onto the cheese- Malnati's places their Wisconsin mozzarella on the bottom layer of the pizza just above the dough. It makes for an interesting experience but I'm not so sure I enjoy it. The weak flavor of mozzarella cheese really benefits from the browning it gets when on top in the oven. Buried beneath all the sauce, it never really had a chance. If ooey-gooey white cheese if your thing, you might like it more. But for others, I'd recommend asking for less. The thin crust pizza had a solid layer which didn't brown very much either, but it didn't detract from the experience because there was so much less of it. 

The crust is where Malnati's caught my interest. It's a very different crust than every other pizza place I've visited. It's the most enjoyable part of the entire pie highlighted by some major differences. The crust is very buttery and flakey, almost more similar to a pie crust. Aside from using a good amount of butter, this is likely due to a low hydration level on the dough. When you use less water, the dough gets thick and tears instead of stretching. There's also little to no gas bubbles in the crust which means some combination of low hydration and under/over fermenting. The differences are essential to deep dish! You need a compact and tough dough that can stay crispy and firm under the weight of sauce and cheese. A normal airy dough would collapse completely. The strong buttery taste also helps the dough to stand out in the final mix. The thin crust pizza featured more or less the same dough, and it served to create the same experience on a smaller scale. 

While I wasn't impressed by the deep dish sauce or cheese, I can see myself coming back for the unique crust. But push come to shove, and I'm likely to opt for the thin crust which was a far better overall experience. I just can't get over the feeling that I'm eating pasta. Un-browned cheese, chunks of tomatoes in the marinara, and ground sausage in their signature pie makes me think lasagna, not pizza. I'm a firm believer that less is more on a pizza. A deep dish pizza takes the exact opposite stance -that more is more and even more is even better.  

Service was very good, but waiting up to 40 minutes for a pizza is a bit absurd. There may be a line out the door at night but that's more because it takes so long to serve each table. You're committing to over an hour which isn't economical if you're on a lunch break. Is it worth a visit? I would say yes just to try it out, but I'm not sure how many times I'll be returning.
