nBl_4gw5ecGzNkHyzfii8g I am really a fan of all Terroni locations, especially Queen Street, but this one is a favourite too - the building/design are breathtaking. This builing was built in the 1850s and has housed many things, including Courthouse Market Grille, Courthouse Chamber Lounge, Live@Courthose, Adelaide Street Courthouse, York County Magistrates Court, York County Courthouse, Toronto's Arts & Letters Club...

Terroni Adelaide has a cool area at the front "lobby" area they've called the "enoteca", which is essentially a wine/antipasto bar. In Italy, this would be a stand-alone establishment, not a section of a restaurant, but it's still a really cool idea.

They lose a star because they have screwed up my reservations twice (out of 4 or 5 times), and they are not very proactive about problem-solving. Basically, to get any attention, you have to cause a fuss or become bitchy. It's like they ONLY know how to do crisis intervention customer service or something. The servers are more capable than the hostesses, at least.

This is a great place for groups (seats up to 300 inside), less good for couples (if you're looking for quiet/intimate/romantic). It's loud and lively!

My favourite app is FUNGHI ASSOLUTI - it's baked oyster mushrooms w/ parmigiano, bread crumbs, balsamic vinegar, x-virgin olive oil, garlic and parsley served on arugola. MMMMMMM!!!

The INSALATE RICCHIA is my favourite salad - arugula, mushrooms, and big parmigiano reggiano shavings with some sort of lemony vinegarette.

My favourite pizza (which comes uncut, which is Italian restaurant tradition!) is the PEPPINO - it reminds me a lot of the pizzas I ate while travelling all over Italy - it has tomato, garlic, grilled eggplant, zucchini, grilled red peppers, parmigiano. The BUFALINA is great too - just tomato, mozzarella di bufalo and basil. The pizza is baked in oak ovens, is cracker-thin, and WONDERFUL! 

Interesting fact #1: The wine is kept in the basement's old jail cells!
Interesting fact #2: "Terroni" means "people of the earth".
Interesting fact #3: All the pizzas are named after the owner's family members.
