nBl_4gw5ecGzNkHyzfii8g Terroni is located on Adelaide, it is the next door neighbour to the Courthouse club; so it is ideally situated if you want to eat and party the night away. 

Came here after a day of city hopping with the boyfriend, (Doors Open 2011), we were served promptly, and quicker than the wait time the hostess quoted us, which was great. 

The set-up of the Adelaide location is divided in to a bar in the front portion, with a main dining room just beyond the hostess station
We were seated in the main dining room, with the atrium off to the one side of us, and the kitchen on the other.

Maybe, it is because I've had a lot of good Italian food lately, but I thought Terroni was a bit lacking.. in that little something that made it extra memorable. It does bother me that I can't quite put my finger on what I didn't like about it. 

I should mention that it is my second visit to this local chain (since they do have several locations dotted throughout the city, the other is located in the Queen West area). 

The atmosphere is a study in contrast between the two locations that I have visited. One is a bustling family restaurant, the other... a bustling supper club, complete with DJ. 

We ordered their mushroom salad (Funghi Assoluti) to start, which was great... but I thought there was a tad too much parmigiano and there were plenty of mushrooms, and the balsamic balanced nicely, but it was missing that extra-crispy crunch, that i expected from a salad. (either that or I've been spoiled by Pizza Liberetto and Vinsanto)

The boyfriend ordered the Wild Boar Pappardelle (Pappardelle al Sugo di Cinghiale) and I ordered the Gnocchi special, which was butternut squash gnocchi with parmigiano, sage(basil?) and finished with butter. 

The pappardelle was better, but I couldn't get over the fact that it kinda tasted like... Chinese-style 5-spice stewed beef, it was quite enjoyable. I just kept flashing back to the huang siew beef noodle soup that you can get for cheaper up in Markham. It might be because they use Star-anise in it. 

The Gnocchi was butternut squash, other than that there isn't that much to say about it beyond that.. It had the color of butternut squash, and it tasted like butternut squash, I smell my dish when it came out... and it smelled like melted butter, which was interesting; but like i said before there wasn't much else to comment on. It's good in a way that it was done so simply, but I kinda was left searching for the wow factor. 

We split a flourless chocolate cake for dessert, which was good. I can't tell you if it was fab, as I told the boyfriend to eat the rest; as I am no chocoholic cake fan, I thought the white chocolate sauce was fine, and strawberry that they serve it with was great.  He loved the cake, and thought I was crazy, not to eat another bite, but there you are. 

The service was great, considering how busy it was. The waiter came and checked on us a few times, and when I mentioned chocolate wasn't my thing, he did offer to get me a scoop of gelato, instead, which was a nice gesture. 

The only worry is that the tables of two are kinda close to each other, that when either party sitting next to us, got up or the waiter came between our tables, either our cups or bread basket would shift... so enough elbow room if you're just sitting, anything... keep an eye on your cups or basket or plates as they might shift because you're a mite too closely packed in. 

The decor is interesting, considering the building looks heritage on the outside and very modern art-gallery on the inside. It was kinda weird in the atrium they have some hanged dummies (artwork?) on the wall, which is kinda off-putting(but would make a great conversation piece), but since I had my back to it, I didn't really care.

But overall, good, pleasant experience, but not particularly memorable.
