nBl_4gw5ecGzNkHyzfii8g I have been to Terroni Adelaide many times and every dining experience has been great. It is definitely a preferred spot and I often recommend it to people. I love the décor/ambience and what they've done with this old courthouse. True, who cares about décor if the food and service don't deliver.  Whether I've had pasta or an entrée (there is usually something appealing on the Specials menu), my meal has never been a disappointment and the same goes for my dining companions. I have enjoyed any wine and the desserts are great.  I read some of the recent reviews and the comments on bad service and food quality really surprise me. I've never had bad service or food issues here (it's true they don't do substitutions but I'm over it and understand the authenticity angle). I don't care that the wait staff are dressed casually; it goes with the vibe of the place. I don't find them pretentious and they are always attentive but never overbearing. They check-in to see if you are satisfied with your food and ask if you need anything else, with good timing and without being overbearing. Another simple meter is that they always make sure you have enough water; even when your carafe is low they replenish it without being intrusive. I hate being in a restaurant where the customers have try to flag down their waiter for any reason, or to constantly ask for more water. It does get very busy so don't expect to be seated immediately if you just walk in. If you have definite plans, make a reservation. They have a cool bar area at the front and you will find that busy too. Downstairs there is a large room for more private functions. Upstairs it's also common to see large groups (e.g. birthday or anniversary celebration) and that always seems to go well. It's a very family friendly place, albeit pricey as it all adds up. Being so busy, it does get noisy but you can still have a conversation. (I'll try to remember to update this review should I end up having a negative experience in the future.)
