nBl_4gw5ecGzNkHyzfii8g First of all, this place is incredibly busy. Not too surprising, seeing as how their food is of a higher calibre. The bigger name italian restaurants don't really even compare. I am going to say right off the bat that it could be 5 stars, its just that service is incredibly slow...about a 35 minute wait from appetizer to main. 

We started here with a selection of meats and cheeses (Tagliere Mezzo e Mezzo- $23). It is essentially their take on a charcuterie board. It is definitely one of the better boards I have experienced and this was largely because of the cheeses. Unfortunately, I can only remember the names of 2/4 cheeses that were included: gorgonzola and pecorino. Notwithstanding, each variety was delicious and with the honey, it was even more interesting. The meats were excellent as well. We had mortadella, capicola, prosciutto and I believe a house made meat. What would have made it even better for me? Having more prosciutto in place of mortadella. There were about 6 pieces of mortadella and only 2 pieces of prosciutto. Also included were some tart and sweet components, olives and grapes respectively. 

Next, we tried two pastas.  First, Cavatelli al Sugo d'Agnello ($20) which is cavatelli with braised lamb with dandelion and pecorino. Second, the ever popular Tonnarelli alla Norcina ($25) which is Tonnarelli with spicy sausage, pecorino and truffle shavings. 

Simply put, the cavatelli was cooked perfectly. I love how this pasta is thick and has a chewy texture. Very importantly, the lamb was not offensive in flavour. It still had that characteristic "lamb" taste, but it was more subtle. For myself, the dandelion was unwelcome. I wish I could have, but I was not able to appreciate the intense bitter flavours coming from the dandelion. 

The tonarelli was a great dish. The noodles were perfectly cooked and, as tonarelli should be, are thicker than traditional spaghetti noodles. This gives it even more of the characteristic I look for in all of the noodle dishes I eat whether asian or european- bite/texture! The sausage is uncased so it's more like heavenly ground meat. Along with a healthy dosage of parmagianno, this pasta rich and filling. 


Both pastas were excellent, but the second one really did it for me. It was just so satisfying to eat it!! 

Overall, Terroni was a very nice experience. Along with two drinks the bill came to about $97.00 (excluding gratuity). It is well worth it for the delicious and filling food.
