nexHVZm3pV8jgI06KptXWg Well, what can you say about a Pizza Pizza outlet that hasn't been said about every other outlet in Ontario? Quality is the same as you'd expect to find at any other location - nothing to write home about, but acceptable. Value for money is similarly decent - you won't break the bank eating here. This location does have a lot of seating - three or four 4-person tables hidden off to the left, and about 6 4-person tables in the main area. I've seen it busy, but I don't think I've ever seen it full. Parking lot is a little on the weird side, but manageable.

One thing I cannot comprehend about this location is the service. It's incredibly variable - on a a few occasions, we've had very quick and efficient service, but the normal crew follows management practices that defy logic. Often times, one guy will be taking orders and filling them as he takes them. This is a problem when several of our guys want fries or wedges, and he has to walk back and put them in the fryer for each order. Not even joking. If he'd wait to take a few orders then prepare them, he'd save a few trips and probably about three minutes per order.

It also seems to be a normal practice to take slice orders from half our group, wait for that half to finish and pay, then take the other half. I should note that there are no less than four, and sometimes as many as six, people behind the counter when these shenanigans are going down. We wind up waiting, half of our group half done eating while the other half waits for food, about 50% of the time we visit.

I feel like I'm being kind of unfair here - usually we don't notice service irregularities. Maybe we're used to waiting for a while, maybe they aren't always as bad, but every so often it's taking a while, or half of us are asked what we want and half aren't, and we just sit there wondering, "What are these people *doing*?"

So, if the service is disappointing, why keep going, you ask? Simple: it's the closest pizza place to the office that we can all agree on. The pizza itself isn't bad, it's just getting to it is frustrating at times. Not infuriating, just frustrating.
