NfYA4ntbt1CeqmzrSipVpg From what I viewed of the clientele: Giovanni's is where the upper middle class goes to dine for a special occasion, and where the wealthy go to dine on a regular basis (where do they go for their special occasions?  New York I suppose?).  Nearly everyone there on that Saturday night was known by name to the owner and everyone seemed to know each other.  Lots of fancy cars, and lots of kisses.

I am not rich - I was at Giovanni's for my birthday.  I made my reservation through OpenTable, including a note that it was my birthday, and for the first time ever, it was acknowledged by the waitstaff.  During the past 6 years, that note was always ignored, but not tonight.  Giovanni's is special.  They care.

Every table in the restaurant had a "reserved" sign on it, so I guess reservations are recommended on the weekends?  It seemed like we were the only non-regulars in the place, and as such, we ended up with a high-top table by the bar.  Not exactly what I was hoping for, but I guess regulars take priority.

Service was great.  Our waitress was very attentive, gave good recommendations, and engaged in the right amount of cheerful chit-chat.

My boyfriend and I each ordered a four course prix fixe meal, and it was probably the most expensive meal I've ever had.  But it was delicious.

First course: Steak Tartare served in roasted bone marrow (topped with pickled mustard seed) and the House Smoked Salmon Plate (served with capers, mascarpone, and chopped egg).  Both dishes were savory and not too salty.

Second course: Lamb Ragout Pappardelle with mint butter, and Winter Squash Agnolotti (very similar to a ravioli - just crimped differently) with a brown butter sauce.  The mint butter was an interesting twist on the pappardelle - we could definitely taste the mint.  The dish seemed like a fancy version of my Mom's beef stroganoff.  The Winter Squash Agnolotti was my boyfriend's favorite part of the entire meal, by far.  The sweet flavors blended so well with the squash that he wanted to kiss the cook.

Third course: Verlasso Salmon served with a winter vegetable medley and Veal Scallopini served with a crisp potato cake.  The salmon was perfectly cooked - moist and easy to cut - probably the best salmon I've ever had.  The veal was all right, but the potato cake was really amazing.  It was great comfort food.

Dessert: Affogato (cardamom-chestnut honey gelato with cookies) and a peppermint/dark chocolate Baked Alaska.  The affogato came served on a plate with a candle and "Happy Birthday" written on it in a sweet sauce.  Very touching.  The Baked Alaska flavors mixed perfectly.

I couldn't eat like that every day, and I wouldn't want to - then dining at places like Giovanni's wouldn't be special.  But it was great for a special occasion.
