2BZHdgZHa3QtiNFC5bzy1w It's been a number of years since I last visited this restaurant, so I didn't really know what to be expecting. Had they changed their demographic? Has their menu changed? What do others think of the place now?

I came here with my mother (conversation every time pre-meal "I'm okay with any kind of food Wincy, you decide!"; post-meal "That was the worst, not my taste and definitely not worth the money!") and sisters. Their last visit was also years ago, but we were enticed by a more diverse pasta selection close to home.

We made a reservation just in case, and was promptly seated upon arrival. Looking around the restaurant was mostly full, so good thing we thought to plan ahead. The menu is now much shorter - just two facing pages to cover everything. An added print-off showed dinner specials for the night - about one or two extra options per category. We went with two pastas and two pizzas.

Backtrack a bit to service - service was slow. We were kindly seated by the hostess but nobody came by or even said hi for at least 15 minutes. It got to a point I was worried that we were forgotten and didn't have a server. And yet on the side of the restaurant where the food came out, multiple servers happily chattered away with each other. Finally we were greeted and asked what'd we like to drink, so we quickly put in our entire order at the same time.

We asked for bread too (free) - but that didn't show up for another 10 minutes. The bread was not warmed, they were not thinly sliced, there was about 6 slices...what took so long?? The bread was a variety - some whole wheat, some white...with butter, olive oil, and balsamic vinegar. Nothing special...but we all had a piece since by now we've been waiting for close to half an hour. As if they heard our stomachs growling the food came out a minute or two after the bread - talk about poor timing. I'm guessing the waitress forgot our bread which resulted in this fiasco of too many plates on the table.

The pastas came out steaming hot which was nice, and the pizzas followed right after. Everything looked promising and there were no bad surprises. Everything smelled really good, and a little extra parm atop the pastas made things better. They do use a powder parm, which is disappointing, and is oddly brought over in a soup bowl that screams accident waiting to happen. Your waitress will slowly spoon and sprinkle the parm for you - I can see picky patrons getting very nervous...the garganelli special of the night was refreshing and the tarragon cream sauce was light despite being a cream sauce. The peppers and onions have enough veggie that made it feel like springtime. The penne Capri was a standard chicken penne pasta - but smelled really good thanks to the cheese inside
