nI-ZmgPjAtiNTTU-_gnoYQ VISUAL AESTHETIC: 3/5
Trattoria Reggiano is located within Downtown Summerlin, right beside the Regal Cinemas. The sign is properly displayed and easy to find, while the parking lot is also convenient and just steps away from the restaurant itself. 

This can be positive or negative, depending on the party dining, but the restaurant is coddled between the theatre and an adjacent restaurant while across the way is a set of buildings. Although this is the layout of the shopping center, the wall creates a short of "block" in the space for the outdoor patio seating. 

The seating arrangement outdoors and indoors is quite small, and the bar has a wall that slices through it which divides the visible advantage of space. Tables are covered with a paper and have a cup of Crayons which offers a "family friendly" aspect for those that have children. 

Overall, the atmosphere is average. The dining decor is comfortable, and the level of noise is also average.

FOOD: 1/5
It was my first time dining here. The reviews drew my mom and I to this restaurant and we decided to celebrate my birthday here. We wanted to take our time ordering as we expected to eat and drink for a prolonged period. 

We ordered two martinis, which were fine, and we also picked two starters, the mussels and calamari. Just a clarification, the serving sizes were HUGE; our server DID NOT mention anything at all when we were ordering so we ended up full with the two appetizers alone.

We were given garlic knots and a plate of antipasto which contained cheese, olives, and cooked peppers. This was perhaps the best part of the meal because the mussels were not fresh. They were soggy and the meat lacked any texture other than "mush". The calamari was alright, but room temperature when we received it -- Which was 40 minutes after we ordered. The sauces for both of the dishes were nothing special, though we ordered the "spicy" sauce for the calamari which had no spice whatsoever and looked like it  came out of a can.

SERVICE: 1/5
The service here was awful, which is an understatement. Upon arrival, the hostess was extremely slow and chatty with the party before us. I understand customer service and catering to patrons, but there were people in line behind us. You cannot take fifteen minutes to seat one party and hang out to talk to them at their table when others are also waiting. This was unprofessional.

After we were finally seated, we didn't get to have a waitress until we had read over the entire food, drink, and wine menu several times. When she finally did show up, she made it obvious that she did not want to spend time at our table because we watched as she catered to every table around ours from getting drinks, refilling bread, to serving the actual entrees. 

And this is picky of me, but every time I have ever been ID'd on my birthday, I am typically told "Happy Birthday"? I believe this is a typical service at most restaurants, but I suppose she didn't bother to actually look at my ID when she had asked for it, glancing and handing it back to me immediately.

We had stated that this was our first time at Trattoria Reggiano's and our server made no effort to tell us about the serving size of their portions. But had the audacity to come back later to ask if we wanted entrees. When we declined, she proceeded to say that she didn't think we would since she "wanted us to see the amount of food for ourselves". I was completely appalled at that sort of answer.

OVERALL EXPERIENCE: 1/5
I have dined at other restaurants within Downtown Summerlin and this has to be one of the worst experiences I have had. The food was mediocre, the service was less than sub par, and this place really doesn't deserve the raving reviews that are going around online. I am completely disappointed and will not be returning to such an unprofessional restaurant.
