nIJr76IGIGS3nkmieY3Vow I've been a frequent customer at Trattoria's, visiting at least every other month for the past three years and placing catering orders on at least five occasions. As much as I would love to gift them a five star review, their utter lack of organization and professionalism prevents such. 

Just today I stopped in for a late dinner (8pm on a Friday night), but was instructed to put my coat back on as they were closed two hours early due to a lack of business. This was stated despite a full bar and half full dining room...This has happened to me more than once- being informed the restaurant has closed hours earlier than the posted closing time. I understand that it is a family owned business that can choose its own hours, yet the unprofessionalism with which such is carried out is disappointing. 

Secondly, I have placed large catering orders over the past few years as I truly believe Trattoria's food is fantastic. However, on almost every occasion I have been extremely disappointed. On one occasion, I placed my order a week before my event. Arriving day-of to pick up my order, I was informed my $400 order was not placed and the food was not yet made. Thankfully, there was sufficient time before the start of my event to wait for the food to be made. Yet no discount or compensation was offered for this clear management error. On a second and third occasion, the food was actually ready on time, but unpacking the food for the event revealed that no Parmesan, bread, or butter had been packed- all items that are "promised" to be included with catering orders. 

Additionally, I have felt a hasty and impatient attitude from the waiting staff my past three visits. Plates are taken from you before asking if you are finished and checks are placed on the table almost right after your food is delivered. I can appreciate a desire for efficiency, yet such actions may be misconstrued as stemming from desires to "shoo customers out." 

Basically, I love Trattoria's but their management requires a significant reevaluation.
