nIJr76IGIGS3nkmieY3Vow We had a 6:30 reservation and did not get seated until a little after 7. The place was packed and while we were waiting in the rather crammed front area (that candy machine could not be in a worse place) I was starting to get a wee-bit concerned hoping that the questionable way things were going was not going to reflect on the quality of the food. When we were finally seated at first our waiter seemed somewhat curt, but he warmed up quickly. His name is Lenny (only works on the weekends) and I have to say by the end of the meal I was a big fan of Lenny's. Before I talk about the food I will say the only problem aside from the questionable reservation policy was the noise factor. As I mentioned above the place was packed and the volume of all of these voices some at the table found difficult to deal with especially if you are trying to hear what the person sitting across from you is saying. Here's the thing though the food is so unbelievably good that nothing else mattered once the food was served. The portions are beyond generous and the food arrived at the table hot which i am really a stickler about. For an appetizer we ordered the Breaded Calamari and it is the best I have ever had (don't be shy squeeze a little lemon on it you won't be sorry). It was not at all greasy and it was perfectly cooked and what a generous portion. For my entree I had the Eggplant Parmigiano and even before digging my fork into it I understood why it was a House Specialty. The eggplant was cooked to absolute perfection and their tomato sauce is to die for. You know how some tomato sauces immediately give you heartburn well you will not experience that with this otherworldly tomato sauce. I also love how the Eggplant Parmigiano is lightly breaded so it does not feel heavy. Every one at the table loved what they ordered and trust me when I say this is a table where if people do not like something they are not afraid to say it myself included. One person even commented it was the best meal they had ever had in Murray Hill and would go back again. To be fair the person also said the noise was a problem though at this point I am not sure what could be done about that. There is a patio in the back that is enclosed in winter and open in the summer and perhaps that is quieter. I have not been to an honest to God Italian restaurant in a long time nor have I been to a restaurant in quite some time that had its own personality and did not feel like another chain until tonight. I really felt like when my family used to go to The Spaghetti Company up on Som Center when I was a kid except that the food at Trattoria Roman Gardens was so much better. If you want authentic Italian do not hesitate to come here and if you have to wait to sit down know that it is more than worth the wait. And if you're lucky maybe you'll even get Lenny as your waiter. Trust me once he warms up you could not be in better hands.
