nist6UGz0213A9kTrwHJ3A Now the first thing you may want to ask is "Greg what the fuck were you doing 99th Ave and Greenway?" or "99th Ave?  Why the fuck didn't you just drive the extra three miles and go to LA?"  You would be right in asking me those perfectly reasonable questions.  

The answer is that for some reason which I still have not been able to figure out yet is that my girlfriend's parents live out there.  So this Friday it was her step mother's birthday and she wanted to celebrate at this little place in a strip mall in Sun City.  All I could say up to that point is "Hey, at least it's not a fucking Luby's."  

So we walk up to this little restaurant and there is patio seating out front and a quaint little dining room inside.  We were early so we decided to belly up to the bar and have a glass of wine. The bar tender carded me which was understandable given that compared to the average patron at this establishment I must have looked like a god damn fetus.  I order a Chardonnay and my girlfriend orders a Sauvignon Blanc.  Mine was passable hers was too sweet.  We had a couple other glasses and when the bill came for 4 glasses of mediocre wine I was more that a little shocked that they cost $26.  Oh well easy come easy go right?  

The reservations we had were for a huge table outside as we had about 20 people in our party.  There was live entertainment in the form of this blonde lady about 50 years old not bad looking who has a kind of karaoke set up that she just uses to sing.  I tipped her a few times so she could play some Nancy Sinatra, Stan Getz, etc. and she did a pretty decent job.  

The menu was pretty standard Italian fare.  Various pastas and pizzas, etc.  I took a chance and order the Fettucine a la Carbonara.  The reason I say I took a chance is because I have ordered this dish the world over and I have only had about one or two places make it properly.  This was not one of them.  They basically just put bacon over Fettucine Alfredo and called it a night.  Disappointing but at least the clam chowder and pizza was pretty good.  

I would have to say the most remarkable thing about this place was these weird really long tubes that they fill up and bring to your table.  The tube has a tap at the bottom that you use to pour the beer.  Very bizarre.  

The entertainment got progressively more fun as we drank and drank.  At one point there was this old dude dancing his ass off right there on the patio like he didn't have a care in the world.  I hope I have as much energy when I am his age.  We eventually did the same and danced the twist right there on the patio.  What started out as a pretty mediocre place turned out to be a pretty fun time.  

I don't know why the hell anyone reading this would ever find themselves at 99th Ave and Greenway but if you do you should swing by and check it out.
