Nkb9_PKgnVYZe8W1y_fBRg Won a gift certificate through the radio.  $25.00 - went to Dante's Next Door today, Saturday.
Party of Two.

Two double Espresso's $5.50 each.

Two latte - $5.50 each.  (Mostly foam - very little coffee).

Ordered the Crab Cakes "Benedict" $16.00 (Soft poached eggs, ham, lemon Hollandaise sauce) and the Breakfast Calzone $12.00 (ham, hash browns, peppers, onions and cheddar).  Husband wanted  1/2 of each plate.  We also got a Duck Fat Potatoes $4.00 to share.

We walked in and did not have reservations.  Was told that we could sit at either bar because every other empty table in the place was for reservations.  We were told when a table was available, they would seat us.  We decided to stay at the bar & sat down next to another couple. 

The woman I sat next to was RUDE!  She was a friend of the waitress, Melissa.  They talked and talked and the customer never shut up even when we flagged down Melissa and started our order.  All through the meal, the other customer was rude - flipping her hair on me, playing with her hair - hitting me with her hair, etc.  NEVER SHUT UP WITH THE WAITRESS EITHER.

Talking about other people, who was doing what, when - etc.  (Mostly the customer, not the waitress).

Food was tasty and a decent portion  EXCEPT the bottom of the calzone was burned - one half more so then the other.  Cook must have been in a hurry to fix it also - because the burned side was all dough  1/2 way through.  My husband who never leaves a crumb behind left about 3 bites of burned dough.

Melissa the waitress made sure to tell she ordered a side of béarnaise sauce for our potato's.  I don't know if she was just letting us know or hinting for a larger tip.  It struck both of us odd the way she said it and the way it came out - her tone, etc.

So, after the $25.00 gift certificate, the bill was $35.00.  NOT happy with that at all.  Way to much money for a Saturday mid-morning breakfast.

Also - just a note:  We saw other people come into the place - but there was still 2-4 tables empty the entire 1  1/2 hours we were there and no one came to seat us at a table.

Not going back.  Just too expensive.

Oh - almost forgot:  the friend of the waitress bumped into both our seats when she was leaving.  Hard enough that my husband almost spilled the last of his coffee.
