NoF90rswXBHESSyDaWeKKA Meh. I've experienced better. This place runs like someone failing at the game diner dash, where people walk out if you ignore them for too long, or don't bring the bill fast enough. 

I would say this, if you're a tourist staying downtown Pittsburgh don't waste your time on this place.

Unless you're walking in for lunch, or a post dinner rush meal do not bother.

If you're looking for a quick bite or drink, don't bother.

If you value customer service...don't bother.

I tried to make a reservation but they don't make them for groups under 6....let me tell you there is maybe 1 table for six in the tiny restaurant.

We arrived at 615pm, we waited in the awkward foyer freezing for an hour. The hostess was pretty indifferent and annoyed with our presence.  The only reason we even stayed was that we were waiting for a friend to meet us there.

In the hour that we hovered in the 70s style foyer, we told everyone who walked in to leave because it wasn't worth it to go in.  Probably turned away about 10 people.

When we arrived there seemed to be a lot of groups of middle aged people who were wasted.  Like a lot, in fact as we left drunk moms were piling into a minivan and giving the waitress the finger. Super classy.  

So we sat down, ordered beers- the golden monkey was meh.  

Ordered the italian cheese plate, and pepperoni bread. 1 of the 3 cheeses was really good, one was meh, and one was covered completely in balsamic. Not great.

Ordered the Margherita  Pizza and the carnivore, both came and were very fresh. So yes the ingredients were very fresh, but it wasn't like something earth shattering.  Maybe I'm just a pizza guru, but it wasn't all that and a bag of chips for me.  Standard brick oven pizza.

We had the chocolate cake, which was very very dense and we couldn't finish it....and not in a good way.

I have to say that while dining we asked for Ranch dressing, and apparently the owner is completely against ranch dressing being at the establishment at all. So no ranch,  in case that's something you like on your pizza.  Also took a lot to get pepper flakes as well.

Over all, I was not impressed. I wish we had gone somewhere else because this place was really not worth the hype people talked about it or the time we spent there.  Pittsburgh has much better places to eat, try meat and potatoes if you can get a reservation.
