NoF90rswXBHESSyDaWeKKA The first thing I noticed when walking in, was the smell. For me, wasn't a pizza smell, like you would expect, but a coal-firey, brick oven smell. So cozy and warm, it made me want to stay awhile.

We grabbed some seats at the bar after being told it would be about a half hour wait... Literally 3 minutes later, we were told a table was ready. The bar is really spacious (see pics) and the chairs are large and comfortable; we decided to stay at the bar.

The girl that took our drink order wore dreads and a high bun, and was not very attentive. She was kind at best and sort of rushed me with placing my drink order. I saw her behind the bar laughing with the manager(?) and striking a lighter behind the bar while talking (loudly) about her weekend plans. I love when people love their jobs,  but could you get my wine first? Then another lady took our orders (who was much better in my opinion), although I didn't catch her name. It was a little confusing with the flip-flopping of servers, considering there were no introductions or "let me explain what type of place this is, this is your first time", but it was fine in the end.

Random, but I really did love the plates, glasses, and cutlery here. Very modern and matched the ambiance nicely, I thought.

I ordered the Ocean pizza and he ordered the Carnivore. Following the obligatory taste test, we both agreed we enjoyed the flavors in the ocean pizza better than the carnivore. The ocean had clams, shrimp, and possibly scallops with a garlic paste and fontina cheese... Some type of lemon aioli was in it, and who knows what else because it was so delicious, I stopped tasting for awhile. The meat on the other pie was very good and not too salty, as most meat pizzas tend to be. The crust was on the softer side. It was perfect, doughy, and delicious, in my opinion. Although my husband prefers more of a crispy-bottomed pie, he still finished it without complaints. The toppings were generous and after completion, we were both full, but not stuffed. Aka, we could walk comfortably out of the restaurant, which I am not used to! 

The bathrooms were clean with plenty of mirrors to pick the pizza sauce out of your teeth afterwards... our check was about $65 for 2 pies, and about 3 drinks. Not too shabby. 

We migrated for dessert, so next time I'm here, I would definitely love to try out some of their sweets, specifically, the candy bacon. 

The reasons for the 3 starts goes as follows: one of the main reasons we chose to stay seated at the bar is due to there being a skinny little aisle to walk down, which you share with the servers and the backs of anyone else sitting in the aisle. So the tables are all in a row and if you sit in a chair, your back is kind of in the open and you're constantly having to move in (I would assume). The bar is huge, but instead I think they should put all that extra space into seating, since it felt a little crampy when walking. I decided I would be really annoyed if I had to constantly push my chair in due to people walking behind me all night. 

The second reason is, when I eat out somewhere, I'm always hoping for an experience. I need that something that makes you stand out from other brick ovens, and a large opportunity for that to happen is during the server/customer interaction. There wasn't a whole lot of that for me and it kind of dulled the experience. Great food? Yes. Good prices? For sure. Ambiance? Check... Some small kinks to work out that cost a few stars, but I would certainly return.
