2i0dDzxLuQQAwzxDZVR-1g I had a really disappointing experience with the staff and owner here last night.

I arrived dressed casually, but not slovenly, with my friend after spending the day at the Toronto Islands. As we arrived the bouncer(?) hustled my friend to toss his coca cola bottle that he was still carrying around from earlier. It was really bizarre for an upscale bar to inconvenience a patron like this over something like a coke bottle. This was not a movie theater. It is a very expensive high-end restaurant and our server could have offered to throw it out for us if they really were bothered by it. Anyways, the hostess was quite embarrassed about this and sat us at the bar quickly.

We then ordered some drinks, and my friend decided we should do a shot of some flavorful whiskey with someone random at the bar. This is how we typically start chatting up people at new places and get to know the local crowd. Yelpers are a sociable crowd and we tend to ask people about their experiences and knowledge of the places we explore. Well, we picked the wrong guy, who strangely enough turned out to be the owner. As soon as our server delivered the shot to the man beside us, upon informing him that we had purchased it for him, he turned over and cringed. He then did his best to ignore us for the rest of the time we were there. He could not have been more disgusted by two human beings. While typically I would not have cared by this reaction (hey, not everyone is open to speaking with people they don't know), I was deeply concerned by this man's complete disregard for the patrons of his own establishment. He should have politely declined the drink and asked how we were enjoying his venue, like almost anyone with any social skills can manage. 

After that we felt pretty uncomfortable and a bit humiliated in front of the server who had awkwardly witnessed all this. So we finished our drinks off pretty quick and headed next door to Lavelle. I don't think we would have stayed much longer anyways, because it was pretty slow/tame for a Saturday night. I am guessing from the reviews here that the food and drinks aren't keeping customers. Anyways, the whole experience soured the night a bit and to be honest I do think we were treated poorly there because we did not fit a certain image. From the moment we arrived we were made to feel unwelcome there. It was weird. 

The Sangria - was a bit dry for my liking. Generally sangria is sweeter than what they offer here. I would recommend trying Gusto or Cactus Club nearby for their sangria.
