nqyxSQ_w_FkZmpckIbM4uA I was at the Scaddabush restaurant in Mississauga and I had such a good experience- the food there was excellent and looked like from the food magazine. So that was the reason why we chose Scaddabush in Oakville. But it was such a disappointment. I give them 2 stars only because one salad dish with grilled chicken was very good and the manager was nice when he came to apologize about the mix up and offered my friend to change her dish. But other than that the dishes could not compare to the dishes in Mississauga! Tomato-Fennel soup was very oily - it had a thick layer of oil swimming on top, it was so ugly and greasy. My friend said it was also a little bit too bland. I guess the oil was from too much melted cheese, we couldn't figure out.
We also ordered Zucchini Butternut Squash Ravioli because I had this dish before (in Mississauga location they came beautifully arranged with lots of hazelnut cream sauce all around) and they were so good but not here in Oakville. Looked like somebody just threw few ravioli on the plate and even forgot the best part - their delicious hazelnut sauce. We mentioned this to the waitres who did not apologize about it but was more like "Oh, you wanted the sauce? Ok."  Like really?! (We did not take a photo of this bland looking sad ravioli dish.)
At the end they brought back the dish with very small amount of sauce (that looked like regular cream sauce compared to other location where the sauce was a generous amount with lots of hazelnut pieces). So I asked the waitress where are the hazelnuts; we can't see even one, and she said "They are infused inside the sauce", so basically can't be seen- haha!
The good part was that the manager came out to apologize and offered another dish because my friend did not know that this dish is spicy (on the menu it does not mention that there are chilli flakes). She got another dish "Goat Cheese & Beet Salad" that was also my choice - only her dish looked 100% better as it was brought from the manager. My salads dressing was mostly oil, not the balsamic vinegar, it was pretty bland. After all, I like Scaddabush restaurant but I would choose another location where they pay attention.
