NRn6yqCq3yAh7NtKBt79xQ After a great meal at Capo's on Saturday night we ventured over to the Rio for a shot at Cafe Mortarano Las Vegas located in the Rio Hotel 2nd floor over in the Mardi Gras wing. Arriving to the same look and feel from their other two locations in South Florida, I have to admit other than poking my head inside at the Hard Rock Location, I had not yet tried any of the locations for a dining experience.  I have read mixed reviews from everyone and spoken to many persons in and about south FLA who either swear by the place or think it should be black listed. I thought I'd give my own opinion after this event. Arrived as stated Sunday night 9PM very empty for a Holiday weekend, and I'm guessing the Rio Location is the cause. If this place was in one of the more mainstream malls you probably couldn't get into the place.  After some drinks with Bethany at the bar, we moved to our appointed table 5 of us to dine this evening. 

Scott our friendly waiter gave us a rundown and we ordered up some appetizers that showed up in no particular order or together but this is the way it's done as I understand everything fresh & hot.  Homemade Meatball with gravy and ricotta cheese $14, South Philly Cheese steak with caramelized onions and American cheese on a crisp Italian roll $16 and Eggplant Stack with homemade mozzarella, tomato and arugula $23 were the 3 appetizers we chose to share.  Bread was hot and fresh and every single one of the above were 100% on the money. 


We decided on 4 entrees for dinner to split for 5 persons. First was Shrimp Scampi Bread with butter, garlic, tomato, peas and bread crumbs $18 which was an appetizer order that we asked to be bumped up to 5 jumbo shrimp one for everyone.  Veal Cutlet Parmigiana with tender cutlet of veal and fresh mozzarella $30 a Linguine and Fresh Clams in light red or natural white juices $25 and the absolute last but not least Rigatoni with a Sunday Pork Gravy made with fresh pork, San Marzano tomatoes and ricotta cheese $28.  


All I can say is there was not one single solitary thing left in any plate, the food was absolutely delicious on every level, and although I was told family style meant large portions (They aren't) it was a sufficient amount of food to go around.  Two bottles of wine were consumed on moderately priced list, and the 70's disco music in the place was absolutely perfect.  Scott was an Excellent server and giving my own unbiased opinion this was a winner from every vantage point that I can find.   A definite repeat for me on my Vegas runs and will give the Original South Florida location a go when I get a chance. Enjoyed my best meal in Vegas in some time.
