NRn6yqCq3yAh7NtKBt79xQ Who are you people?

Seriously.

Who are you people that are leaving 5 star reviews for this joint? Saying it's the best Italian food you've ever had? Seriously?! Are you from Iowa? Have you ever actually had Italian food at somewhere other than the Olive Garden? How can you possibly say this is the nicest restaurant you've ever been to?!  So many questions.  Look, maybe I'm a snob. Ok, I'm probably a snob, but what sort of witchcraft is happening in these reviews? Dangit, that was another question. 

Tonight, I'm staying at the Rio, so a friend came by and we decided to hit up the most delicious place ever for dinner: Hash House A Go Go. Alas, the Rio Hash House isn't open at any reasonable hour (despite the lies Yelp spreads), so we had to improvise. Italian sounded good, so despite the kind of high prices, we decided to give Martorano's a shot. 

First thing's first: it's a Monday night, not Saturday. I see open tables with my eyes. The girl up front asks if we have a reservation, we say no, and she says there's a 30 minute wait. But. . . there are open tables. . . right there. . . ok, fine. 

We wait. We wait 45 minutes. They finally sit us down.  We order some waters and sodas. The waiter brings back our drinks. . . and tiny plastic soda bottles. You know the ones you put in like, a kid's lunch? The little shorty, half size soda bottles? That. No free refills, because our sodas came from tiny little bottles (THAT THEY CHARGED US $3.50 CENTS A PIECE FOR). 

Fine. Whatever. We  go to order dinner. I tell the waiter I'd like the 'Chicken Downtown' and he immediately asks if I'd like to order something to go with it. I ask what he means. "It just comes with like, you know, a big chicken breast with stuff on it. Nothing else." Oh, so you're charging $30 for a literal piece of chicken with nothing on the side. 

Needless to say, I switched over to pasta carbonara. The bread they bring is good, the olive oil is nice, but the pepper olive oil they bring is. . . not good. It was simultaneously needlessly spicy in a not flavorful way and kind of dull tasting (don't ask me how that makes sense). The Carbonara was alright. We both agreed that had our entrees been $15-$18, we wouldn't be complaining. . . but it was $27 for a bowl of carbonara.  The food isn't bad-- don't get me wrong-- but it ain't great. 

The service was meh. The waiter gave off a definite 'bro' vibe and wasn't very attentive. The guy who handled bread and water though was phenomenal.

The decor is very. . . look, you can tell the owner used to be a DJ. Probably in the 90s. It's just a weird vibe. Flashing lights in dated colors, Godfather posters, disco balls, and then tv screens playing The 300 (???). Look, I can dig Vegas tacky, but if I want that kind of Vegas tacky, I'll hop my butt over to the Fireside Lounge in the Peppermill, thank you very much. 

Now before you think I'm some sort of tasteless pleb, I assure you that I've got no problem paying much more than even that for diner. . . if it's worth it, but this place is NOT worth it. Not by a long shot. And in Vegas of all places? You have so many more options in that price range. 

I'm Italian American and I love quality Italian food. . . but this place ain't it. Don't waste your time and certainly do NOT waste your money. Not in Vegas, not when there are some of the world's best restaurants (even at this price range!) right down the road. 

You want some good Italian? Take a cab to Nora's on Flamingo (#1 on Yelp and half the price!). Or if you want the real good stuff, take a cab a little farther to the other side of the Strip and hit up Sergio's on Tropicana. It's kind of old and tacky and ridiculous. . . but holy mother of goodness, it'll be the best vodka sauce you'll ever have. Oh, and they even refill your sodas for free.


EDIT TO ADD: Sorry, I'm deducting a star. Both me and my dining companion ended up sick today (the next day). She actually threw up, I just felt like I was going to for the better part of the day. I literally ate nothing else yesterday but that dinner + some Starbucks in the morning, so it pretty clearly made us ill. Blech.
