NUHNLaMg7aMesMdAiie73w Compared to other Italian restaurants I've been to, I would have to rate this one a 3 star... maybe a 3.5.

I used to work relatively close to this restaurant and would come here often with friends after work to have a nice relaxing meal and a catch-up.  Unfortunately, since our office moved a few years ago, I haven't been back that often... actually, not at all.

To my surprise, someone brought it up as a suggestion for lunch the other day and I was excited to come back and have my favourite meal at this restaurant; Chicken Carbonara!

As soon as I walked in the door, the aromas took me back to those earlier days; enjoying good food with great friends. Unfortunately, my memory seems to have failed me when it comes to the ambiance of this place. There's plenty of seating in this restaurant but the little added touches (or rather, lack there of) don't do them any favours.

I guess to give you the 'Italian' feel, you are surrounded with plaster reliefs and busts... oh and they've also thrown in a couple of TV's for good measure, one of which was displaying pictures of menu items along with their descriptions. And with that, the ambiance was destroyed.

Also, having gained a little experience over the years, I don't consider machine sliced bread with little packages of butter to be very 'Italian' at all! An Artisan loaf with a little olive oil and perhaps some balsamic vinegar would have been a nicer touch... and in my opinon, not too much to ask for. But I digress.

The menu selection hasn't change much (if at all) with items ranging between $10 - $15.  There's plenty to choose from but I, of course, stuck with my Chicken Carbonara. Chicken breast, bacon, green onion and  parmesan cheese served on spaghetti and tossed in a cream sauce. This dish was exactly how I remembered it and I was happy to have it again.

The service was... generic. Quick and pleasent enough but somewhat non-descript.

Maybe it's true what they say... you can never go back.
