nUpz0YiBsOK7ff9k3vUJ3A O M G. If you are looking for homemade, delicious, traditional, NY Italian food- this is where you need to be. The food in this place tasted like home in Brooklyn in my mother in laws kitchen. The restaurant is in a wing of the Venetian and across the way from it, is Carlo's Bakery. (You can easily access the restaurant from outside the Venetain. Its above the Walgreens close to the Deuce stop. Almost like you are leaving the Ventian and walking towards Palazzo). The restaurant was very pretty with gorgeous views. The vibe is very causual, laid back, like you stopped by a friends house. Any clothing goes. No dress code. Not at all stuffy and pretentious like Giadas. (see review). We had a friend with us from Texas who had never had NY Italian food, so we had to take her there and see if it was authentic. Authentic it was. We started out with the mozzerella and Carozz that was amazing. I got the "Sunday Gravy"- which is exactly how we make it here. You get a bowl of pasta, with a seperate skillet of red meat sauce with meatballs (OMG delish), pork shoulder, lamb. My husband had pasta bolongese. Insanely good. My Texas friend had the lasagne. It was huge and she ate it for 3 days. All portions were big. The food was not pricey. The dessert menu comes in what looks like an old photo album, and it contains pics of a young Buddy and family with his dad, and then pics of him with his own kids. The whole place is decorated in family pictiures in frames on the walls. For dessert, we had the Nutella (yes Nutella) Lava cake!! OMG. Melted Nutella runs out of the center of this lava cake served with Salted Caramel ice cream. There are no words. Get yourself there  ASAP. You will not be sorry. It was so good, we went twice during out 10 day stay. Had to go back for lunch and got more meatballs, eggplant parm and 2 amazing salads. My new fav place in Vegas. Buddy needs to franchise these places out across the country. I hear Buddy is there monthly. Sadly he was there as soon as we got home to Nyc. Cant wait to go back.
