nUpz0YiBsOK7ff9k3vUJ3A WHO: I know all of you are TLC Cake Boss fans like I am, who wouldn't be?! So, for everyone in the world who LOVES Buddy V as much as I do, be a NERD and come eat here (Don't forget the pictures, lol!)

WHERE: Located inside of the Grand Canal Shoppes of the Venetian and or Palazzo.

WHEN: Monday through Sunday from 11:30am-10pm; Friday & Saturday from 11:30am-11pm. & most importantly, Happy Hour from 4:30-6:30pm! =D

WHY: BECAUSE EVERYONE'S DOING IT! Lol, just kidding. Wouldn't you like to take part in a sit-down lunch or dinner with your friends and or family in Buddy V's first restaurant in Las Vegas?! & also because Carlo's Bakery is going to open in a few weeks to months just right across the restaurant! SO PERFECT!

WHAT: The first time I came here, my family and I did dinner. As I walked into the restaurant and to the table, I noticed the perfectly dim ambiance that filled the entire room. I love ROMANTICKLE restaurant settings! It makes me HAPPY! 

Random Tangent: Sometimes I make words up so don't dictionary.com them because it most likely won't be in there. Haha

So as my family and I were seated, we were handed the menus and ordered. I love dinner with family because we purposely order something different so that we can try each other's food! Too good!

FOOD:
Chicken Parm- I personally got the chicken parm, and it was excellent! I wish there could have been a tad bit more spaghetti with it, but overall Yummy!
Margherita pizza- My younger cousin chose this pizza, and I'm glad he did because there were slices for every single one of us! SHARING IS CARING!
Nonna's Lasagna al Forno- My older cousin ordered the lasagna. From the bite I took, I remember wishing I ordered it! It was definitely a hearty meal because there were leftovers! Thumbs up!

DESSERT:
Buddy's XL Lobster Tail- As I was scanning the dessert menu, my eyes suddenly zoomed into this dessert! I absolutely love the flaky pastry shell that enclosed the yummy, creamy, and PERFECT custard cream! (Everytime I go to NY, I search for Lobster Tails!!)
Lisa's Warm Nutella Cake- My cousin is addicted to chocolate, as this made his eyes light up! I loved the hazelnut praline crunch, good touch to the chocolatey goodness!

I still want to try the rest of what's on the dessert menu!!! GIMME GIMME GIMME!

HAPPY HOUR: My cousin and I just made it in time for HH the other day, and we went HAM!
Grandma's Meatballs- The perfect tasty, softy GOODNESS! I love these meatballs!
Macaroni & Cheese Carbonara- I am a mac&cheese fiend! This mac was pretty good. I've never had it with peas, but it actually gave it a sweet taste, GOOD COMBO!
Calamari Fritti- Loved the grilled lemon pinwheels, banana peppers, and the tomato aioli! AIOLI!!
Meatball sliders- We couldn't get enough of the meatballs, so we had to order it in bread!

Lastly, try the "CAKE BOSS" chocolate martini! If you love chocolate & alcohol, it was a really good mix! Tasted exactly like a chocolate cupcake... the only difference is it is in LIQUID FORM, and you may not be able to walk straight after! Lol

Before I continue typing, I am going to STOP and leave you with one thing... ENJOY!! & LET ME KNOW WHEN CARLO'S BAKERY OPENS! HOLLER! =D
