nUpz0YiBsOK7ff9k3vUJ3A Looking back at this experience, I'm actually angry. Maybe it deserves a 2, but this is the worst experience I've had on strip, I expected much better. I feel used, dirty. We had a party of 8, 4 couples. I brought 2 bottles of wine (tempranillo and a cab/syrah) intending to pay the corkage fee, which turned out to be $35 (highest I've ever encountered). The waiter said that since we were Seahawks fans and he was too (night before the super bowl) he would waive one of the fees if we tipped him more, more or less, even though he'd rather see us enjoy an Italian wine with dinner.  After examining the wine list we opted for the ones I brought. The waiter also informed us that since we were a big party we should take advantage of an "appetizer platter" for us all to share, meats, cheeses and salad, sold to us as a family style Italian sharing experience. We talked it over and all agreed it sounded good. Then we ordered our entrees, 1 couple opted to split the ravioli, my boyfriend ordered the lasagna and I planned on ordering the small margherita pizza so we could share. When I tried to order my margherita the waiter told me it was really small, just an appetizer, I told him I wanted small because I wasn't terribly hungry and didn't want leftovers, he insisted I should get the chicken alla vodka because they had just won an award for it, I asked if it was small, he said "oh yes, very small" and gestured with his hands. I caved, and ordered it, after all, I do love pasta and vodka sauce.  Appetizers came shortly after, 2 different salads, 2 meat/cheese/bread platters, calamari, and the meatballs (6). It was all ok, nothing spectacular, but one of the salads was pretty good (it had arugula, yum), and the meatballs were pretty good (nothing compared to Casa di Amore's off-strip though). The entrees came and my pasta was huge (bigger than he implied at least, average dish size for most restaurants though). My noodles were undercooked and the chicken was incredibly dry, sauce was decent, but not enough to make the chicken palatable.  I gave away most of my dish to the couple who split the ravioli, as they were pretty underwhelmed with theirs too, and thought mine was a slight improvement. I took one ravioli in exchange and nibbled my boyfriend's lasagna which was actually pretty amazing (in comparison), meanwhile kicking myself that I didn't just stick with the pizza.  The check came, north of $400, turns out the appetizers were all billed separately, so we should have just ordered what we wanted to begin with.  Looking back I'm convinced that the waiter only wanted me to have the more expensive entree, not the one I'd be happy with, and it angers me that he wouldn't just take my order as I intended. I suppose I've learned my lesson, stay away from gimmicky strip restaurants, stick to your guns, and recognize the upselling. What a swindle, this waiter put used car salesmen to shame, I've never felt more used after a dining experience, and the food was mediocre at best. I'm pretty sure he wasn't really a Seahawks fan either. Buyer beware. We'll stick with Casa in the future.
