nyM76RUyFzekHHmYEU-KBQ The food was so delicious and of such bang for the buck that I promised the owners I'd write a review to make up for their lackluster name.

Let me just start off with that this is a restaurant I frequent whenever I'm around Dundas Square or Dundas and university.  Yes the restaurant's decor doesn't strike class.  Yes the name sounds like they serve rabbit food.  Yes the restaurant is family run and by Indians.  But this restaurant is like EPIC (Fairmont Royal York Hotel's restaurant) constantly on winterlicious - and yes this means they serve meat, all kinds in fact.  Menu is flat at $25, which includes appetizers, a main course, and dessert.

Of the many times I go, I often stick with the garnished and delicious fried calamari as appetizer, which amidst the splash of colours presentation has a light but delicious accompanying sauce.  Presentation is definitely top notch here - the vibrant decorations but no cheaping out on the quantity.

For the main course I've had the lamb, chicken, salmon and pork chops - none of which has been disappointing.  I would even go so far to describe the entrees gourmet.  The lamb, especially, on one occasion was so succulent and tender that just pressing against it with the knife had juices coming out.  Needless to say the flavour was spot on, and without any game-y smell.  Each main dish is generally compensated with diverse food groups so ma can't scold you on skimping veggies.  In almost all visits, I hardly have any stomach for dessert after the first two meals.

But you can always eat dessert, especially if the menu has Lindt chocolate ice-cream, Mango Coconut Panna Cotta and others.  In fact, even the dessert is garnished!  The Lindt chocolate ice cream comes with fruits and a cone wedge, and distinctly screams class with its rich Lindt flavour.  The Mango Panna Cotta feels home made and fresh and is vibrantly decorated to eye candy the stomach candy.

Service is standard, the family tries their best to make customers happy (perhaps despite their cultural barriers).  But what gets to me every time .. is how did I just eat a gourmet full course meal like that, and leave full, for a mere $25?
