nyM76RUyFzekHHmYEU-KBQ I came here a few years ago during the Summerlicious craze and I ended up coming back here time and time again because the food is consistent, and the service is fantastic. Don't be fooled by the interior decor, it almost looks like a cheap cafeteria, but they are a no-frills sort of place where their main focus is just on serving you good food using local ingredients.

I have come here a number of times and tried a bunch of different entrees: salmon, pork, lamb, and liver. The pork was my definite favourite. The lamb for me was a little too salty, and while the liver had great flavour, I don't think a large chunk of liver makes a good steak - the taste of liver becomes a bit too much when you eat a big portion of it. The entrees come with a lot of vegetables, which isn't seasoned very much (or at all even) to balance out the flavour of the entrees - although some might think it's a little *too* bland.

Overall though, I would still be happy to eat any of the dishes again- and their portions are quite generous. Their appetizers were always good - had the quail once and that was fantastic, the soft-shelled crab has a nice flavour, and their spicy fried chicken has a good kick to it. Both of their dessert choices - the panna cotta and the Lindt chocolate ice cream (so so good if you like chocolate ice cream) - make you want to come back here just for the desserts. The food isn't necessary going to be presented in a way that'll get you hundreds of likes on Instagram, but at the end of the day, that's not what food is for.

The price of this place is a big attractive factor. I have no idea how this place profits with such generous portions for only $25 for a 3-course meal. Everyone who works here seems to really value what they do, and it's always a pleasure to stop by when I have a chance. Just don't judge this place right away when your menu comes printed on a red 8 1/2 by 11 paper, which later doubles as your place mat - It's all about the food.
