O6rGW7A7l_125-xzTZkRLQ My wife and I went to Sassi for our anniversary.  The food we had was very good.  The building and decor were nice but I don't think I appreciated it as much as some of the people that raved about it.  

My wife had the Wood Roasted Beets appetizer ($8), mint, tangerine agrumato and 20 year old Balsamic which she liked, but I thought it was just beets and it wasn't great.  I had Insalata Misticanza (salad ~ $12) Organic greens and vegetables, lemon honey vinaigrette which we both thought was very good.  It was big enough to share.  

Other reviews indicated the pasta was very good, and our waiter recommended any of the three fresh, made on site, pasta dishes.  I ordered his top recommendation Orechiette con Salciccia ($20) and it was fabulous.   It had lots of spicy sausage made at the restaurant, which I loved.  My wife ordered Ricotta Gnocci ($22)  It was good too, but not as good as the Orechiette, I thought.

The chef, Peter J. DeRuvo, walked though the restaurant and stopped at our table to say hello and see if we liked the food.  He was very nice, and we enjoyed talking with him.  

The waiter recommended an Italian red wine at $18 a glass that was very good.

The restaurant sent us an anniversary desert for two that was very nice.  We didn't ordered it but enjoyed it.  We were surprised when the bill came and they charged us $12 for the desert.  We happily paid for it anyway.  So be careful about telling them it's your anniversary or birthday if you don't want to pay for a desert.  There don't seem to be any free special occasion deserts at Sassi.

Our meal with tax was $105 before tip.

We dressed up a bit, but there were people that were dressed very casually.  The wait staff was very formal so I would have been uncomfortable dressed very casual.

I recommend you call the restaurant for directions because Yahoo Maps gave us wrong directions.  Don't take Pinnacle Peak road east of Pima road.  Take Happy Valley road east of Pima to Alma School road and turn left.  Go about a mile north on Alma School and Sassi will be on your left at Pinnacle Peak Parkway.  East to spot once there. 

I would recommend this restaurant.
