O6rGW7A7l_125-xzTZkRLQ My boyfriend and I booked a reservation at the Four Seasons and forgot to make a reservation for dinner for New Year's Eve, so all of their tables were booked. We asked the concierge for dinner recommendations, and she recommended Sassi's, so we went ahead and booked after looking online at the menu and positive reviews. 

We were not able to get a reservation until 9:00, but when we arrived the restaurant was mostly empty. When we got our menus, we were dismayed to see that it was a prix fixe menu that included items we can't eat because we don't eat gluten and dairy (almost every course included some sort of cream or gluten, such as a butternut squash panna cotta, cheesy polenta, bruschetta, etc, whereas their regular menu did not). So when our waitress came we told her that we don't eat gluten and dairy, and asked if they could leave the cheese off the polenta and maybe just give us a salad instead of the panna cotta. She told us that she wanted our evening to be stellar, and that the chef would specially prepare dishes for us. So we felt extremely lucky that the chef would do that for us, and waited in hungry anticipation while other tables munched on their bread and bruschetta, wondering what would miraculously appear.

A few minutes go by, and the waitress comes by and asks how we're doing. We say fine. A few minutes later, the same ritual. This goes on and on and on. My boyfriend jokes that his mouth hurts from having to smile every five minutes and pretend that we're so happy for getting this special meal made for us, when actually he's starving and feeling sick from the lack of food. More time goes by. The waitress comes by and explains that since the chef is preparing not one but two special dishes for us, our food will come out later than other peoples' food. We smile ingratiatingly and say yes, thank you so much. We continue to stare at other people eating their first course, their second course, their third course. After about an hour and fifteen minutes, we're really sad. Our plastered smiles have turned into grimaces, and the next time the waitress comes by we whine at her. "Can't you bring us SOMETHING? Some olives, some nuts?" we plead sadly. She tells us that she is aware of the situation, that she has been watching and seen that no food has been brought to us, and that from this moment on the evening will be turned around for us. It's 10:30 by now, and we have gone through hunger to a state in which we are almost not hungry anymore but just feel sick. 

About two minutes later, she appears with a plate of fried balls, telling us with great relish that the chef has prepared these chick pea fritters for us. My boyfriend eyes the fried balls suspiciously. "Do you trust these?" he asks anxiously. "Don't they look breaded?" "No, they're fine," I insist. So we each took a bite. He practically spit his out. "Something's not right," he said. "It's not that bad, really," I said. I wanted him to eat something because he was so starving, but he was like a cat with a dish of the wrong catfood placed in front of him. To tell the truth, they really were horrible, and plus they were not even hot and I suspect they were leftovers. A few minutes later the waitress passed by and eyed the plate of uneaten fried balls. I ate one more to make it look like we liked them. She passed by several more times, each time surreptitiously sneaking a glance at the plate of neglected balls. I forced myself to eat one more. A few minutes later and we each got a tiny salad consisting of a couple of slices of hard tomato, some hazelnuts and pomegranate seeds, a vinaigrette, and some shaved bits of curly lettuce. Utterly tasteless.  Now my boyfriend started to get angry. "Why did it take them an hour and a half to come up with this totally unremarkable salad?" he said with a choke in his voice. He is a salad eater, and gets emotional about bad salads. 

After that the dishes came in quick succession: about THREE OUNCES of a decent mushroom risotto, and then the entrees. One was a horrible veal thing which consisted of two slices of a cold, white, chewy, tasteless mystery meat over equally tasteless white beans along with a little chunk of veal cheek stew which was okay but also cold. The other entree was one miniscule and very bland quail which was at least served hot, over the same white beans. We almost could not eat the veal and the beans, and left half the beans although we had so far received only a few ounces of food. For dessert we requested just fruit, but she said they didn't have fruit "because we only have fruits in season," and instead brought us sorbet. We didn't want sugar but the sorbet was decent. 

No prices on the menu - then the bill came. Almost $400, with only one glass of wine and a Pellegrino. That was the worst expensive meal we've ever had. The other diners didn't look too happy either. They would have been starving as well, if not for the bread, which they devoured like wild animals.
