2LOTz08OPRyA0ibJImJRbQ Took my family to Impasto for a special occasion and I had high expectations but was still very impressed by almost everything.
First things first: The staff is incredible. As soon as I approached the front door, one of the waiters rushed to open the door for me and welcome me in. Most of my family was already seated, so I joined them, and our waiter immediately came to see me to fill my water glass and take my drink order. My mother is the kind of person who'll ask random, unnecessary questions about any restaurant she's in, and our waiter was totally patient with her when he really didn't need to be. My father, being as clumsy as he is, spilled his glass of wine on the table and a staff member cleaned up the mess right away; he couldn't have been kinder or more polite, even as the rest of us felt kind of embarrassed.

Next: The food. Fantastic. I found most of the portions a little small for the price, but just can't deny the quality of the ingredients used. The waiter recommended a half-portion of pasta for everyone ordering a secondo (meat dish) afterward, even if we had ordered three secondi for four people. A half-portion of the longer pastas, like pappardelle, looked especially small, but the lobster pappardelle in particular were so rich and buttery that maybe a larger portion would've been too heavy. The margherite (stuffed with a mascarpone and pea filling) were perfect. A half-portion of those wasn't ridiculously small but I loved them so much I could easily have eaten more. Hard recommend. Impasto's famous ricotta gnocchi are amazing but I think I liked the margherite even more.
The secondi were just as delicious and beautifully plated as the primi - the veal cheek was tender, the quail was flavourful and moist, and the porchetta was delicious (I say this as someone who doesn't usually love porchetta.)
I had the ricotta cake for dessert and it was perfect: cake-y, with a really nice ricotta flavour, not too heavy, not too sweet. I don't think anyone could resist it, no matter how they feel about dessert.

Overall, the delicious food, friendly, professional service, and laid-back vibe of Impasto make it just about perfect.
