-j0CbYvlwuJ3Tfx__X38gA I booked this dinner date with much anticipation. By the time the day arrived the air had been invaded by the shade of white. The roads were covered with a sloppy mess and I had been steamrolled by sickness. My anticipation had turned to worry and a medicated haze. Alas I arrived, in the entrance I handed a young women my coat but not before snagging the tissues from it. The room was filled with a cozy house like glow with warmth that seemed to dripping from the seams. I was seated along with my date near the entrance, my heart immediately was happy to be seated but my brain knew we would catch a slight draft from the outside world. I ignored the bittersweet island I had now made port with and focused on the drink list. I immediately spotted my wine of choice a Malbeck from the colorful plethora of alcohol choices. They said I shouldn't have more than three alchoholic beverages with my meds, I took that as an invitation to drink as if it was a good idea..

The appetizers seem to scream eat me so I couldn't deny my stomach and I went with the sauteed calamari. It was if the squid had decided that it's last dying wish was to appease some unaware future predator which happened to be me. It was excellent. 

After the wikipedialike information filled specials list was sounded off by our waiter Nikki. I had decided to choose a steak smothered in mushrooms, it sounded most delicious. Unaware was I of one of the many things that makes Joeseph Tambellines so special is their weekly pasta dish that is served with every meal. I, a then fallen victim of oil and bread, calamari, the soup that came with my entree was now being faced with yet another course to battle with. The pasta was great and truly was surprising. By the time I had gotten to my entree I was struggling. I then with sad struggling eyes looked up...

There sat on a plate what seemed like half of a cow. The steak could have been mistaken for the size of a deflated basketball, a festival of meat disguised in the surface area of a sheet cake. I wanted to cry both in joy and and fear. 

I attempted to conquer the beast but it was sadly beyond the likes of me. Soon after I was approach with the killing blow from Joseph Tambellines...dessert.

I offered up a treaty with my date as to share something since I was becoming lifeless due to the IV of solids I was unexpectedly hooked up to. We decided on the creme brulee and were very impressed. The flavors truly were captured, a fitting way to mark my food grave.

All in all, Joseph Tamebellines is an experience that must be taken one course at a time, with caution mind you. For those risk takers out there who love to test the limits of their ability to be overly satisfied, this is the place for you.
