OASX1Yrgq_7R1PsYpixRcw My wife and I decided to try Venezia's tonight, since we just saw a promotion on ABC 15. We've never heard of it before. Got the address from their web-site, and my GPS says no such address exists! Apparently, this particular Venezia's has only been open for about two months. We found the place easily enough. It's a large building, hard to miss, really. 

They have four flat screen monitors mounted in portrait mode to display all of their menu items and prices. Its the nicest menu-system of any restaurant (chain or otherwise.)

You walk up to the counter, place your order and pay for it. You'll get your drink cups and a number placard. Seat yourself. As I previously mentioned, this place is huge! (The restrooms, not so much. One person (of each gender) at a time with a locked door. So, the wait can be a while (depending on who's in there and why...)

There are two ice machines and beside each one is a tiny touch-screen Pepsi-products dispenser. Apparently, this is Pepsi's way of responding to those giant all-in-one touch-screen Coca-Cola machines? I touch the screen to get started, select Pepsi and then it wants to know what flavor i want to add. Four are listed - cherry, lemon, etc... I ignore those and push the dispense button. I must say, I am not a fan of these machines. All I want is a regular soda. Not diet, not rootbeer, not flavored! I imagine at least 75% who use these machines select 'Pepsi' or 'Coke', so why not have a button that takes you to the most common item selected instead and a different button to go through all those menu's?
  
The food was brought to our table. We started with an order of 'medium' chicken wings, and they really good. The sauce was closer to HOT than MEDIUM, so next time I'll order mild. They're served with some celery sticks and carrots and, of course, ranch dressing. 

About half-way through the wings, they delivered our pizza to our table. A small pepperoni and mushroom pizza. They asked if there was anything we would like removed from the table (used plates, trash, etc...). That's a nice touch!

They claim the pizza is "New York Style" but New York is a big place and there are many different styles of pizza there. Most "New York Style" restaurants I dine at are nothing at all like restaurants in New York! But, I'm pleased to say Venezia's is truly New York style.

I don't like how they put the toppings under the cheese. Doesn't that make them underlings instead of toppings? TOPpings. TOP. T-O-P.... okay, I think I made my point on this one. The pepperoni doesn't get crispy because it's hidden beneath the cheese. It's hard to tell which pizza is which if you order different toppings on each one. Good luck with that treasure hunt!

That OCD aside, the crust was thin (not cracker-like, just thin) and the sauce was more like a marinara. I have a hard time describing the sauce. It's different and I can't decide if it's disgusting or my new favorite thing. This is a tough one. I'll have to process this by eating a few more pizzas and I'll follow-up here once I decide.

The edges of the crust and the top of the cheese were brown and had these little dark-brown areas showing if it cooked any longer, it'd be burned. That's how you cook a pizza! Everyone talks about the cheese, sauce, crust, atmosphere of the restaurant, prices, service, and NO ONE EVER talks about the art of knowing how to properly cook one. Trust me, it's a lost art, but its alive and well at Venezia's!

With a salad, our total was $29.00. I think it was fair for the price. I think we'll have to go back and try it again. Servers were all very friendly. The place is clean and it doesn't get too loud. Food came out within 10 minutes of ordering it - that's impressive! I just don't know about that pizza sauce, though...
