OBG1j517k7aZRNC1HAL0TA Finally got around to trying Fabricca. I went there with my 2 1/2 year old and my husband on a Sunday night and I was impressed. Not wowed but definitely a place I would return to. The food and service was great. Even though we arrived quite late, the restaurant still kept our reservation for us. 

It is more of family oriented place than McEwan's other restaurants. Several other tables also had young children. Our server was really nice. A little bit of a hipster but we won't fault him for that. Har har. We ordered two of the Julius Caesar cocktails and they were probably the best caesars we have ever had. My husband orders caesars everywhere we go and he really enjoyed this one. It was smooth, flavourful, yet it packed a decent punch. It wasn't too strong, which was perfect, because when I'm at dinner I don't want to get drunk! 

We ordered the salami platter with the three artisanal cheeses. They forgot the cheese and then ended up bringing it about 20 minutes later which was unfortunate. I had the Orata with the creamed kale on the side and my husband had the Linguine nero. My toddler had a kid favorite--buttered penne with parmesan cheese. They were very quick to bring out her pasta and very accommodating to her. She likes her parmesan on the side, and at least three bowls of it (LOL) and he was more than happy to indulge her. My fish was absolutely fabulous. Perfectly cooked, beautiful flavours. I could eat it daily. The creamed kale, not so much. WAY too much of it and way too heavy. Not so good. Hubby really enjoyed his pasta. My daughter ate her entire bowl of pasta which was pretty big. Delicious food with an obvious high standard.

For dessert, my daughter wanted 'ice cream' from that gelato place at the Don Mills Shops that had already closed. So our lovely waiter pretended to put on his 'cape' and turn into a superhero with his secret key to fly to the ice cream place and get her ice cream. He was awesome and my kid totally bought it. He asked what ice cream she wanted and she said "pink and white". A few minutes later, he returned with pink and white gelato for her. The kitchen completely indulged her and it was amazing. Then they let her take a peek in the kitchen and everyone treated her like a tiny queen. Great staff and other than the cheese plate bobble, great service. 

All in all, I would return. The food is fantastic, atmosphere is warm and inviting, and service has a high standard. However, I think this place is WAY overpriced. You are paying a premium for the McEwan name when, quite frankly, you can get the same dishes at any nice Italian place for half the price. We paid $200 for our meal which was overblown for what we had. Not crazy unreasonable but $30-something for a simple piece of fish at a family oriented non-fancy restaurant is a bit much. Anyway, regardless, I give this place 4 stars with a star taken off for service mistakes and high price. Also, I like that you can pick up your packed up food at the coat check when you leave. Nice little touch.
