ODlST50VSMzUMd0kmDpQgw I'm doing it. I'm going for the five. I can't believe I'm saying this of a chain, but I would recommend this place for a group dinner easily. I could find nothing wrong with our visit here and I wouldn't hesitate to come back. The only circumstantial hinge is that I really think it is better as a large group setting/restaurant. 

We came as a large group...well...it wasn't so simple. We came as four people that were POTENTIALLY to be joined by 2-8 more people. I really give the staff that we dealt with a lot of credit because we were confusing with a capital C that night. 

We opted to sit at the bar after putting a reservation in for a tentative party of 10 people. (Tentative meaning we were having communication issues and I didn't plan the shindig, otherwise, the whip would have been cracking and decisions would have been made. ;) )The bartenders were quite the dynamic duo, messing with each other and giving us an equally friendly and welcomed hard time. They were incredibly accommodating, seeing as we sat down, got our beers, took a sip and were quickly met with the rest of our unplanned group. We only got a short time with them, but those bartenders were great. We even got some bread and dipping oil while we had a short wait. This was important because I was starving and lacking faith in the swift arrival of the rest of our group. 

When we were joined and sat down in the dining area, we ended up at a booth and a table, which worked out for us pretty well. Our server was incredibly polite and patient, which I always get worried about when I'm with large groups. My pleases and thank yous are even that much more prominent when I feel like the server has a bit of a hassle to deal with. We got a seafood appetizer because if I see mussels on a menu and haven't heard horror stories, I must have them. Obsessed. The mussels were delicious, as were the shrimp, though heavily buttered and a little overwhelming. The calamari was also good, but I was way too focused on the mussels. We got the chicken saltimbocca (TO SHARE; remember, folks, these are sharing plates. Listen to your server and be honest when they ask if you've ever been here before!) and it was divine. The flavors were matched perfectly and it was a great combination of some of my favorite things! Lemon, artichoke hearts and capers! LOVE. The leftovers were even mouth watering. The rest of the dishes, from what I heard further down the booth, were equally as tantalizing. 

I'm not lying when I say I was pleasantly surprised by the quality and flavors of this meal. The atmosphere was warm and welcoming, the staff was the equivalent and the food was perfect.
