OgANEur7Bt8YJSd2uSm6yA My husband prefers Pizza Hut to most other big pizza delivery chains and I do like their chicken.  This is the only reason we gave this location a second chance after they botched our order a few months ago.  

The first order was easy: one pizza and a few orders of wings.  Delivery took close to three hours. We called the franchise several times and were told each time that our food was "on the way."  I've googled the distance between this location and our home.  According to Google, it takes 13 minutes to get from their door to ours in normal traffic.  Add cook time, other deliveries, and a courtesy period for (imaginary) traffic and it still shouldn't take 3 hours.  I could have driven to Raleigh, ordered pizza there, and received it faster.  The delivery guy stated that he was their only person doing deliveries that day, so I was willing to give him the benefit of the doubt and assume this was a fluke.  Additionally, the manager did credit us with $20 towards our next order, though.  While nobody was rude during this encounter, nobody seemed overly concerned with the shotty customer experience.  Apathy, now a functioning business practice.

Yesterday, we gave this Pizza Hut another shot.  We placed an online order: 2 medium pizzas with only pepperoni and 1 order of wings.  We received the order confirmation via email and 45mins later a phone call from a NY area-coded cell phone stating that our credit card was declined and then the call dropped.  So at this point, we don't know who the phone number belongs to or if someone is trying to rip us off.  An hour and a half in, I called the store and was told by the employee that our order status was fine and that the pizza had already been sent out.  No apology for the delay or the explanation for the cell phone call.  At the two hour still-no-food mark, we received another call from the bad-reception NY cell phone.  It's the manager. He apologized for the bad reception, which was because he was under the Viaduct (the only Viaduct I know close to Charlotte is in the mtns). He stated our credit card was declined, but that it was sent out as a cash order.  I asked why they'd send an order out that was declined, what if I didn't have cash, and why the store didn't ask for another credit card when I called... no answer to either question.  The manager, I'm pretty sure Drew, said our order would be free and to just tell the delivery guy when he arrived.  To recap: the BUSINESS solution was for the us to tell the delivery guy that his manager said we didn't have to pay; we quickly placed an order with HH Gregg for a new TV based on this gem - "No no, it's cool, bring our new curved OLED right in. I know you haven't received payment yet, but your manager said it was cool."  Again, when the pizza came, it was cold. And again, the delivery guy stated he was the ONLY person who was doing deliveries as they were again short-staffed.  It begs the question: why was the manager hiking at the Viaduct when he probably could have been helping his staff meet delivery obligations?

Stoners of the world, rejoice, because here's your ticket to free food:  Step 1 Order 2.5 - 3 hours before you actually want to eat, Step 2 An hour into your wait, call asking where your food is (you'll be told that order has already been sent out), Step 3 Wait another hour and get baked, Step 4 Call again (because there is no chance in hell you would have received your food by now) and express your sincere displeasure at which point they will half-heartedly apologize and comp your order, Step 5 You food will arrive, tip or don't tip, that's on you, but just know the I'm-The-Only-Driver schtick has been in place for 3-4 months already, Step 6 reheat and eat your food.  On second thought, six steps might be too many for stoners. 

Will we order again? No.
