oJSa5HCiZXKLXxggQmecEQ I've been foiled a few times in attempts to get to Campagnolo, but last night, lo and behold, my efforts were fulfilled.  And how!

My date and I were walking by and, rather than taking the extra 10 minutes to get to the Ossington strip (in the chill), I suggested we pop in, just to see what the table situation was like.  We were greeted warmly, and after checking their reservation list, we were treated to a seat by the large front window.  The hostess was quick with providing us some water while we looked over the menus, and it wasn't long until our server - who, may I say, almost made the evening! - came by to answer questions, give recommendations, and the like. 

The first standout feature of the evening was the food.  We shared the burreta cheese on toasted bread with grapes, though had I known how incredibly delicious it would be, I may not have agreed to share!  Both our dinners were pastas, which I couldn't even pretend to be able to spell, and both were exceptional.  Just filling and rich enough that neither I nor Date were overly stuffed, but satisfied.  We finished with a caramel ...thing for desert.  I say "thing" solely because I don't recall in the slightest how to spell it.  Our partnering wine was also lovely; I'm a red girl, so there was certainly no lack of options for me!

The second standout was the service.  It was a Sunday night, which has at times spelled disaster in the service department.  Not the case last night!  Our server was so enthusiastic and passionate about the food, like a case of the chicken pox, it was almost infectious!  His recommendations pretty much drove our dinner choices, from the wine to dessert, and they totally stood up.  Not only that, but between the two other servers and hostess, someone was always seeming to be around to check on us or clear a plate.  And that's even with a party of about 20 in house!

I don't think I could have created a better evening; Date may have Campagnolo to thank for my agreeing to go out a second time ;)
