oKDgBUyIdiutzkIK8a9Zew I travel a lot for work and tend to order from Pizza Hut often. It's convenient and the food is decent so it gets the job done. I've never really had a bad experience with Pizza Hut until this particular time. I placed my order through the mobile site for delivery and within about 5 minutes, I received a phone call from the store. I had ordered the "big dinner box" with 2 pizzas, breadsticks, and chicken wings. The conversation started out with the worker telling me they didn't have any sauce for the breadsticks. Totally cool, I can do without the marinara sauce, throw some extra ranch in there and everything is good. Then the worker proceeded to tell me that they didn't have any boxes for the "big dinner" special. The size or shape of the box doesn't make the pizza taste any worse or better. I told the worker it didn't matter to me, throw it all in a regular box. At this point the worker told me to please hold because she needed to speak to her manager. This was weird to me because why would you need to speak to a manager about a pizza box size? Anyways, the worker returned to the phone and told me that they didn't have the right cooking pan to make the "big dinner box" special pizza. At this point I'm completely baffled by all of this and have a feeling like they aren't trying to deliver my pizza. And c'mon, your name is Pizza Hut, you can't be serious trying to tell me you don't have a certain pizza pan. So I proceeded to tell the worker to scratch the "big dinner box" special and give me 2 large pepperoni pizzas, with breadsticks and wings. Once again I am put on hold. Waiting patiently, and at this point, very hungry because I've been talking about pizza for the past 10 minutes. The worker returns to the phone and tells me that it's going to be about an hour and a half to 2 hour wait for my pizza to arrive. Now that feeling of them not wanting to deliver my pizza seemed most definitely real. I told them to cancel my order because I wasn't trying to eat dinner at 10 o'clock at night. I asked if I would receive an email saying the order was canceled and the worker proceeded to tell me that she didn't know and I would need to get in contact with my bank in order to verify the refund. At this point, the $43.29 just didn't seem that important anymore to figure out while I was hungry. The worker hung up without an apology for the inconvenience or anything along those lines. Very poor performance from Pizza Hut, especially since I've been an customer since I was a little kid. Two thumbs down on both customer service and food quality, since my food never existed
