oKZPgeCOxnVSxudYcn1OtQ My girlfriends and I purchased on Groupon a few months ago a pass to have brunch at Cibo for only $17. It sounded well worth it for a buffet.

We reached the destination and were greeted by friendly and polite hostess' who showed us to our seats. I love the décor in Cibo as it has a Classy Rustic style. Light wooden floors and tables with rusty colored brown leather seating. The lighting  in Cibo also highlighted food areas. Our waitress instantly brought us each a glass of Perseco bubbly which came with our breakfast voucher. 

We started at the omelette making station where they had the options of adding regular omelette options with a few extra twists such as marinated herb spiced peppers, Italian ground sausage, and caramelized onions. My omelette/scrambled eggs turned out delicious I must say. My only issue with the omelette station was the area where you pick up bacon/sausage and potato's. They had it cooked in this huge steaming machine, but it wasn't opened so you had to lift it yourself and burn yourself! Me and my girlfriends tried a few times until we had to ask for someone to open it and have it propped so that people don't burn themselves trying to access the food.

They also had a cheese table with gouda, parmesan, mozzarella and I think white cheddar. They had brie beside bowls of honey and walnuts...I drizzed those bad boys on my brie and it was soooo delicious! A cold meats deli section was set up beside the cheese with Prosciutto, spicy salami and a few other regular selections like turkey and ham. Beside that table was a fresh bread and croissant basket with peanut butter, jam and butter spread.

I went back for my second plate of food to get this Mexican rice concoction that had melted cheese over it, some amazing risotto balls and some shrimp in marinara sauce. I have to say, the shrimp although cooked tasted under cooked, and didn't have much flavor. It could have had some black pepper and salt or maybe even some herb seasoning.

The had a pizza station where a chef was making whatever pizza you choose and putting it in a wood fired oven. MMMM that tasted just amazing! I also ate from the pasta station where you had your choice of fresh pasta cooked with either Red, White or Rose sauce. I chose the white sauce and added my own fresh ingredients by choice. It tasted soooo good!

I strongly recommend you save the Pizza and Pasta station for last b/c they are BIG servings for a buffet. The pasta dish was as big as a lunch portion at a regular restaurant and the pizza easily had 6 slices even though it's thin crust. If you eat those first, you probably won't have enough room for anything else. I couldn't eat all mine. 

Such a great experience, beautiful venue and scrumdiddlyumcious food!
