omQzbXpCURIShYYeBREO_A Mixed feelings mein friends, mixed feelings.

As in so many other cases, I have passed by Rocco's Plum Tomato dozens of times before actually trying it.  But on the plus side, that means I get out alot!  And I love the Annex.  Nothing like brunch on Sunday and then poking around BMV Books.

I was struck by the outside appearance of this restaurant and the fact that there are almost always people in the windows.  A good restaurant tends to have occupants.  If you pass by that anonymous "Chinese Food" restaurant with no one ever in it, there's probably a reason why.  There are beautiful painted wood carvings/signs outside Rocco's, and it has a friendly and fun feel to it.   I didn't realize it was an Italian restaurant until we were inside, but it was a nice surprise.

We actually sat on the patio, despite the fact that is was a prematurely chilly late-summer day.  Bundle up and tough it out Canadians!  Winter will be here before we know it, and you have to enjoy every precious second of patio weather.

I made the mistake of coming to the restaurant extremely hungry, and therefore everything on the menu sounded wonderful.  Too many things to try and only one stomach!  What a pity.

On the plus side, there was lots of pasta, pizzas, and Italian sandwiches to choose from.  I selected a chicken pizza, and my companion chose a sausage pizza.  I honestly would have rather shared, but we can never agree on toppings.  She thinks chicken on a pizza is the oddest combination ever.

On the down side, they had a limited selection of draft beers.  Heineken - $6.50, Keith's White and Pale Ale $5.50 and Coors Light $4.25.  I decided to get the import.  Not sure if it was worth it or not, but there's no way in hell I'm ordering Coors.

They brought us some fresh Italian bread sliced in a delightful fashion; thinly, almost like a pie.  As well as some olive oil with herbs, and balsamic vinegar to dunk it in.  I hadn't tried this before, but it was great!

About the time that our pizza arrived, so did the onslaught of wasps.  This is my Achilles heel of patio weather.  I love sitting outside, but I HATE stinging insects and my companion is allergic.  So we ended up jumping around the blissfully empty patio every minute or so when Mr. Stingy came to say hi.  Eventually we were able to swat it to death with a copy of Sports Illustrated.   "Ahhh sweet relief." 

Then two more wasps came to avenge their fallen comrade!!  

Good lord.  This was the straw that broke the camel's back.  We moved inside to finish our pizzas.  This honestly ruined the experience.  The only consolation to us was that winter was approaching, and all the wasps would die.  Yay!

The food was very good, although I agree with the first reviewer in that it wasn't cheap.

I'm in no rush to go back.  But I suppose if I'm ever really confused, hungry and disoriented in the Annex, it's a good fallback.
