-j0CbYvlwuJ3Tfx__X38gA Good service and good food! Pricey but good. However, I am slightly tempted to give it a 3.75 star instead of 4. Read on to find out why!

My fiancé and I came here for my birthday. And with my friend's recommendation from
before I was excited and had high expectations. They were friendly when they greeted us at the door, and led us upstairs to our seats after taking our jackets. Very nice and professional service just as I expected. We came on a Wednesday so there weren't many people and I enjoyed the quietness.

Once we sat down we decided to start with some drinks. Since it was also around VDay, they had some yumm cocktails. I ordered on e and had a great time sipping on it. Would go try their other special cocktails again in the future. For appetizers, we got the crab salad and that was definitely delicious. And OmG in LOVE with their bread dipping sauce - Olive oil and garlic. Without a doubt one of the better ones I have had in the past. We did a soup and salad, they were good but nothing too outrageous for me to comment on.

Moving onto the entree, because I saw a lot of reviews raving about their tomato basil sauce I really wanted to try that but I also wanted to try a steak....dilemma.... But this part I really like about their menu offerings - if you order a special entree it comes with pasta with tomato basil sauce!! Bam!! Problem solved!! I got their special Delmonico steak with mushrooms on top. So here is where the 3.75 star comes in. Aside from the fact it was a nice piece of steak, I don't think they put enough effort and creativity into cooking it. It tasted just like something I could make at home (although the fiancé may disagree). Being at a pricey place, I want to feel that you out time and effort into every dish. Don't get me wrong, I enjoyed my steak a lot being the steak lover that I am....but I wasn't exactly wowed.. Presentation of the steak was also vey so-so. I would go back again but idk if I want to order their steak again. Their tomato basil sauce with the pasta was good! So maybe I would give pasta a try instead.
My fiancé ordered seafood Melissa and I do believe he thoroughly enjoyed the dish.

Last but not least, it was the dessert. Tried their butterscotch pound cake. It was fine but it wasn't anything out of the ordinary...probably another reason I gave it 3.75. And oh it was my actual birthday, I thought I could at least get a free bday dessert for spending all this money...but nope we got charged for every last item haha. Oh well...

Regardless, the place is worth trying at least once before you make your final decision!
