oSI3qAZI_zhd91twB-ivqA There are people who are going to travel to Italy at some point in their lives, and others who are from metropolitan areas around the USA who  have experienced much better Italian food than this. I'm certainly not  a 1 percenter, or snob or whatever, but I have a valid basis for comparison. Tutti Santi is good relative to whats around the West Valley. But it falls far short of excellence.
Lets begin with the appetizers. My wife and I were going to share the mussels and clams in red sauce. Of course I realize that getting fresh seafood in the Southwest is difficult. Allow for the fact that seafood on the east or west coast should always be fresh. But the mollusks brought to our table were badly decomposed. I tried a mussel and a clam and spit both out. I wanted to try the sauce by dipping the bread in it, but the rotting taste was even imparted into that. I returned the dish and asked the waiter to advise the kitchen. I think my advice was ignored because I saw more of the same coming out of the kitchen, no doubt to smiling future five star reviewers.  Our friends ordered the calamari in white sauce. It tasted alright but the calamari was chewy. There is a secret to cooking tender calamari. I would tell you what it is, but it's a secret.
Veal parm is not on the menu but I ordered it anyway and there was no problem getting it.  It was tender but the two small pieces were paper thin. I love veal but I couldn't taste it at all. The sauce was great though. Tangy, sweet and garlicky, I liked it a lot. The cheese however was a thin round slice, like Krogers sliced provolone.  The spaghetti side was a small portion but fresh if a bit dry.  Look. Raise the price of the dish a few bucks and serve a robust piece of meat and ample fresh mozzarella. 
The wife had the seafood and broad noodle dish. Earthy tasting and overcooked shrimp and company. She hardly touched it. The Tri pasta dish my friend had was OK but the cream was heavy. The chicken parm was similar to the veal. The table bread had lousy taste and texture and was brought to the table without butter. We just put it to the side and forgot about it. OK, this isn't Arthur Ave.(Da Bronx) but awful bread at an Italian restaurant is really lame.
I'm sorry Tutti fans.  Even though it is good for the West Valley, and better than Buca or Tagliones or Olive Garden (ugh), Tutti misses the mark by a disappointingly wide margin.
