ow3oP3cfmhlfmSsGaXe25Q I went to this restaurant with my sister, last night. First impression, the decor is beautiful, yet somewhat intimidating as well. walking through the patio to the front doors, i felt like i was being watched by the diners all around us. We asked if we could sit inside but near the opened "windows" (folding glass doors). We both pointed at a table for 4 that was available. The hostess/server stumbled over her words: "uhhhh...mmmm...uhhh..how about any of the tables for 2 over here?" as she gestured to the other side of the room. My sister and I were like: "uhhh...well, ok... i guess this table?"  We both agreed that, THAT was a turn-off. As we looked over the menu i noticed that several items that caught my eye, were NOT exactly "italian". But hey, I work in an italian resto & having to eat italian food everyday, probably made me want those other items instead! We decided to share. we opted for the PEI mussels w/ white wine broth, the shrimp burger on a pretzel bun, & even though we both didnt want to, we decided we HAD to order something ITALIAN so that we could rightfully judge & critique the "italian-ness" of Destingo. We ordered the quattro funghi pizza.
The mussels came, we were both disappointed by the lack of broth/sauce that came with the dish. Usually, having ordered mussels in other restaurants, there'd be some broth to spoon over the mussels (or enough that you'd want to order bread to sop up the rest of it) Sadly, it seemed that the mussels were probably cooked in a "splash" of white wine as evidenced by the lack of liquid in the dish. all-in-all, they were quite tasty, albeit slightly too salty and lacked the pool of liquid that usually comes with mussels.
our next dish to share was the shrimp burger. not too sure what part of italy serves up a shrimp burger on a pretzel bun w/ LETTUCE & tomato? (my sister & i both wondered if arugola shouldve been substituted, or something to make it more "italian", but hey, im not the italian chef!) otherwise a pretty good NON-ITALIAN burger. a little difficult  to eat, & hard to share, as it was maybe the size  between a slider & a regular sized burger? the shrimp patty kept on sliding around on the lettuce & tomato. And the texture of the patty may not agree with everyone. Being chinese, and having eaten my fair share of shrimp balls etc growing up, we didnt mind the almost uniform texture of the patty. the fries that came with it, were supposed to be truffle oil & parmesan. Working in kitchens, i KNOW what truffles smell like- i was disappointed when i couldnt even taste or even SMELL a HINT of truffle oil on those (McCain?) fries!! the fries werent bad, they were good if you're NOT expecting it to be truffled up!

Then, the last and final ITALIAN dish to be served! the quattro funghi! Unfortunately, my sister and i didnt realize that the pizza came with prosciutto so  at first thought that they had mistakenly given us the wrong one. Our server, politely told us that the pizza COMES with "freshly sliced prosciutto" . BIG disappointment. My 1st bite, i thought: reminds me of the pizzas we used to make as kids at bday parties -- the tomato sauce? blech! we were both trying to remember the 4 types of mushrooms that came on this pizza besides the button mushroom & that button mushrm & that..button mushrm...oh & yay! an oyster mushrm..&...a...button mushrm...is that a shittake mushrm? uuhh... maybe? later on, we reread the menu online & the 4th mushroom was supposed to be portabello. i guess button mushrms KIND OF qualify? as portabello mushrooms are actually large cremini/brown button mushrooms. we definitely DID NOT see any lge looking button mushrms! the pizza had been cut into 4 pieces. After finishing 1 slice- i didn't want to finish my portion. my sister insisted.  one bite and i couldnt do it. the tomato sauce was too "canned" tasting for my liking. the cheese? both of us were like: "cheddar?" im SURE it wasnt, but if both of us came with the SAME conclusion?!? it wasnt orange, id give them that. i had to pick off all the cheese, & the prosciutto was WAY too salty & overpowered the mushroomness for the pizza. i KNOW prosciutto is supposed to be salty, but i think b/c the pizza itself (either the crust, or the sauce) was already oversalted=not a good combo unless you have no taste buds that detects saltiness. 

It was during the course of the pizza, when a large party came in & sat on the side of the restaurant where my sister & i had wanted to dine. I NOW understood the reasoning behind our server's lack of accommodating us w/ the table we had wanted to eat at. HAD she explained, our first impression wouldnt have been as negative. All she needed to say was: "unfortunately, we would love to seat you at
that table but there's a (insert explanation)" 

we decided we'd give a-go w/ dessert. we shared the tiramisu. not bad! probably what Nonna would make- if i had one! ;)

if authenticity is what youre looking for, Destingo is definitely not it.
