OXrFWgoz533T8tMRemkiww Heard  GREAT things about this place.  What a let down it was.  Made reservations for our Anniversary and showed up on time.  Early evening on a Friday night. We ordered the ravioli and a personal pizza.......it took 47 MINUTES for our food to come out !!!    I was counting. Because it was rediculous. The restaraunt was half empty, and we sat there for 47 minutes with a little bread and oil--wich they refilled twice because the food was taking so long.  AND NEVER refilled our empty water glasses.  I decided at 50 minutes we were leaving.  Lo and behold at 47 minutes it comes out. Bland and soggy as we've ever tasted.  Opposite of what we expected from such an "upscale" Italian dining experience.    They never apologized for the long wait for our food and pretended everything was normal and fine.  We scarfed it down in a hurry to leave and asked for the bill. The waitress put it on the table and then took almost 10 minutes more to return to charge it when we were obviously packed up and ready to go.  We just walked up to the register and had someone else nearby handle it for us.  My husband went to pull the car around while I finished up with the bill.

  Look, I know these are first world problems, and truthfully, my husband and I always enjoy each others company so much that we hardly notice a long wait for our food... PLUS... we were there on a gift card....     But we were trying to make it to a show that night and ended up arriving late and all for a meal that kinda sucked.

Even worse, when my husband and I got up to leave, a table of 2 next to us received their food---- they had only been seated 15 minutes earlier!!!!

I never complain about waitstaff mostly because I used to be a waitress, but what pushed me so far as to get on yelp about it is what I witnessed on the way out the door.  While I was standing by the door waiting for them to charge our card, A very elderly woman whom I had noticed was standing there a long time, asked the hostess..."how much longer for a table?"  and the hostess said..."About 20 more minutes".  The elderly woman replied.."Thats what you said 20 minutes ago, and I see 5 empty tables."  The hostess got very rude with her and retorted "Ma'am, some people plan ahead and make reservations, and its impossible to tell you the exact amount of time you will need to wait because we dont know how much longer people will be staying. They might order dessert, or more drinks. You can go to another establishment."

Seeing this old woman as I would my own grandmother, I stuck my neck out and spoke up to the hostess.   I said..."Listen, I've noticed this woman standing here a very long time.  You don't have any chairs for people up here to sit in and wait, so shes just been standing here. If you told her the wait was going to be 20 minutes, you need to seat her after 20 minutes.  If you were'nt sure exactly how long the wait would be, you should have told her that in the first place instead of getting angry at her for going by what YOU SAID.  Also, it would'nt hurt to show a little more respect to your elders."  

The hostess looked at her friend and rolled her eyes sarcasticly as to say..."who is this bi***?"  hahahaha.  VERY RUDE. VERY.   WORST SERVICE IN YEARS. SORRY.   Dishonorable staff.  Unimpressive food.
