OXrFWgoz533T8tMRemkiww I've been wanting to try this place for awhile. Supposedly, they have an extensive Italian beer selection and a wood-fired oven, so off my hubby and I went. I looked over the menu and discovered they only had two (2) Italian beers (Moretti, Peroni). Disappointed but not giving up, we ordered one of each and proceeded. The waiter (Adam) comes over and tells about the specials before leaving again so we have time to make a choice. FYI - the wait staff tries to class up the place by acting as if they've lived in Italy and personally prepared the food so we played along. We ordered a few appetizers to try, salads, and I ordered a Pizza Margherita and my hub-a-bub ordered a Calzone. After we order, Adam brings us some squares of wood fired bread with EVOO. The bread was thick and doughy (clearly a filler). Then comes the appetizers along with the salads. We ordered Rice Balls (both cheese and cheese and meat), which had *no* flavor. We also ordered the the Potato Croquettes, which tasted *sour*. The salads looked fresh but was all green until you dug down to the bottom of the plate where there were two small pieces of red and orange pepper, a cherry tomato, and an olive. Said salad would have been really tasty, had the vinaigrette not been too sweet. Next came the entrees. The place is suppose to be known for their pizzas (that Adam said was a thin crust personalized pizza) but what I was served was a big blob of pizza dough with some cheese and sauce on top. My hub-a-bub's Calzone was a huge blob of thinly stuffed dough with some cheese and sauce on top. Clearly these folks haven't been to Italy or know what true Neapolitan Pizza looks like. Needless to say, I couldn't bring myself to touch or eat what amounted to a loaf of bread (aka an Il Pizzaiolo Pizza) but paid for it anyway. A $100 later, we would have been much happier, and better off to stay at home enjoying a good red wine, a fresh loaf of Italian bread, and a hunk of Parma cheese!    

Later that evening, my iron stomach started to gurgle. Needless to say, I ended up riding the porcelain bus in one bathroom, with my hub-a-bub in the other, for the rest of the evening.

All I can say if you eat there, be ready for a bumpy ride.
Happy eating!
