OXrFWgoz533T8tMRemkiww PLEASE take heed of the many warnings on this website.  I too once loved this restaurant, but we have had far too many terrible experiences to ever return.

Our first bad experience was a year and a half ago.  My parents were visiting from out of town and my husband and I decided to take them here.  We were told the wait would be 30-45 minutes.  We were lucky enough to find two seats at the wine bar so we could share a bottle of vino and take turns sitting.  An hour went by... then an hour and fifteen minutes... We began to notice that some parties coming into the bar area after us were seated before us.  Then, we were finally told our table was ready and to follow them... only for one of the hostesses to stop the waitress who was seating us.  She told the waitress that the table was for someone else.  We then watched as they sat a party who had been waiting for less than 20 minutes.  I can only presume these people were friends with one of the hostesses.  At this point, over 90 minutes had passed and we were understandably upset.  I complained to the manager, a middle aged woman who showed absolutely no concern for the situation they had caused.  We should have left, but instead we ordered another bottle and waited another 20 minutes for our table in the extremely noisy front dining room.

My husband absolutely refused to go to this location after that incident, so our next incident was not until this past week.  We made reservations for a Friday night and I specifically requested a quiet table in the wine room if one was available.  I noted that we would be willing to switch our reservation to a half hour before or after if that gave us a better chance, knowing they can't completely control such things.  When we arrived, the hostesses appeared to be the same teenage or 20-something girls who worked here a year ago.  I don't know if they were or if this restaurant simply has a steady stream of insolent young girls from which to draw.  The girls looked at each other, continued to giggle and continue whatever conversations they had already been having, and eventually pulled out a couple menus for us.  They led us to a table for 8 which already had 4 people.  They then gestured towards the table and asked "is this okay?".  We responded that no, we had made a reservation and there were at least two open tables in the front dining room, so we expected to be sat there, outside or at the wine bar (we checked - there was a table open in the same room as the wine bar and one outside).  The girl then informed us that it would be another 20-30 minutes if we didn't want to sit at someone else's table.  I have never known Il Pizzaiolo to be communal seating so this was completely unacceptable.  We left and gave our business to another restaurant on the same street, where we had excellent food and excellent service.
 
This portion is regarding the other location downtown:

Our third bad experience was the Market Square location this past Sunday.  We have had one less than favorable experience there before (they told my husband and I it would be a 2 hour wait for a table for 8, then told someone else from our party it would be 15 minutes only 10 minutes later... ), but we were willing to justify it and hoped it was an anomaly.  Sadly, they now seem to hire from the same pool as the Mt. Lebanon location.  We were told it would be a 20-25 minute wait for an outdoor table as 3 different 4 tops were finishing their dinner.  They said they would call us so we took a walk and returned 15 minutes later.  We waited at a public table in Market Square and WATCHED as the host and hostess cleared and then sat the 2 of the 4 tops.  When we went in to ask what was going on, we saw that all three 4 tops were actually resat.  We reminded them we were waiting and asked them when they would have our table ready.  We were told it would be another 20 minutes.  Goodbye!  Ciao, Il Pizzaiolo!  Never again.  We were able to be seated at Sienna immediately.  

Ownership should be ashamed.  I don't know whether it is nepotism in the host positions or a complete lack of respect for their clientele.  I should add that on every occasion, a remark was made to at least a hostess, if not management, and no one offered even a sincere apology.  It is sad that people are willing to put up with this level of service.  There are plenty of other fine establishments in Pittsburgh, particularly Italian ones.  I have a whole list of Italian restaurants that have as good or better food, that would never treat their patrons like this.
