OyiOg9GYKzHI19EbnWqL8A A great little restaurant in the Annex has a martini special every Wednesday which is sure to satisfy that mid week cocktail craving. Hey Lucy has three locations in central and downtown Toronto-the others are situated at the corner of King & John in the entertainment district, and in Cabbagetown at Carlton & Parliament.

This particular Hey Lucy is just steps from the University of Toronto campus and brings a bit more class to a section of Bloor Street that is overflowing with a diverse array of dining options.

A pit stop here for drinks and maybe an appetizer or two is definitely in order for a Wednesday night out in the Annex, especially considering their $4.49 martini specials.

The decor has the feel of an upscale lounge, with decorative chandeliers adorning beautifully molded ceilings. It is small but inviting, with almost all booths making for a cozier dining experience. Exposed brick and wood paneling surprisingly complement zebra-print seats.

The martinis are comparable to Insomnia's down the street, varying on a sweetness spectrum ranging from Jolly Rancher and Caramilk to a potent Lemon Drop and the classic olive and vermouth. These 2oz. cocktails-otherwise priced at $8.99-make getting a seat or even a spot at the glimmering bar almost impossible on Wednesdays, and there are no reservations allowed on this particular evening: first come, first serve.

On a Friday evening, Hey Lucy is busy enough to feel like a hot spot, but not too packed that you feel suffocated. pic861

The pizza is cooked in an authentic wood burning oven and is thoroughly delicious, no matter the combination of toppings. Most go for $13-17, ranging from the classic Margherita to unusual combinations like their Smoked Bacon Pesto.

The nachos ($14) are a standout, with an array of rich grilled vegetables spread atop crisped flour tortillas. The pastas are a good value for the quality-my chicken primavera came loaded with vegetables and creamy alfredo sauce at just $14 for a large bowl. It is more than ridiculous that they charge an extra $2.50 for whole wheat pasta, however.

All in all, Hey Lucy is a good bet for a decent dining experience. It's certainly not the best, but it is definitely a place that we frequent a couple of times a year.
