OZqAZkjhV_nyHsbnKaD1WQ Christo's is OK if your into three courses in less than 45 minutes. I was expecting to dine here but it was much more similar to a diner experience were you get whammed bammed and thank you'd as we were in and out in a jiffy.

My husband loves classic Italian Foods and according to reviews Christo's seemed like a top destination. Honestly in general the food was OK but not great and nothing I'd drive out of my way for. I almost never consider service as part of my review since it varies all the time everywhere but in this case it sort of even lessened the experience so MUCH that I have to consider it otherwise I would have given Christo's three stars.

Our waiter quickly greats us and ask if we want the menu or the restaurant week special. Despite being around 70 years old he was very quick talking and very speedy and sort of made us nervous but what really bothered me the most was him  and his helpers standing there not to far from us with his arms crossed just watching us like a hawk eating the whole time. 

Now the food.

I started with a Christo's Caesar Salad. I could tell the dressing was house made as well as the croutons. The dressing wasn't properly emulsified nor was it balanced in flavors and was super heavy with lemon. The croutons were crisp and buttery. I pointed out the faults since I know them but it really was an OK salad. I do note I wasn't offered fresh ground pepper, nicer restaurants do offer fresh ground pepper for Caesar Salads.

I was sort of excited to have the classic dish Sole Meuniere here. The Christo's Version is nontraditional as the fish seemed heavily coated (maybe battered not sure) with flour in a lemon white wine sauce in stead of a traditional lightly floured and prepared in browned butter. The fresh spinach on the side was just plain without anything on it. 

Desserts seemed house made and were OK. We both liked the lemon cake better over the mousse.

A glass of house wine was included with our dinners and during the meal we finished it and my husband ordered another round. He noticed a price difference from the menu and questioned our server. The server confirmed it wasn't the same price as the menu and said that for restaurant week they up charge the wine. It was only a few dollars but I feel this is bad business and not good for customer relations.

I was really torn between two and three stars but the surprise of the wine up charge, being really rushed though dinner and with the waiter and his help all standing across from us just watching us the whole time in a unprofessional way sort of spoiled the dining experience.

2.5 Stars
