PebX-Sf_h4FJGgsRAA5Fng We took our daughter out to celebrate her 1st day of school and she wanted pizza. We had heard about La Calabria and went there. They do NOT serve pizza, but the hostess (I think it was the owner as well) convinced her that pasta and meatballs would be just as yummy and thankfully, today our 3 year old wasn't her typical stubborn self and  went for it...much to our delight as we had been wanting to try this place. THANKS GOODNESS!!! It turned out to be an incredible find for Italian food, locally owned 'mom and pop' type of place so close to our home.

We had some wine which was very good and reasonably priced. They brought out some soft and fresh Italian bread with some of the most delish olive oil/seasonings dip I've ever had.

The chef (maybe the other owner?) came out personally to serve our daughter her meal. He offered her the parm sprinkled on her dinner, after the 3rd "yes" of offering her more, he asked if she just wanted the whole bowl, which made her very happy. Us too, it was some of the best parmesean cheese I've ever tasted. So fresh and tasty. She loved the meatballs, said they were as good as Nona's (her Italian grandma) so that says a lot right there!

My husband and I shared one of the daily specials, a penne with a sausage and mushroom sauce. It was a cross between a red and a white sauce, sort of like a vodka sauce but not exactly. I don't think they make their pasta from scratch, but my oh my, you couldn't cook prepared pasta any better! It was done perfectly al dente and the sauce was simply INCREDIBLE, if I had just one word to choose. I'm sure it was more calories/fat than I would care to know...but it was so good I didn't care. It was also great that for a small fee of $5 they let us share, giving us both our own salad. The pasta portions were still very big, we each came home with leftovers.

We decided to go for it all and end the night with cappuccino and dessert. The cappuccino was perfect, nice and large with a wonderful foam. They have 4 or 5 homemade in-house desserts but the gelato menu spoke to us. We got the bananas foster gelato which was just delectable. Perfect banana flavor, not too powerful, served a little more frozen than usual, so it stayed in a wedge shape, and half of it was dipped in Italian chocolate and nuts. My mouth is watering just remembering it. 

If you live in Gilbert, or nearby Chandler and are looking for a family run restaurant, with a casual atmosphere and wonderful food, give this place a try...my guess is you'll be hooked. We can't wait to go back. Prices are about the same as Olive Garden or the like...not cheap but not expensive...pretty much what you'd expect. Oh and the kids meal was a deal at $5 with about 2 to 3 servings for the average child, and comes with a 'surprise' which was ice cream and made our daughter very happy, a great ending to a milestone day for her...and us!
