PhIkXAFZ8UMvrt_bPwjzIw Hey reader of reviews...read the review with an open mind. It's a subjective opinion and may not click with your expectations. So hearing what is being said does not mean you must agree. However, critique the restaurant, not the reviewer.

Tutto Bene was an excellent eatery...but my last visit was in 2013...so things may have changed. I hope not because they were an eatery that tried harder !!

     Head chef Kee and pasta prince, Delroy, prepare every menu item perfectly. Tutto Bene has been my "go to Italian" restaurant for years because it consistently gives value for the buck. Not just value, but QUALITY. Every meal produced by Kee and/or Delroy is superb. They have their menu down cold, oops, hot...and delicious. My favourite dish is the veal chop, humongous, prime cut, and always properly cooked. I always take the bone home to my dog, Fermo, but it has been picked clean already!
     Pick any pasta...perfect. Fish, oh yesh !! Pizza, indeedsa ! Wine list to satisfy the pickiest but stick with the house red, 1/2 or full litre, terrific. Salads, scrumptious. Appetizers, desserts...just ask. Whatever they have prepared for that period of time, is smack on ! 
    Food...FIVE STAR, unequivocally. 
    Service, as good as anywhere in Tor
, cycling themselves as hosts for lunch or dinner, authentic Italians dedicated to satisfying their clients, and they do.
    Having a special celebration, the osteria has a smaller private dining area, ideal for large group celebrations which may want to be away from the general dining room.
    Reservations are a must as at this family friendly eatery is jammed, every night, for the usual supper hour between 7 and 8, every night!!! Closed Sundays.
   Pricing is in line with any restaurant of this calibre, not inexpensive, but not expensive. This means, expect to pay about $40 per person for appetizer, main and dessert. Even with wine, breaking $50 per person is a push. The short of it is, this restaurant will exceed your expectations for quality, excellent food, prepared well and served properly.
    It would be a real challenge to find an Italian restaurant superior to Tutto Bene. Buon appetito !
