pHJu8tj3sI8eC5aIHLFEfQ I was excited to try this place because it's Liana's favorite Italian place when she lived in Las Vegas, so Dennis, Liana and I made a trip to Nora's before our flight out of Vegas. I usually review a place mostly for its food quality, but Nora lost a star due to its extraordinarily bad service. 

Let's start with the food first:
1) Pomodoro Bruchetta (3 stars) - but unless you're hankering for it, I say skip it... for tomatoes on toast, it's not worthy $7.
2) Truffle fries (4 stars) - very truffly, crunchy and delicious, but over the top salty.
3) Garlic bread (3 stars) - not bad, not great... it was made better by olive oil
4) Alla Nora (3 stars) - the eggplant was really dry, crunchy, bordering on hard to chew. The meat sauce had good flavors, but the spaghetti is also crunchy and dried out on the edges.  
5) Primavera (4 stars) - it's like a garden exploded on a plate. It's good, but after half of the plate the oils felt over powering.
6) Pappardelle with Wild Boar - not sure, since I didn't get to taste this dish, nor did we have a discussion about it... Dennis finished it, so it can't be bad. 

The pages of the menu were a bit sticky, that should have been our first warning, but one never really think of such things when your tired butt hits the seat. The bar service was actually reasonably good, other than the placemats being wet. We wanted to sit at a table, so as soon as one became available, we switched over. The first napkin was a bit dingy in one corner, but once reseated, there was a second set of napkin/silverwear combo, so I didn't say anything. My bread plate was coated with a thin layer of grease and a chunk of dried food on one side - had to ask for another one. Within 5 minutes of sitting down, we realize we were against the stage where the band (arriving in at this moment) will be playing. After being brushed behind the head with the cello, I got up to the hostess and asked to be reseated. She looked me straight in the eye and said "no - the table that's available is already taken." BY WHO? No one was there. 

No apology. 

I return to the table and me and my table mates sat stunned for about 5 minutes. At which point a man walks over and pulls a chair from our table and set up a tip jar right at our table. Liana about flipped out, and got up once again to request a table switch... this time asking a different hostess, and probably raising her tone slightly. 

We were reseated in the kitchen area with annoyance from the staff. 

Again, no apology. 

We had no water refills for 15 to 20 minutes and while the bus girl was responsive when we were able to flag her down, we were already rather displeased. The food was abysmally slow. 

Seriously, I am so irritated typing this review that I want to give them just one star, but I'm being judicious. 

I would not come back and I would recommend you don't go at all.
