pHJu8tj3sI8eC5aIHLFEfQ The new building is beautiful but attitudes have completely changed.  I always loved Nora's when it was in the strip mall.  It was cramped but the food and service always left you with a good feeling despite the close quarters.  I think we are giving up on the new location though.  It started with a takeout order.
      I had ordered a good amount of food including a chocolate cake.  "That cake takes like half an hour", said the person on the phone.  They told me to pick it all up in half an hour.  I arrived and the hostess seemed irritated by my presence.  She came back with my food sans cake.  "You know that takes like half an hour to cook", she told me about the cake.  Her tone suggested I was a dumbass for ordering cake.  My food sat on the host's stand getting cold while I sat and waited for cake at the bar.  The bar tender asked what I wanted and I told him I was waiting for cake.  "That takes like half an hour", he said.  Thanks bud.  I asked to speak to the manager and told him my beefs.  He was very professional and gave me a voucher for $30 off my next meal.  Cool. 
      Several weeks later my wife and I pop in late in the afternoon with the plan of getting some apps and cocktails.  We used to do this frequently at the old location.  We loved the arancini and calamari.  We sat at the bar and were unacknowledged for ten minutes despite multiple people behind the bar.  It appeared the person who's section were in had tables outside the bar that needed his attention and the other bartender was not going to bother with us because we were not in his section.  This just made me sad because, as someone who worked in restaurants for years, I really admired the teamwork and camaraderie at the old location. It just gave you a good feeling while you were there.  We were never ignored there.  We got up and left, if anyone noticed they didn't care.
      The last time, still holding the $30 voucher, was around 5:00 last Saturday.  I approached the host stand, met with a rather curt, "yes?" from the hostess.  "Table for two please" I said.  She looked left, and then looked right at the half-empty dining room.  "It's going to be about half an hour unless you want to sit on the patio" she said.  It was about 110 degrees that day.  She cared more about keeping the sections even than getting people served.  As we left disappointed I told my wife, "I'm tired of holding on to this stupid voucher, I've had it in my wallet for almost six months."  "Just give it to someone" she said.  So I handed it to a dad in the waiting area and finally severed my maddening tie with this indifferent restaurant.
