pHJu8tj3sI8eC5aIHLFEfQ I didn't see my MIL and GIL on my birthday so they wanted to take me out to a belated birthday dinner. I have had this bookmarked for quite a while. 

We were given a basket of garlic bread while we wait for our order. MM! I am a garlic freak so I was taking the garlic off everyone else's slices since they like it light on garlic. You can also request plain toasted if you don't do garlic. 

The BF had cheese ravioli w/ alfredo- the raviolis are fresh made in house and were very good (I took a bite of course, tee hee) and the sauce was thick and had good flavor. 

Mom had the lasagna- she's been wanted lasagna for weeks and she was very happy with it here. It had little sausage bites in it instead of just meat sauce and cheese. She's a light eater normally, but she tore into that! 

Grandma had spaghetti and meatballs- she liked the meatballs here a lot and they did look quite good. 

I had the chicken mt etna- it wasn't bad, but I think I ordered the wrong thing. The individual components were good- chicken with peppers and cheese and balsamic together was nice and chicken was juicy, the onion strings were crisp and the seasoning was great, roasted potatoes good. There was angel hair that was crisp to like a uncooked top ramen consistency which is a bit odd and between all these layers was a bit much. I ate the onion strings and some of the chicken. I can see some people really liking this type of stuff (I ordered it based on the Yelp summary on top of it being mentioned in reviews), but to me it's the classics here that are standouts and can't steer wrong with a solid plate of pasta.

I ended up asking for a side of linguini with vodka sauce. I'm so glad I did because it really changed my dinner. The sauce was superb and close to the vodka sauce at my favorite Italian place in LA I've been going to since I was a kid. I got my bread and wiped that bowl clean! The BF tried some and he is now saying we are going back for some of that! 

The quality, taste,portion to price ratio is fantastic here. Most pasta dishes were around $9-11 with specialties in the $14-20 range with a few meat specialties from $22-30. That's like Olive Garden prices and leaps better. Very reasonable compared to a lot of other Italian places in town. $60 +tip for 5 dishes and drinks is not bad at all! 

Our server was very attentive, personable and polite throughout. He kept checking in without being obtrusive to dinner conversation, filled drinks half full, had good pacing for boxes and check that we didn't wait for any need. We ended up chatting with him and he's actually a busser who they sometimes let serve. Casey should be a server as that's some seriously great service!  Way better than some of these seasoned jokes around town. He gave me a tiramisu even to top off the  birthday dinner (for those curious- pretty good, heavy on the coffee notes so a dessert for those who love their coffee). 

Despite what I ordered originally, this place is great for the classics and service is great. Definitely coming back and sad I haven't tried it sooner.
