PJgNZN4UYLxP47cy_1c-DQ My son had mentioned that someone had made a remark about how good the food was at A Taste of Italy. We went out to dinner tonight and decided to look for it.  I ordered lasagna, my grandson ordered stuffed shells, & my son ordered fettucine.  All was good until my son was putting his fettucine in a to-go container.  He said I think I'll leave my fettucine after all & was looking at the bottom of the bowl.  I asked why & he said, "look, there are a couple of hairs on the bottom of the bowl!"  I told him, "let them know.  That's not good"  He walked up to talk quietly to one of the girls at the counter to show her & to let them know. The next thing I knew he was talking to an older guy, who must have been the owner.  He was showing the hairs in the bowl to him & I heard the guy start being sarcastic, saying, " noone has short brown hair here.  What do you want?  Do you want your money back?"  He was sarcastic and rude.  My son told him , "no I don't want my money back.  I just wanted to let you know. You are really rude." My son & grandson walked out & I walked up to the counter to speak to him.  I told him that he was very rude & the least he could've done was apologize to him.  My son had walked back in at that point & agreed with me, telling him I didn't come up to tell you, just to get my money back.  I just thought you'd like to know"  He left his fettucine he'd started transferring into a foil container there on the table.  He told me in the car that just thinking about it made him want to throw up what he did eat.  Sad that none of the workers or owner couldn't offer an apology until we told them that they should!  Even sadder that he didn't offer to give us a refund with the exception of  when he was yelling at my son at the beginning, saying "what do you want?  You want your money back?!"  Horrible customer service skills on top of poor hygiene practices.  By the way, the "cook"  does have short brown hair ( a fade).  Don't go there unless you want to eat things that don't belong ib your food!!!
