pjpUOlJLlkIxBZ5BquA2PA "Prego!" Little did I know this word would become so near and dear to me. Here, say it with me. It's not fair to ask unless an Italian has blessed your ears with the sound.  Use your imagination and listen to the Colombian from New York describe the Italian. Roll your lips inwards gently, breathe in through your nose and roll those "R's". 

"PRRrrreee-G-o!"
To be clear, added emphasis on the "G". 

Maurizio greeted us with "Prego!" as soon as we were seated. Or at least that's what my myopic memory will always hear. From deep within his belly, a short percussion, out came "Prego!" Waters were seamlessly on the table when I inquired about the sign outside.

"Wine for $5?"
"Yes. We have a Sangiovese for five dollars."
"Prego. Pronto!"

Out came the biggest goblet of wine in my history of life. Still shocked at the enormity of my vino I peeked at the menu. I looked at my friend. We agreed we wanted pizza. Mensa candidates the two of us. There were three columns and we sought assistance. Starved and envious of our neighbor's plates we desperately wanted to place an order. 

Maurizio efficiently highlighted the differences. All pizzas are thin crust and twelve inches. "Classica" = imported tomato sauce. "Tradizonale" = respects Napoletana style standards. "Focaccia" = No tomato! A pizza and a salad was Hoovere'd down. I had no idea. But now YOU do. I wanted to eat more of the pizza. I haven't stopped talking about the pizza. I was perfectly satiated by the amount of food shared. However, I could have scarfed another slice or two down! 

Toto Sapore was the perfect pizza that night. The meat wasn't too salty (italian sausage, pancetta, salame and prosciutto), the sauce was introduced but not overwhelming, the crust was crispy but not wafer thin like paper and passed the fold test. Because really, pizza is meant to be eaten held in your hands.
 
The Insalate Pollo offered a generous share of pine nuts, avocados, grilled chicken (not dry at all!), grape tomatoes on spring greens with a lemon vinaigrette. I was surprised the lemon vinaigrette wasn't too strong. I've got my mind on trying the mango salad next time. Goals, we all have to have goals.

"Dessert?"
I still have a half filled goblet of wine. In my haste to consume pizza it had been left unattended. (Unheard of!) We begged off on sweets. Suddenly two little shot glasses appeared at our table.

"Prego!"
And then a plate of thinly cut, fried dough, sprinkled with powdered sugar. "Limoncello! On the house!" As Maurizio's friend, (because everyone is friends at this restaurant), filled our teeny tiny glasses with a bottle that read, "EVERCLEAR", we were armed with instructions. 

"Sip the Limoncello."
Gingerly I approached the Limoncello. Despite my concerns about consuming a grain alcohol it was *delicious*. Alas, I drove, so I had to pass over my dessert drink to my dining companion.

Thinking the night couldn't possibly end on a sweeter note, Maurizio brought out two chocolates. When unwrapped they held special messages. 

"A man enjoys the happiness he feels. A woman the happiness she gives."
"You will always be beautiful to me and I will always be true to you."

The Italians love romance. Bring a date ;)

By the way, "Prego!" has multiple uses.
(After being thanked) You're welcome, don't mention it etc.
(In response to a request) Yes, of course

Have you tried saying it out loud? Hmmm? "Prego!" It's fun. Alright fine. Go have some amazing pizza!
