pKiSzUlBBRNEdTML24piXA Great food and variety of plates/flavors! I like sampling a lot of dishes to share family-style, so I really enjoy this style of dining.

Risotto of the day (mushroom & spinach):
I think this was my first time having risotto, so I'm not sure how this compares to the standard. However, I really enjoyed this dish. The rice was creamy and soft, but not in a mushy way. There was fresh spinach, which added a slightly crunchy texture to the creamy risotto. There were also nice mushroom pieces. The salt and fresh cracked pepper on top added a dash of spice. 

Pancetta wrapped gnocchi:
SO GOOD! Our server told us that this is a customer favorite, and I can see why. The pancetta was salty and savory, while the gnocchi was soft and light. The cheese sauce was absolutely delicious, and this is coming from someone who doesn't really eat/like cheese. There were 3 skewers, each with 3 pancetta wrapped gnocchi. Each skewer also had a triangle of focaccia bread, which was grilled to perfection and wonderful for mopping up that extra cheese sauce! I'm already dreaming about ordering another plate of this on my next visit.

Papas bravas:
Delicious! I love potatoes, and these were cooked well -- crispy and crunchy on the outside, while soft and tender on the inside. There was a spicy kick to these potatoes as well, as the potatoes seemed to have been seasoned with some kind of dry rub, not a wet sauce. I would definitely order this again!

Lamb lollipops:
Our waiter told us this lamb is from New Zealand! The meat was tender and juicy, but I didn't particularly enjoy the cheese that was on it. While the lamb was well-cooked, I probably wouldn't order this again just because I didn't like the seasoning.

Meatball Marsala:
Eh, this was one dish I didn't particularly enjoy. The meatballs themselves were fine. I just didn't enjoy the gravy sauce, which was somewhat reminiscent of school cafeteria food for me. 

Vegan palette cleanser:
I highly recommend that you order this right away to cleanse your palette throughout the course of your meal. I initially thought these were unnecessary, so I glossed over them. However, my SO ordered it, and I realized how well these do cleanse your palette. I love trying a variety of dishes, so having this really helps me truly experience each dish for how it is supposed to taste, unbiased from earlier dishes, especially transitioning from drastically different plates. This consists of 8 blackberries wrapped in spinach leaves with white truffle oil and black pepper, which is a good amount.

Israeli couscous salad:
I didn't really like this for one reason: the greasy feeling. While this was very refreshing with very clean flavors, the couscous felt so oily, and it left a greasy feeling in my mouth. I preferred the risotto over this.

Service:
We had 2 waiters (not sure why) but both were friendly and gave a brief description of each dish as it arrived. They checked up on us frequently and asked to make sure everything was going smoothly.
