pOhX1XjbBdPoO2Fyy8RGJg After seeing Geraci's on Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives on Food Network, my boyfriend and I decided to visit Geraci's one Tuesday evening.  My boyfriend loves pizza, and I love Italian food, so we figured it would be a lovely evening of great food.  

We arrived at Geraci's to find a very small parking area in the front of the restaurant.  All parking spots were full, so we finally found a spot in the rear of the building.  We walked inside to find an almost full restaurant.  Right away, I didn't like the seating arrangement.  Along one wall is a continuous bench-style seat, with tables in front of the bench.  On the opposite side of the tables are traditional chairs.  This seating style means you will sit next to people you don't know, and with the close quarters, being annoyed by loud people is a very real possibility.  I saw a couple traditional booths in the rear of the restaurant, but I'm sure those are hard to come by unless Geraci's accepts reservations.

Our server arrived pretty promptly and took our drink order while giving us a few minutes to look over the menu.  I ordered the lasagna on our server's recommendation (it was either lasagna or stuffed shells,) and my boyfriend ordered a large pepperoni and cheese pizza.  I also ordered a single meatball because I love meatballs.  My dinner came with a salad, but since I'm allergic to lettuce, I was able to substitute either cole slaw or applesauce.  I chose cole slaw, and it was very, very good.  Creamy, with just enough of a sour kick to make it delicious, it was some of the best cole slaw I've had in a long time.  We were given bread while we were waiting on our dinners.  The bread itself was good, but it was missing something.  If it had either been warm, or served with some type of dipping option, the bread would have been great.  I noticed this to be a common theme during our dinner at Geraci's; the food was average because something was missing from each item we ate.

Our dinners arrived after about 20 minutes, which was acceptable considering how busy the restaurant was while we were there.  The pizza looked delicious, with a generous amount of melted cheese, and an equally generous amount of pepperoni.  The crust was on the thin side, but wasn't paper thin.  My boyfriend said the pizza was good, but not great.  I tasted a piece, and had to agree with him.  I've had better pizza, and again, the pizza was missing something.  It's as though they were depending upon the pepperoni alone to carry the pizza, but had the sauce been spiced just slightly, it would have been a great pizza.

My lasagna was the same scenario.  While good, it wasn't great.  The portion was generous, and there was a generous amount of cheese and sauce.  But again, it was somewhat bland.  Just a little kick to the sauce and it would have been delicious instead of average.
Finally, the meatball I had was average.  It was generously sized, tender and moist, but it was also bland.  Again, just a little something added to the meatball and it would have been delicious.  

Overall, neither of us were super-impressed with Geraci's food.  For $36 we had an 8 slice pizza ($12.95,) order of lasagna ($15.95,) 2 sodas, one meatball ($1.75,) bread and a side of cole slaw.  So, after tip ($9,) we spent $45 for an average meal.  To me, the food isn't worth the cost.  If some effort was put forth to tweak the recipes just a bit, the food would be phenomenal.

The service, thankfully, was excellent.  Our server was attentive to when our sodas were getting low, when empty plates needed removed and when we needed to-go boxes.  Even though there were people waiting to be seated, we did not feel rushed at all.

We did order a large pepperoni and cheese pizza for take-out earlier this week, and it was the same as the first time we had their pizza.  So, they are consistent with their food, and it's a nice change from chain-store or frozen pizza.  If we're in the neighborhood we'll pick up a pizza to-go, but I don't see us returning for an actual dinner.
