pOhX1XjbBdPoO2Fyy8RGJg I wish there was a 3.5 star.. or 3.75 stars. But i'll round it up to 4 stars.

I came to Geraci's for the first time with an ex-roomie. We had heard people rave about this place. Not being a huge pizza fan, I ordered their pasta with marinara. First, there was a long wait and second, I wasn't fully impressed. Yes, the pasta was decent, but it wasn't the way people raved about it. That was about 1.5 years ago and I never went back to Geraci's.

Fast forward 1 year and i heard my coworkers talking about how cleveland is voting for the best pizza in town and everyone was gonna vote for Geraci's. Last night, my boyfriend happened to crave pizza so I suggested Geraci's, wanting to give it another shot.

This time, I really liked it! My boyfriend ordered their deluxe pizza with pepperoni, sausage, onion, green peppers, and mushroom. He thought it was traditional and delicious. He loved the homemade tomato sauce and you could actually feels the chunks of tomatoes in the sauce. The mozzarella had just the right amount and went right around the toppings so it was perfect on the stomach. I, on the other hand, gave their pastas another try and ordered the Linguinie with clam sauce. I really liked it. For one, they gave alot of clams and two, it was rather filling. My only complaint though, was that there wasn't enough taste of a seafood broth. I kind of wish the pasta was just a bit stronger and had more flavors.

However, what really makes me willing and wanting to go back to Geraci's is that everyone in the room is so friendly and it almost feel like one big family in the restaurant. I chatted with a man who sat next to me and another group of case western students. To top of off, the owner (Marty Geraci) came to sat down next to us! Turns out he knew the man next to us and started chatting with us. She was so friendly and so nice and really spoke about the restaurant and how much detail they put into satisfying their customers.

So, I think I will definitely be coming back again!
