POJL-N7Smw1UZMP_xldFwg It was my friend's birthday and we craved pasta, so what better opportunity to finally try out Levetto?

We contemplated calling in to make sure there were enough seats available first (party of 4), but ended up just driving there. We arrived Friday night around 7:30pm. When we first walked in, I noticed 4 tables that could sit 4 people, and thought "crap, this isn't a restaurant", which was what we were going for. Not trying to be rude and ruin the night, we took a seat at one of the two available tables (they also have a few high-seats at the counter). For unknown reasons, it was super cold! We could feel the seeping cold from outside, which was -5C. We all kept our jackets on. I briefly glazed over the menu and opted for Beef Ragu ($15). My friends got Carbonara ($14), Cacio e pepe ($12), and Lamb Bolognese ($16.5). We had to order and pay at the cashier first so not your typical order-at-the-table dining. Water was promptly served after we ordered, and we waited about 10 minutes before our food arrived. Once it did, I immediately took back all my thoughts of doubt of this place because the portions are HUGE, and it smelled delicious! And guess what? The pasta was so warm and fresh, we all ended up taking our winter jackets off from the heat of the food! No joke.

We all sampled each other's pastas and there was a universal consensus that I chose the best pasta of them all, Beef Ragu. To my pleasant surprise, the beef served in my dish was shredded, as was the lamb in my friend's Lamb Bolognese. I also liked the Cacio e pepe, as it was the simplest dish of all our ordered pastas. If you aren't going for anything special but crave pasta, I recommend Cacio e pepe. The Carbonara had a bacon/smokey aftertaste to it, which isn't what I usually like, but I recommend it for those who like bacon/smokey meats. As for the Lamb Bolognese...I can't really explain it. The sauce was creamy, but the taste is something you must sample for yourself. I personally liked the dish, and ended up sampling the most out of it.

Definitely recommend the establishment for small party get-togethers!
