PPrE3wc9hihGLQOX0Y6nvg This restaurant has been in the neck of my woods for awhile but never had the chance to try it until recently.  My boyfriend and I decided to try this place on a whim.  It was a Saturday night and as expected, this place was fully packed with people.  The place was on a smaller size and the ambiance was a bit too dark for my usual liking but overall the decor was quaint with an Italian touch.

As I perused their menu, I was drawn to their pasta section.  I couldn't  resist the sound of their puttanesca pasta -  penne with capers, olives, tomatoes, basil, and salted anchovies in spicy tomato sauce.  For all the spicy lovers out there, this is a must try dish.  You will not be disappointed but beware, it will make you sweat profusely so just keep a few napkins handy to wipe the sweat off.  My boyfriend had the porcini pasta - penne with oyster, crimini, and portobello mushrooms in a parmigiano and porcini cream sauce.  I was able to sample a bit from his plate and this dish definitely was packed with bold flavour. I can taste the individual mushroom bits and the sauce was creamy enough to coat each piece of pasta with just enough sauce.  

We decided to share the Calabrisella appetizer that came in two different toppings which you can spread it over toasted Italian bread. I enjoyed the rosemarina which was a spicy calabrese caviar  and the n'duja - smoke pork sausage was more on a saltier side which the bread took some of the edge off.  I would probably rate this average since I don't particularly like my food too salty.

To end our main dish, we both ordered sicilian cannoli  - fresh filled mini ricotta cannoli with crushed pistachios.  I have mixed review about this dessert.  The filling was rich and creamy but I had better ones in Boston.  For what it's worth, I feel that their desserts are a bit overly priced for the portion size they offered.  Definitely can do without dessert next time.

I can't give enough credit to our waitress that night.  She was exceptionally professional and provided great service to us.  She was attentive and was detailed oriented.  Look no further if you're seeking good wholesome food and great service.  Black skirt is your go to place then!
