pSQFynH1VxkfSmehRXlZWw Pizzeria Bianco was the 2nd stop on the Tim S. Lunch tour.   Actually the way I look at it, it was just a 3 course meal at 3 different locations.  We had our first course appetizer, the Soppressata sandwich at Pane Bianco that was 5 stars and drove straight from there to our Main course at Pizzeria Bianco.  This is James Beard Award winning chef Chris Bianco's original location.  I've heard about this spot before as one of the top pizza joints in the country.  I've been to many of the greatest pizzerias in the country, so Pizzeria Bianco had some pretty big shoes to fill.

Tim, said his favorite pie here is the Wiseguy pizza.  This had wood roasted onions, house smoked mozzarella, and fennel sausage.  Perhaps some olive oil drizzled on the crust, but other than that there was really no sauce here.  This was an excellent pizza and I highly recommend it.  Although I'm usually a purist and love a traditional red sauce on a pie, I didn't miss it here.  The wood roasted onions, were nice thick strips of onion, but pretty much caramelized.  Not to the point of mush though.  I'm not sure their technique for wood roasting them, but there is way more to them than that, meaning lots of butter or perhaps they are marinated first.  The star of the show was the fennel sausage.  I wouldn't get a pizza here without getting their sausage.  Sliced diagonally, each piece of sausage was a good size.  The smoked mozzarella, melted in a very creamy way, more like a burrata would.  At first I thought some ricotta was added, but no, it was just the creamy mozzarella.  The pizza crust was very thin, and perhaps a little too thin for the weight of these toppings.  It could have been charred a little more as well.  But I'm nitpicking at this point as it had a great flavor to it and this was a 5 star pie for sure.

The pizzas here are all individual size, so the 2nd one we split was the Sonny Boy.  This is a traditional red sauce pizza with fresh mozzarella, salami, and gaeta olives.  I found the gaeta olives to be way too powerful for this pizza and covered up the sweet tomato sauce flavor.  When I pushed them off, I was much happier.  I was also happier with the crust on this pie as it had a little more char to it and the crust, while just as thin, held up well and wasn't soggy.  What a difference an extra minute can make in a wood burning oven.  Since the salami was cooked, it was hard for me to determine what kind of "salami" it was.  It had a little spice like a soppressata, but I can't say for sure that it was.  4 stars

Is Pizzeria Bianco one of the top pizza places in the country?  I'm not so sure, it's very good though.  When I first had Lombardi's or Di Fara's in New York, I knew right away that those are two of the best pizzas I've ever tasted.  Since I'm left wondering....I'd say on the national scale of best of the best...4 stars is about right.  And it's definitely worth coming in for that Wiseguy pizza.

On to our 3rd lunch stop.....the dessert course at Sweet Republic....
