pSQFynH1VxkfSmehRXlZWw All things considered, Bianco gets 2 stars.  Only pizza/food considered, I'd probably give it a 3.5 or 4 stars.  However, half of dinning is the experience.  And when it comes to Bianco, the experience is terrible.  Basically if you don't like to wait longer than 1-2 hrs for a table, you should go somewhere else.  The owner purposely keeps the place small so the wait time is always over 1 hour.  They only take reservations for 6 or more people (assuming availability).  They own the house next door and have converted it to a bar/waiting area.  Actually even the waiting area requires you to wait in order to score a seat inside.  Otherwise you are doomed to wait in the 100+ degree heat on the porch.  

Having eaten at Bianco, I am really perplexed by why there is always such a wait.  I mean the pizza is pretty decent but bang for buck it's really not that much better than the Phoenix chain NYPD (NY Pizza Dept).  The only assumption I can make is that Phoenix area lacks well-reviewed restaurants so people always flock to Bianco because it has been pretty well-publicized.  

As for the food, Bianco has pretty good pizza.  After all the chef did grow up in Brooklyn.  The pizza is thin crusted, good amount of cheese and sauce and they are wood-oven cooked.  The menu has a choice of 7 or 8 pizzas, a few appetizers and a few deserts.

If you want good pizza without a wait, go somewhere else.  If you want to wait for 2 hours, eat good pizza and be able to say you ate at the pretentious Bianco's then go try it.

ADDED: Finally, I think part of the reason why I think it is over-hyped is because it is pizza.  In my opinion, something like Bianco's pizza has minimal ingredients and uncomplicated tricks of the trade.  Of course there is probably a lot of skill that goes into making the dough exactly the right way and I can respect that.  He does a good job at that.  The sauce probably has some ingredients and seasonings that add to the quality.  But at the end of the day, it is pizza...and American pizza at that.  He makes all the pizzas himself because he wants to, not because he has to.  If he wanted to, I can't imagine it would be terribly difficult to hire assistants to help him put the sauce, toppings and cheese on.  =)
