pSQFynH1VxkfSmehRXlZWw What can I say that hasn't already been said in over 400 previous Yelp reviews, on Food Network, in Gourmet Magazine and in Zagat?  

I've been coming to Phoenix for four years on a regular a basis for business and only now was a I able to get in.  My many previous attempts ended in failure either because a) I was here on Monday when PB is closed or b) I wasn't willing to wait the usual 2.5 hours.  Even at 9:30pm on a sweltering Tuesday night, the wait was still 45 minutes.  So we went next door to Bar Bianco, had a couple glasses of wine, some excellent olives and a fontina and flatbread app that was a nice surprise accompanied with some sweet pickle slices.  

Almost exactly 45 minutes later (excellent estimating on their part) we were summoned over for the Main Event.  I ordered the spiedini starter - essentially a slug of fontina wrapped in prosciutto and grilled on a skewer - it was incredible.  My dining companion and I went on divergent pizza paths: he ordered the wiseguy - nominally a white pizza with perfectly caramelized onions, mozarella and fennel sausage.  I went with a classic margherita pizza, but added fennel sausage.  Mine was quite good, with a very thin crust, good tomato sauce and just enough mozzarella and plenty of sausage.  A little more basil would've been good and the crust was a little thinner than I would've preferred around the edges - usually my biggest complaint with neopolitan style pizzas.  My dining companion (a crusty, New York Puerto Rican) and I traded slices and ended up liking each other's better.  His wiseguy pizza was excellent - with a slightly thicker crust around the edge was was both crisp and soft with a very slightly sweet taste, which could've been a residual from the amazing sweet onions which topped to pizza.  Even my crusty companion grudgingly admitted that Bianco's pizza was excellent - though he reserved first place on his list for Grimaldi's in Brooklyn.  

Bottom line is: you gotta go.  Try not to wait 2.5 hours in the searing Phoenix heat if you can avoid it, but don't make the same mistake I did and wait four years to make your first visit.
