pSQFynH1VxkfSmehRXlZWw I must admit I was skeptical about all the rave I heard about Pizzeria Bianco.  We arrived at 4:45 behind at least 12 other parties.  So I knew we'd wait quite a while.  Seeing that there were at least 6 tables on the patio and one long picnic style table between the pizzeria and the wine bar next door, I was frustrated to have to wait to dine inside and asked why we couldn't dine outside.  The answer was simply if they served more parties the quality of the food would be compromised.  So I remained patient.  We went to the wine bar next door and had a few glasses of wine.  Our Phoenix relative met us there and took us to the pub across the street.  We had a few beers while one of us went back to the pizzeria every 45 minutes to check on our wait status.  Finally after 2 and a half hours we were called in to dine.  The building was first a machine shop from the early 20th Century.  So of course it's got an interesting character.  We were seated in the back of the building where behind a tall counter the owner throws his pizza crust and fires it in the large brick kiln which apparently came from Italy.  First up an order of wine.  While they're selection is fairly diverse it's not great.  So I order some decent wines and sip a bit while we wait for our pizza.  We ordered a Rosa, a Wiseguy and a MARGHERITA.  I tried to order my pizzas with easy cheese as I always do.  Pizza always comes with way too much cheese that is usually not the best quality.  Everyone in my party urged my not to do this.  I'm glad I listened to them!  Just enough cheese on every pizza.  The pizzas were made with such balanced flavors.  The Rosa was my favorite!  I think it was either drizzled with a little olive oil which brought the different flavors together.  The fresh herbs with the and cheese were complimented by the sweet onion with delightful crunch added by the delicious Arizona pistachios!  The crust was perfect!  Thin enough not to overwhelm the flavors of the well designed ingredients yet just thick enough at the end of each slice to add a crispy finish to a delightful experience.  I really don't think my review does true justice for Pizzeria Bianco.  One must experience it for oneself to see how spending 3 hours to eat pizza could be one of the best dining experiences ever!  Cheers Chef Bianco!
