pSQFynH1VxkfSmehRXlZWw Three years ago we stopped into this joint, only hearing about it on Oprah.  First things first, you are going to wait no matter what time of day you go unless you are the first person in line when it opens (good luck with that).   In fact, I put my  name on the wait list, then went  to watch my beloved Dodgers playing the Dbacks at Chase Field for 6 innings, then walked back and we still waited another 30 minutes!   So naturally, the question to ask is "was it worth the wait?"  To that I answer a resounding 100% yes!  What was impressive was that the owner Mr. Bianco was the only person who cooked every pizza ordered.  Of course he had wait staff, and he had people helping him in the kitchen, but when it came to actually placing toppings and placing the pizza in the brick oven, watching it cook and taking it out when it was ready to be served, it was all him.  I don't know if he still does this now as I heard he was cutting back for health reasons.  But back then, you talk about dedication to your craft and putting care and attention to each pizza personally, Mr. Bianco did it.  In fact, the kitchen was open for patrons to view so I actually watched him do this time and time again for every order.  It is a shame if he does not do this anymore as patrons going now are missing that TLC he provided to every pizza made which I believe makes the difference.   Getting to the pizza I had, it was freaking amazing, and I have had Tottono's NY, Lombardi's NY, Bronx Pizza in SD, and Gino's East in Chicago.   Thin crust is always a favorite for me and the crust consistency was amazing, crunchy, perfectly baked, and the toppings and sauce and cheese...well it makes my mouth water like a pavlovian dog just thinking about it now.   The dining atmosphere was also pleasant, brick themed building, seating was ample, but then again it probably felt that way because every seat was always taken.

Again, be prepared to wait, but I would suggest to do like what local Zonies do, bring some friends, some bottle of wine, find a picnic table outside and enjoy the hot AZ evenings.  (I don't know what you would do in the winter though) Or go and watch a baseball game at Chase Field (that stadium is niceee) to pass the time while waiting.    West coast pizza is well represented by this joint, but then again would you expect anything less from the Best Coast?
