pSQFynH1VxkfSmehRXlZWw This rating is based on the terrible customer service we experienced with the manager that was working the day (11/30) we tried to eat there.  We arrived around 4pm and went to the bar next door (Bar Bianco) because we didn't want to eat til 5:30 ish.  We had a wonderful experience at the bar; the bartender was very friendly, the ambiance is nice, and the wine and beer were tasty.  Around 5 I walked next door to the pizzeria and told the manager I needed seating for 2, she said it would be around 30 minutes and she put me down on the waiting list, I told her I would be next door.  About 30 minutes went by and another employee from the restaurant came over to see who was waiting for a table.  I informed her we had put our name in about 30 minutes prior, she said she would check and get back to me.  Another ten minutes passed and I ended up walking over to find out what the hold up was.  I again spoke with the manager whom acted as if I was bothering her and in a condescending tone she told me my name was on the list and she would let me know when something became available.  Meanwhile there were at least 6 open seats at the bar and 3 empty tables inside.  I went back to the bar and waited another 10 minutes before returning to the restaurant.  When I walked in, the restaurant was about 2/3rd's full but there was plenty of outdoor seating.  The manager told me there was still a wait of about 5 minutes, I expressed to her that we had been waiting for at least 50 minutes at this point and while we wanted to sit inside, I asked her if we could sit outside.  She said we could and told me the bartender was supposed to offer us that option.  Seems to me a good manager would have taken responsibility for being in charge of the operation and that if you have clients waiting to be seated and you have seating available you would get those patrons seated, not put it off on the bartender.  Finally we sit.  At this point the restaurant is probably half full.  The waitress promptly  takes our order and she never comes back.  Ten minutes pass with no food and no update from the waitress.  I finally flag down another employee and tell him to cancel the order cause now we are out of time and have to get to the airport.  From my perspective of what happened that day and reading the reviews here of how this place is supposedly legendary, the only conclusion I could come to is they are famous now and really don't care about the customer experience.  At least that is how I felt the manager acted and how we were treated.
