PswFC6CVWsKKTeh5knTnwA If you're a party of two, Davanti isn't really "tapas"... it's bigger. That being said, I shared five plates with my date. We couldn't finish dessert, which is saying something (and by "something" I mean I went into a cheese coma post-meal).Go with a larger party to taste more dishes without accidentally eating to the point of no return after only ordering a few.

We started with the cannellini bean vasi. The spread was creamy, smoky, and studded with purple onion. A stack of really crunchy toasts drizzled with olive oil were served on the side. The oil seemed like overkill, but it didn't subtract from the dish, so all is forgiven. Next up was the most significant thing that happened to my tastebuds/me in general all week. 

Enter truffle egg toast. Soft yolk, fontina, truffle, asparagus. This plate was definitely smaller than the rest, but it was exceptionally rich and complex. I'm ordering this for myself and stabbing anyone who tries to "share" with my fork next time. We went for the homemade ricotta gnocchi afterwards, which was a great mix - eggplant, tomato, garlic, and fresh, melty mozzarella. The ricotta gave the dumplings a slightly fluffier texture, but it wasn't a huge deviation from the standard. Overall, the mozzarella definitely made the dish.

Last but most, dessert. First up, the goat cheesecake was crustless, topped with caramel and almond brittle. It had a very light texture and musky, rich flavor which needed the sweet contrast of the caramel and brittle. The almond brittle added a lot, and in the future, I'd ask for extra. The Purple Pig was two slices of super crunchy, grilled bread with a dollop of Nutella, homemade marshmallow fluff, and bananas in the center. Simple, delicious, and passable as lunch? Maybe? It's worth a shot.

Everyone was attentive and happy to answer questions, but they wore basketball shorts, were covered in tats and piercings, and just were not givin' a sh*t about their presentation. At an upscale restaurant, it was a refreshing twist that made Davanti feel far from uptight. 'Twas unconventional but thoroughly enjoyable, much like everything else. I'll definitely be back in the market for some of that again soon.
