PUDtJu2bFTvIl1_WhyUIXQ I've lived in the neighbourhood for most my life and never stepped into Vesuvios. Now that I'm not in the area, my friends thought it would be a good idea to check it out on Friday night. 

When we arrived, it was pretty busy, and luckily my friend made a reservation. We were seated comfortably in a booth and checked out the menu. My friend and I decided on splitting the calamari app as well as a Deluxe Pizza. Sharing gives you about 3 slices each which is a good amount with an appetizer. My other friend ordered bruschetta with chicken alfredo. When we were greeted by our servers he brought us waters right away. Then after a bit our appetizers came. Before I talk about food, one thing I noticed is that our table was the only table who did not get any bread. Not sure why that is and I couldn't find my server to ask for any. I thought maybe because we had appetizers we didn't get any but I noticed another table with appetizers and bread. 

The bruschetta was really good. Baguette was nice and crisp, the tomato mixture was tasty. Our calamari was good too. I loved the marinara sauce that came with it! Our mains came shortly after that and I would have to say the pizza was so good! I really loved the thin crust, and the dough was very different from the typical pizza I've had. I'd have to say the pizza was the highlight of the evening. My friend was a bit disappointed with her chicken alfredo. She was sprinkling parmesan cheese from the shaker that was given to us and had to open the lid to get more...but I noticed all the other tables who ordered pasta received a little bowl of parm with a spoon. Soooo not sure why we didn't get one?

Towards the end I felt like my server was non existent. We were all thirsty and needed water. Finally when he came by and asked if we wanted our bills we got water. Don't get me wrong, he was nice and we still left him a decent tip, but I just wish we got our waters topped up more often and the bread and parm missing kind of stuck out in my mind. 

I'll definitely come back for some delicious pizza but maybe next time I'll opt for take out.
