pvCcrHFAGCml492qoQBsQg Gave this place three chances since it has good reviews but just not feeling it. First time i ordered a 5 topping pizza and it came not hot just warm and the toppings pretty much raw. It had a basic flavour and really light on sauce.. but thought maybe it had too many toppings for them/the cooks to handle? I also got a weird look from the server upon ordering it as if that wasn't a good idea or something, so thought I'd give it a second chance..
Second visit i ordered a panzerotti and the pepperoni was completely raw but since it had so much cheese it masked the raw flavor of the pepperoni.  The sauce again was bland and felt like it should have had more.  The one good item was the Caesar salad with chicken, however I find it hard to really mess up a Caesar salad.. 
Third visit i ordered a pizza for a second try but this time with only two toppings and extra sauce (thought I'd learned from the last time).  Once again, pizza came not hot just warm and ready to eat right away.  Once again, the two toppings came mostly raw. The cheese melted very well and the crust a little toasty - so almost burnt base, well done center, and raw top/toppings is how they like their pizza? The sauce once again was bland and not much on it even though i asked for extra.  Maybe they're ovens just cook inconsistently? I don't know.. the so-called "pepperoni" also tasted like mortadella and it was disgusting.

Haven't been to other locations but Woodbridge is just bad.  It's not very clean, bathrooms were dirty - in fact i found someone else's food spit into a napkin when i went inside, go figure! The napkin holders on the tables were filthy, and there's fruit flies once in a while coming at you & your food.  The servers also seemed irritable and very hurried with every customer, in a just get the job done kind of way. The only nice thing i guess was the updated look inside.  I wanted to like the food from this place but i just can't recommend it after giving it multiple opportunities.
