Q1L_Nb1QsD0S9pbng5-kMQ Wow!  Please stay far away from this establishment if you have any food allergies.  They will RIP-YOU-OFF AND PRICE GAUGE YOU!  Tonight, I went to have dinner.  I asked all the right questions about being Gluten and Dairy Free.  The waitress was completely illiterate about the composition and the ingredients of the meal.  Not once did she offer to walk-in the kitchen and ask the chef.  A very nice man-older, stepped in and explained they can make any chicken dish grilled and add the sauce.  Never once did they state if would be an up-charge of $5.00.  My meal arrived and it was 1/4 cup of gluten-free pasta and one thin cutlet of chicken, less than 4 ounces.  There were no vegetables at all.  The chicken was dry and over-cooked.  There was no seasoning at all.  I was starving, so I ate my very small portion of food.  When the bill arrived, I was charged $19.50 for my meal.  I think I fell off my chair. 

Food Cost Break-Down-
1 box of Gluten-Free Pasta ($1.89) and 1 breast of chicken 4 ounces-$6.99 lb at Whole Foods.  Usually you receive 2 full breast( 4 cutlets)- Total Value of Meal: $ 4.00.

I went to the front desk and she sent me over to the owner.  I explained to him that I was never told about the up-charge or even the very expensive meal that I was about to be charged for.  He stated "Gluten-Free Pasta" is very expensive.  Is this an excuse to lie to a customer.  Does he not realize when you ask for "Gluten Free" that you are aware of your allergy and you are aware of the cost of food.  I do go food shopping every week for the last 9 years.  He just was rude and said he would adjust the bill.  The waitress came back with a check for $18.50 for my meal. He took $1.00 off.   This was deplorable and disgusting.  You mark your food cost up over 90%.  Shame on You!!!

You had the opportunity to fix it as the owner and you choose to coat your pockets with my hard earned money.  You are awful man!  I hope everyone who reads this will boycott your restaurant.  You are greedy and your food was AWFUL!
