q3dJQtwZQrrurNT-1bNKgQ I thought this was going to be fun and an exciting dining experience. We had a party of seven in our group.  

I had ordered the most expensive thing on the menu which was a boneless ribeye steak served with garlic mashed potatoes and a house salad with creamy garlic sauce. My drink of choice is the same thing that I've ordered for decades, which is water and I like to squeeze a couple of lemon wedges into my water and put a half a packet of sweet and low in it. It is not unusual for me to drink four or five glasses of water with lemon during my meal. 

On my third glass of water I had requested a few more slices of lemon and one package of sweet and low. When I asked for these extra lemons the waitress got a little aggressive with me and she said that they do sell lemonade. If I wanted lemonade I would've ordered it and gladly paid for it. But I don't drink lemonade because I don't need all the sugar and it's usually too  tangy for my taste. She continued to tell me that management wouldn't give me any more lemons because "people start making their own lemonade". Well I was not trying to make lemonade. She made it sound like it was my fault because I just wanted a couple more slices of lemon and a refill of my water ..which I never got. 

I was very hungry since I had not ate all day so I got the boneless ribeye steak which cost about 41 bucks. I'm not complaining about the price of the steak but I found it ironic that I was being lectured and basically accused of making lemonade. I've never had a restaurant ever give me a bunch of excuses over a 15 cent lemon and a glass of water. 

 My meal finally came out and I definitely was hungry  and planned on eating everything on my plate. I got through three fourths of my steak, cut off another bit and suddenly I realize that there was a long hair in my steak as I began to chew. I found myself at a point  where I was about to gag and throw up in my plate.. which would've totally ruined dinner for everyone. I tried to use my finger to reach into my palate and pull the steak with hair out but that made me gag even more and I ended up swallowing that piece of steak with the hair in it. 

At that point I felt ill and grossed out that I had just swallowed somebody's hair. I stopped eating and pushed my plate away. 

When one of the waiters came by and ask how things were, I tried to keep it very low-key and whispered to him what I just experienced with the hair and I really didn't want to start any drama. Well shortly after that the waitress came out and when I explained to her about the hair she said "well I don't see anything and the steak is almost all gone." My guess is she probably thought I was trying to get something for nothing.  

I  emphasized that I'm going to pay for the steak but I will not be eating here again. The waitress started getting loud and shrugging her shoulders and was looking at me with big eyes and said "well what do you want me to do?" At this point I got embarrassed. Finally she just walked away and I found myself apologizing to everybody in my group if I made them feel uncomfortable since this issue started to play out with all this drama. 

The waitress then came back and asked me if I  wanted the chef to come out so I can explain it to him. At that point  I just said never mind and she just walked off as if she didn't care. I would've thought that a manager with some experience would've came over and possibly offer me an incentive to come back to Capos  so  they could make things right. But no manager was alerted and honestly I don't think they really cared. 

 Also I have to say that the ventilation was terrible in there. It was hot and stuffy. And the terrible karaoke music CD they had playing was stuck in a loop and was stuttering and sounded obnoxious. 

The motif of this restaurant is a "mob" theme. Didn't think I'd walk out of there feeling mobbed. 

 Well, Capos you got my money but you will never ever get my business again. If anyone asks me where to get good Italian food with a professional waitstaff you can bet that I won't be recommending Capo's to anyone. 

This is about my 40th trip to Las Vegas over the past 25 years or so and I've had a few disappointments in the past but nothing like this one at Capos. Nobody likes to pay a premium price for a steak dinner to be treated rudely and insulted. 

 I do not like to complain and will usually keep small disappointments to myself but tonight  I left there feeling disrespected.
