3-6biVwm7VwPZ-k67jml-Q My son's office is only 5mns drive from this place and he invited me today for lunch. I am from France and I love Italy, speak Italian and enjoy the Italian food in general. I have lived 36 years in the States and to find authentic Italian cooking in the SouthWest can sometimes be a challenge. 

I was happy to find out that Andreoli had carpaccio as it is my favorite and it was so delicious. 
I was so glad to taste a carpaccio without heavy olive oil nor capers on it! The shaved parmesan cheese on top is all what you need to enhance the carpaccio of beef. There is a nice light salad under the meat and it is exactly like you get in Italy or France, no tomatoes, nor cucumbers or other veggies like in American salads. It is simple, light with just a drizzle of oil and vinegar but oh so good! For dessert I had the tiramisu cake and it was the best I ever had even in Italy! It melts in the mouth. My son had the Zuppa cake which also was fantastic. His pork sandwich was amazingly tasty. I got a Sicilian pastry to go and I couldn't resist but eat it at home, wow! Great taste, not too sweet, crunchy outside and smooth inside with a cheese, lemon paste. 
My son had already tried the pasta dishes and said they were fantastic. So although Andreoli is a bit far from where I live in the Valley I will make multiple trips to try more dishes in the future, this being my first time. 

To answer some unfair other reviews, as far as the price goes it is NOT expensive for fresh and truly tasty food, I believe that it would be more expensive in a large Italian city for similar dishes! To get that type of food I'd rather go without any trip to Starbucks or another medium of the range restaurant that in my opinion are overpriced no matter what you get because in general the food is so Americanized (bland or chemically enhanced)! My apologies (not) to all the US fast food or chain restaurants that litter the Valley of the Sun! 

The service was fast and very friendly, I can't understand how some reviewers said they had to wait a long time! It must have been a particularly busy time or someone exaggerating!

I realize that the food served there is very Italian and the portions are just like in Italy not more not less, so don't expect any American humongous portions, yet to me it's just right and the food is fresh, no chemicals nor coloring added to enhance the flavors like so many American restaurants, especially fast food! When you eat at Andreoli's you don't feel overstuffed, it's so digestible. VIVA ITALIA! 

Molte grazie Giovanni for a wonderful experience and the decor is also very Italian! It's exciting to find such a place! Arivederci!
