q3dJQtwZQrrurNT-1bNKgQ Capo's Italian Cuisine reminds me of the saying- "Don't Judge a Book By Its Cover"
Once you drive to this restaurant, my impression of the outside, very ghetto. It does look it but it really is not. Its a really unique and cool experience dining here. Besides the look when you enter it will be very gangster, very mafia, mobster feel. Don't let it bother you, me & my other half really enjoyed our lunch. It was our 2oth anniversary lunch. Our Las Vegas trip was for our 20th anniversary celebration and on our special day we dined here. We both had no complaints. 

As a FYI- be prepare to eat in the dark, look at your menu in the dark, once you enter and once you get to the table, it is very dark. Guess its a great way to hide from the mobster!! haha. If you don't mind the dark.  My opinion, this is much more romantic. I had a hard time finding the bathroom in the dark and I had to go with my other half. It was really hard taking photos, you will need to use the flash on your phone. 

We were in the area stopping at The California hotel and I recalled driving by this place,so I checked Yelp and the ratings and food photos looked awesome so Capo's we will go for lunch. They have a great lunch special so we opt for the special. 

OH my!!, Our meals were really delicious except for the salads were mediocre. Our pasta were so authentic. You would be surprised that this place has such amazing food. Our lunch entrées were Capones Carbonara - the fettuccine pasta were al dente, the carbonara sauce was just right, not too rich. Big Dom's Primavera- Penne pasta tossed with fresh vegtables- really loved that the penne was al dente and loved the vegtables sautéed perfect together. Me and the other half tried each other's entrée and we enjoyed them both. The entrée has interesting names but the description sure matches its name. 

Amazing food, great service, and Unique Mobster experience, you have to come check it out for yourself.

Next visit I want to try the calamari, a different entrée, and the cannoli. 
 I can't wait to be back and I will definitely be back @ Capo's during my next Las Vegas vacation!!

#6/100 for 2017
