-L88B-PrtzwujhLuYc2k_g Now its Winterlicious 2017, not normally a place we would go for Winterlicious to be truthful, as we go there three or four times a year otherwise,  and we had an event to go to, we figured let's just book a table. We booked for four people at 5.30 needing to leave for an event at 7pm (5 minutes' walk away so we were close by). The call came from Badali's two days before to confirm the reservation. I was asked do you have an event to go to? I said yes I do I am going to Monster Jam, after the lady caller snorted and laughed at my comment as to where I was going I know she heard me as she validated the information in her clarification response back to me before hanging up.
The day of, two of us were there at 5.30 on the dot, the other two were dilly dallying and turned up 5.40. Fine, we still have time, we order beers.  Beers come, we order food. The place is busy, we can see that, so we were told by our server not to order from the winterlicious menu if we were on a timeline, as the kitchen is too busy so order off the main menu. Fine. We were hungry and were wanting appetizers so figured to speed up the tine we will have everything come together after ordering off the main menu. We order simple things to make, not anything time consuming, again being aware we had an event to go to and seeing how busy it was. 
Two bowls of bread and two pitchers of beer later, we get told our dinner is on its way, panic sets in, the place is emptying, we want to go to monster jam, and its looking like we might be doing it without food. Then 1 hour after ordering, and 5 minutes before the event start time, it turns up. Not going to say there was anything wrong with it, but it wasn't great. Then it wasn't bad either. Actually I take that back, It could have tasted awful actually, I wouldn't know as I had to swallow it down like a dog with a peanut butter sandwich without taking a breath in between so that we could get out fast. 
Our server got the manager for us, he came along and to quote "when you come to Toronto before two major events then you should expect delays in food coming to your table". Two problems with this statement 
1. "when you come to Toronto" - we are all professionals who live and work in downtown Toronto. We were dressed in comfortable clothes given the event we were going to and not dressed in work wear, so that statement seemed to incorrectly stereotype us as being from outside of Toronto. I found that to be extremely offensive as what's wrong with coming from outside Toronto to go to a fun event, even if that's not the truth in our situation I found it offensive.
2. The two major events spoken of were Toronto Rock and Monster Jam, both of which were not sold out and from all of us living and working in downtown Toronto for many many years, can categorically say they are not what would be classed as a 'major event'. A major event for the city would be a sporting play off game or sell out concert. 
The manager leaves after telling my husband to quieten down as other tables can hear. He wasn't even loud, not to mention we were in a section with only one other table in at this time, and who I also overheard complaining to each other about the service/delay/food. 
Our event is due to start, where is our server? Hell if I know. We want the bill, we have to leave, our server knows this, the manager knows this, even the rude lady caller knows this. So we made an executive decision we would put our coats on and go to the front desk to pay. Our jackets are on, the server comes running like we are about to run out without paying. So I guess that's a tip if you want server attention in there, put your jacket on.  The bill came and the manager had taken off 25% to make up for our delay. Which is fine, but25% doesn't replace an apology (which we never got) and not acceptable for the manner we were spoken to and the lack of updates. If I had known it would be that long I would have gone to one of the many pubs in the area for my dinner. 
Like I said, I was reasonably regular to this place, and over the last few years I have had a few peeves with Badali's, the menu is smaller, some of the nicer items (in my opinion) aren't there anymore and portions are smaller. But anyway, thanks to my little annoyances about Badali's over the last while and then being spoken to like that, I wont be going back. neither will my friends who were with me, actually its lucky its me writing the review and not them as I am being polite and glossing over it, they would be much more scathing.
