qABb9Wzdn51VcNHdp_Qhpg Upon entry to the restaurant, we thought with the yummy looking baked goods display, we were in for a delicious treat. However, I can say that I have not been treated worse at a restaurant in my entire life. The customer service gets zero stars, but we ended up having the pizza and house salad which were pretty good, but get only 2 stars since it was fine, not great. My biggest complaint is that we felt very unwelcome, and here's why. 
There are two sections in the restaurant. By the Bakery area there are seats. The back part has tables for dine in. My order was going to be a combination. ...a glass of wine and a nice salad, plus two slices of pizza.
We asked if we could sit in the restaurant area, since most of our order was going to be off the menu and there were no more seats in the front. Instead of making us feel welcome, they had a whole discussion why we couldn't get pizza there, or sit there cause where we were sitting is for ordering off menu only. We were in fact getting salad and wine off the menu.  We were told that there were no seats in the front and that's where we had to sit. (cause we wanted only slices not a whole pie). The hostess was loud and rude, and  I looked annoyed, and then the hostess said "the boss is going to be mad" but she'll just put us at a table in the corner and we can stay.  And we got sent to a table in the corner, with no table cloth, and no utensils like we were imposing. There were no other customers I might point out, that we were taking the table from.Here we are trying to give them money, and they wouldn't go out of their way for our business. They were going to turn us away. Very unprofessional especially in the restaurant business where the competition is abundant.
At first, I thought they were going to bring the utensils and table cloth,  but, they didnt. It then took another 10 minutes for someone to take our order.  I ordered cabernet, and got chianti, and wasn't told till it was to late.  When we were finished with our meal,  the check got dropped off, without us being asked if we wanted anything else- which we did. 
The food may be alright, but I would never return. Its not so good that I need to be treated like they're doing me a favor by allowing me to eat their food.
Two stars, good bakery display, fair ambiance, ok food.
