QcV8KIPKbGRnWQPql55bKQ *this review is for the 2737 W Thunderbird Rd in PHX location* 

this is one of only a few places on the eat24 app that is close by to my house so my husband and i have ordered from here a handful of times since moving here in feb '14. this time around, i wanted to try new items so i got the xango (a dessert) and the cheese calzone (w/ italian sausage and italian beef as extra toppings). i personally can not eat a lot of cheese so i asked in the special instructions for 'minimal cheese please'.  anyway, the order came and everything appeared delish....

however, i cut into the calzone and found out there was A LOT of cheese in it. which was disappointing for me. yes, i know i ordered a cheese calzone so what do i expect?! but i was hoping i could experience a calzone w/ the toppings w/o the side effects of eating a lot of cheese w/ it since my stomach hates it. so thankfully we ordered in and were not out in public cuz i had to get messy w/ taking the calzone apart to eat it. i had to peel and pick off all the cheese i could and try to grab the meaty bits w/ the calzone to eat it lol. i looked pretty foolish honestly. but when i looked at all the cheese i had to take out of the calzone, it was RIDICULOUS. so i dunno if the person who made the calzone even paid attn to my instructions or what... i did take a pic as proof of how much cheese was in it so if u see it on the site, it looks odd and gross but don't worry, it's just cheese! lol... but yeah, smh, makes me wish i had given in and gotten domino's instead, at least they pay attn to ur special instructions and preferences!

i also got the xango for the 1st time cuz i love sweets. yes, it's a 'cheesecake roll'  so i was risking eating more cheese, but i thought it would be worth it. oddly tho, the filling tasted more like banana (i think?) than cheesecake??? sooo idk what's up w/ that lol. either way tho, abt halfway thru eating it, i just squeezed the filling out of it and ate the roll w/ minimal filling lol, which was tasty btw lol.. 

oh and my husband got a 1/2 lb burger and all the times in the past he got it, the temp was fine (medium well-well done), but for w/e reason tonite, his burger was medium rare (he hates this temp for meat) so he was partially disappointed as well :///

so ultimately, rosati's pizza tonite on 7/2 was a partial hit but more a miss :/ the rest of the time that i've eaten their food, it's been basically the same w/ avg food, nothing special and a few flaws i wish hadn't happened but nothing bad enuf to demand a refund per se. but there's more than 1 location for this restaurant so idk if other locations r better or what...
