31acLzszeCCpeXmyAnoTdg Let me explain for my slightly harsh review. I had super high expectations of this place because of heir sister restaurant, Good Food on Montford, which happens to be my favorite restaurant in Charlotte. I think the Muffett Group have what it takes and can take a critic or two from a fan to give them the push

The decor itself bothers me. I can't put my finger on it. The tables are so close together I almost took a spoonful of my right hand diners risotto. 

I love Prosecco and they happen to have have it on tap, sounds awesome right? It did To me too until I had it. It tastes like Brut rather than Prosecco, it was dry not sweet but I love bubbles so that wasn't entirely a complaint (drank it with ease). 

I am convinced that The fried chickpeas are dehydrated and not made in house but unexpected so I give them that. However all the other antipastos aka appetizers we had fell short. I happened to really enjoy the Brussel Sprout Pizza, so unexpectedly delicious. 

I ordered the veal saltimbocca was so disappointing. While my first few bites I really wanted to like it , the veal was really thin, then followed a layer of cheese and a layer of prosciutto- all this on top was amazing it over powered the veal. The creamy polenta was fantastic though. 

I have tried to make it a point to only try desserts that are either a staple to the origin of the food served or if it sounds out of the norm...so I tried the Zeppolis which were an airy delight! I also tried the Pear Skilet Cake with Avocado ice cream , sounds amazing right? Yes but individually, not sure of they paired. Why not a salted cartelized bacon in the avocado ice cream? Just not with that cake. I leave it to them to fix. 

Let me touch on service. The bread with olive oil was served while we were almost done with our appetizers , really? However our service hosts themselves were very friendly.

All in all, I'm hoping for a change to come the spring/summer. I hope I won't be disappointed, again.
