31acLzszeCCpeXmyAnoTdg Brussels Sprout Pizza (see photo) ... the end!



More?  Okay, here's the real review:

Though we arrived without making reservations on a late Friday evening, it didn't take long to get seated at the pizza bar.  The GM (and hostess for the evening) was a friendly, bubbly gal who handled our waiting time expectations very well.  Besides, we didn't mind since it gave us a chance to warm up near the fireplace.  On to the food that evening ...

Stuffed Peppadews, Anchovies and Radicchio, & Chicken Skins w/Olive Spread, House-Made Ricotta & Eggplant Caponata - A little gimmicky, but guests can select from a wide array of snacks to whet the appetite.  Of our selection, Chicken Skins, while simple, were executed with precision such that it was light, crispy, and not too greasy.  Also, I could put their Olive Spread on anything - hell, a napkin.  Napkin with Olive Spread?  Seconds, please.  

Grilled Octopus - Slightly hesitant on octopus in general, but better than your run-of-the-mill calamari appetizer.  Flavors abound.  

Brussels Sprout Pizza - Friggin' amazing.  Fired to perfection in a stone pizza oven, the marriage of pecorino and pancetta complimented the Brussels sprout so well we scarfed down the pizza within minutes.  It had a tinge of heat (spiciness) underscoring the pizza - gotta love that too.  Rest assured, any pizza elsewhere from here out will severely pale in comparison.  YOU MUST GET THIS (and invite me).

Gnocchi - IMO, one of the staples to judge an Italian restaurants by.  Stagioni passes the test.

Zeppoli - Italian beignets with a scoop of salted caramel gelato.  While the gelato was a great way to end the meal, the beignets could have been baked a little longer.  Hey, every restaurant has to have SOMETHING to work on - this minor point is theirs.

A spectacular dining experience.  I look forward to coming back for the Brussels Sprout Pizza (of course) and the Brodetto Di Pesci (the two chicks next to me were loving this mixed seafood dish - think Herbal Essence shampoo commercials).  
 
Oh yeah, big ups to Wilson, yo.  Great service and on-point recommendations.

dmo out.
