qFqueIKCVF5PlXmjl1YY9Q Frost is a great gelato shop that has a lot of unique and interesting flavors.  Sometimes, it's hard to pick just one or two, but I usually make up my mind pretty quickly.

Their best selling flavor is Seasalt Caramel and I have to admit it is one of my go-to flavors when I'm having a tough time deciding.  One of my personal favorites is their Dark Chocolate.  It's pretty thick and is almost like eating a cold brownie, but I think it's delicious and get it almost every time we go.

One of my only complaints about Frost is, as soon as you go through the line and get up to the counter, the employees ask what they can get for you right away without giving you a chance to look in the case to see what flavors they have.  I know that theer is a menu on the wall, but they do have seasonal flavors that are not listed on the menu and I usually need a few moments to browse the case to see what strikes me that day.

The other thing about their menu is that it is not always accurate.  As I write this review, I am looking at their menu online and see that they have Butter Pecan listed as a flavor but on one visit when I tried to order Butter Pecan they told me it was a seasonal flavor and they did not have it available.  This can be concerning since I cannot trust that the flavors on the menu are the flavors in the case.

They only have four indoor tables and during the busy times this are usually packed but there are a few tables outside and while it's not 117 degrees out, they are a nice place to sit.

Frost also has some great no-sugar added flavors which is nice.  I usually end up going to Frost with my wife and 18 month old so (who loves bananas) so its nice to be able to get him a no-sugar added banana gelato and not feel like I'm filling him up with terrible things that he shouldn't be eating.

Overall, Frost is a great place and we love going there.  When you go, tell the staff that you need a minute to look at the falvors they have and they will give you the time you need.  Frost is also open later than most of the other stores in the San Tan mall (10pm during the week and 11pm on the weekends), so it's nice to have a late-night place to hit before the day is done.
