qpBfYbkPmXIFWVQ7pLkQ_w Went back to this OG tonight. Interesting show.

As I was walking up to the table, I saw server Crag (mentioned in my first review) was waiting on the tables around us. So before he could greet us, I said to the others in my party "we need to get moved to a different section". Apparently, the hostess had told someone else in my party that we had a different server, so we settled in and watched to see how things went.

Our excellent server tonight was Kayla. She did a great job. We gave her a diverse set of requests with our order, and she met all of them perfectly. She was attentive, friendly, suggested several upgrades, and generally continued to restore my faith in this location (like Adam and Joey had done before her). Her tip reflected it.

Meanwhile, I watched the tables around us get ignored by Crag again. I thought it was sad that he was still working there, and still meeting his especially low level of expectations that he set for us when we were unfortunately sat in his section. Except this time, there was a manager going around asking the tables if they were happy with their service and food. The tables on both sides of us said the service was really slow and had some other complaints about wrong orders, unfilled glasses, and missing utensils. One of the tables was seated at the same time as us, and in the entire time they were there, Crag showed up exactly twice. The manager had to comp their meal. Not sure how Crag is still working there, especially since there are so many good servers working there, and especially since Crag is costing them money now with his consistently bad performance.

Anyway, the food was good as usual.

I do recommend this location now, and if you ask for Adam's, Joey's, or Kayla's sections, you'll be very happy with the service.

One last point: kudos to the manager (I didn't get his name, but he had short blonde hair and was a consummate professional); he did a really good job of making the customers happy (especially Crag's victims), and he kept the dining room flowing. Nice work!
