QrO_VmwDfdO5NzfmBeNhQw It just wasn't my style. Based on the pictures and menu I was hoping the atmosphere and ambiance of the restaurant would be more quiet / romantic, but it's more on the casual side. 

As far as positives go, the wait staff was very attentive, provided us with things like butter for the bread when we asked. We were seated quickly, and the fixtures in the restaurant all look quite new, and stylish (particularly liked the style of the stone tile feature wall along the back of the dining room)

The bruschetta was much more cheesy than typical bruschetta. We found some of the food to be very salty. The calamari didn't have any form of breading as you would expect, and was served on paper with tongs.

For main course we both tried the seafood linguine - portion was good and there was a good amount of seafood included, but again, the saltiness was too much. 

Based on the reviews here, it appears that many people do enjoy this restaurant, so my opinion is in the minority. There was clearly a disconnect between expectations and experience, and in the end this place is not for me, but glad to see that a family restaurant can maintain clientele and business in the competitive restaurant industry for so many years. that alone is something to be proud of.

**Added November 7th in response to manager**
The pictures of the restaurant look quite nice, that's why we decided to go. It's not that we are looking for booths or some privacy or anything, in fact, we were just hoping to get the atmosphere that the pictures portrayed. I have nothing against the big family dining locations, I often find more to enjoy in a place like that, my comment is merely to point out the disconnect experienced between the beautiful pictures shown and the in-person experience. And I did look at reviews, and found mentions of quiet, - one literally said "Classy jazzy quaint and romantic".

As for the saltiness, I didn't mean to imply the bruschetta was salty - I have edited that in the description above to clarify. Regarding cheesiness, I'll be honest, only on the rarest occasions have I had bruschetta with cheese, and even then it's only a little. I guess I am more used to the more common style that doesn't have a lot of cheese.

The calamari was on the salty side, but sometimes calamari is prepared that way, so I can accept that. It's just the calamari wasn't breaded as you typically expect. I'm by no means a chef, but this was the first time I've ever had 'fried' calamari that didn't have a little crispiness to the fried batter. There wasn't really any notable batter at all. You are right though, I did see the picture showing the calamari, and that should have signaled to me, but pictures are often an unfair judgement, and taste should be what matters, which is why I gave it a shot (it's one of the items I typically order at Italian restaurants.)

We ordered the seafood pasta because that's my favourite dish, and I was glad to see you had one on the menu - which I certainly reviewed before visiting, in no way am I expecting Michelin-star food. The seafood pasta was definitely salty. I don't know if that came from the sauce, or how the seafood was seasoned / prepared, but it was. And though I didn't mention it before, the shrimp used in the seafood pasta were cocktail shrimp - which get rubbery when cooked again...

You are right, I didn't mention the good qualities, so I have added that above as well so that it counts. I'll even bump up the rating, because I do appreciate your effort to reach out...
