qRymrsLmlA34bC8PvNoujg I try to be generous when it comes to "family owned" businesses, but this one needs a wake-up call before it goes out of business for lack of business. 

I could not wait for the place to open this past October. You can smell what seems to be yummy-ness in the air outside the restaurant and inside. I haven't had the occasion to dine in there but I decided I'd order take-out tonight (Fri 1/6/12) to give it a try. Man was I disappointed.

First, some reviewers have written "a little pricy", I have to say IT IS VERY OVERPRICED. I mean, you'd expect to pay too much on the strip (still for a decent portion) but this is a neighborhood spot across from a grocery store. 12 bucks for 1 skimpy meat skewer, 1 "vegetable" skewer of sliced tomato & onions, about 1.5 tablespoons of dill sauce, chencey chopped salad with a thimble-full of dressing, and 1/2 of a pita, cut into fourths so that it gives the appearance of more. I mean for $12 you could at least give a whole pita; it's cheap bread. This had to be the skimpiest meal I've had in a long time. I was really hungry and I don't eat a lot of food. But I was still hungry when I finished. I think there might have been enough food for my 3 year old nephew. But any restauranteur should know that if you load up the plate with cheap sides (rice, salad, bread). You've at least given the appearance of a generous portion.

.... but let me continue. 

Second, the quality was really bad. There was a big wad of moistened seasoning mix in my rice that I bit into - yuk! Yet, the rice was dry, dry dry. The salad was too much chopped onion, some chopped cucumber (I'm guessing they chop them small for the dill sauce and save some for the salad), chopped lettuce and a few kalamata olives. The featured skewers (lamb & tomato/onion) were okay but I've had skewers just as good at the kabob place with the same amount of sides for half the price. By the way, the olives were the tastiest part of the entire meal.

Finally, the food temperature was just above warm. I'll give them a little reprieve in this area because they said it would be ready in 10-15 minutes. We live just around the corner from the place and we picked it up at 15 minutes. I guess they hadn't planned on packaging to maintain the temperature of the food.

So will I return, nope, not without a half off coupon so that I can get my money's worth. I will continue to search for quality Greek food and know that I can get a least better food at the Mad Greek.
