qtc1YZix_5lHBJTZq7DOpA Zeffirino claims to be a quintessential Venetian restaurant.  In reality, it is a quintessential Las Vegas restaurant, which happens to be located at the Venetian Hotel.  Zeffirino is so concerned with maintaining it's fake upscale, fake Italian image, that it almost forgets to pay attention to the food.  Yep, you heard me: the food is an afterthought here.  If you don't believe me, check out their website, which is dedicated to the decor more than the menu.

Don't get me wrong, the decor here is top notch.  Second floor dining with giant balcony windows, overlooking the hustle and bustle of the Grand Canal is very impressive.  The restaurant affords amazing people watching opportunities.  What could be better than watching hordes of beautifully dressed men and women parade on the "street" below you?  Before you even get to the second floor, you find yourself in a giant library on the first floor.  Antique furniture, a piano, vases - the place looks and smells like Ron Burgundy's apartment in Anchorman.  By the time you get to the second floor, you expect to have a dining experience of your life.

Our waiters definitely valued form over substance as well.  Clad in tuxedos and looking very refined, they evoked feelings of reverence and respect.  Sadly, I may have overestimated them.  I realize I was in Las Vegas and not particularly dressed up, but it was no excuse for snooty attitude and mild ambivalence.  I have a piece of advice for Mr. Waiter at Zeffirino's: don't just assume, OK?  I'll put up my food knowledge against yours any time, any day.  Your attitude was insulting and uncalled for, as was your inability to read people.  If you really had been a waiter for that long, you would have been able to recognize a knowledgeable customer. 

Now, on to the meal itself.  We had a $39 four-course prix fixe menu, which is what brought us out to Zeffirino in the first place.  As is the case in many restaurants, I had to ask for the prix fixe, since it wasn't brought out to us.  They did bring us bread, olive oil and olive spread, all of which we really enjoyed.  We asked for "more bread and more spread" a couple of times, and the busboy promptly brought it for us.

I started with a Caesar salad which wasn't exciting.  Perhaps, it's my fault for ordering a boring salad, but it definitely wasn't my fault said salad was really bland.  The second course was standard, a plate of ravioli.  The ravioli was prepared al dente, and was easily the best part of the entire meal.  My third course, chicken parmigiana, was pretty bland and very forgettable.  I swear, I've had better dishes at the Olive Garden.  Finally, the dessert course consisted of unlimited coffee or tea, as well as 3 tiny (size of a postage stamp) pieces of tiramisu, cheesecake and carrot cake.  As was the case with each of the courses, the presentation was great, but the food was barely aspiring to mediocrity. 

That said, any restaurant in Las Vegas that has a $39 prix fixe, welcomes walk-ins at 8 pm on a Saturday night, and gives you a table overlooking the upscale mall deserves at least 3 stars.  The next time I am hungry and reservation-less in Sin City, I might end up at Zeffirino again.
