Quayv4ZFz7z9xKQHnXbQQg Cuttlefish is in the Shops at Gainey Village. A hop, skip and a jump away from my one of the places I work. Alas, I waited for the busiest nights to test the newest seafood joint. (A band was playing outside.) I was surprised then when our party was greeted like part of their extended Italian family.

"Hmm. Better return for my *own* experience." Turns out Cuttlefish offers a familial experience to everyone. (Smooches, hugs by Vincinza and Gino!) I later asked my friends how many times they had visited to warrant such fanfare. (Once.) I returned the next day for some more love. The food was that unbelievable.

Then I learned about their killer HH. (2pm-8pm!) Details at the end. Dangerous information.

FOOD
So the food. Hoh. My. Goodness. If I could cook it would be like this. But since I can't (shh) I would eat here all the time. After careful deliberation (too many mouth watering choices) I devoured the sea scallops. They're served on a delightful bed of risotto. The scallops were gingerly cooked to perfection, topped with bacon and a jam of sorts. My Instagram title for the photo is "Orgasmic". Yep. Paired with a simple salad of mixed greens (which was generously sized) I was stuffed. 

....and yet....Our table shared a dessert called Cassata. Sweet goat cheese was whipped into a surprising treat. I say "our table" but really that means I ate most of it :) Gino, who waited on us like a cousin, suggested an excellent bottle of Italian pinot noir by Candoni.

DESIGN
The exterior of the restaurant offers wonderful, refined table dining. The interior of the restaurant is designed with Italy in mind. The oyster bar is surrounded with Vespas. Yes, Vespas! Cutest thing ever. (Seriously, have a peek at my photos.) The main dining area offers plenty of seating options. Four top tables with chairs sprinkle the center area. Booths line the walls. The booths are for 1-2 adults. The bar area also offers high top seating. This is a place to impress!

CUTTLEFISH?
Oh, you have to try it. Calamari lovers will rejoice. This is better! I needed some schooling so I asked my waiter Matt for the 411. A Cephalopod is any member of the molluscan class Cephalopoda. (Props to Matt for being able to spell that for me.) These buggers are characterized by bilateral body symmetry, a prominent head and a set of tentacles. Sometimes cuttlefish are called inkfish, referring to their common ability to squirt ink. Boom.

Cuttlefish, the restaurant, flies their speciality in *all* the way from Sicily. They weigh, on average, 23 lbs.

MUY IMPORTANT
HH is 2-8pm! (Woooot!) $3 off the bar menu. $3 off glasses of wine. $3 off specialty drinks. Bottles of wine are 30% off.

This is a new staple in my eating rotation. Come and be merry here!

p.s. Try the Date Lollipops to share. The smoked bacon is like nothing else. The mixture of dates, bacon, blue cheese and agave is mm-mm-mm!
