Quayv4ZFz7z9xKQHnXbQQg Cuttlefish does three things perfectly:
1) Food - just outstanding.  We sat in the bar area and just picked things off of the happy hour menu. The Fish Tacos? Perfect.  Big pieces of fish (but appropriate for the tortilla size), crisp, fresh cabbage, perfect seasoning... mmm.  We tried the three types of oysters they had, and they ended up being so fresh and delicious that I wasn't adding horseradish to them - just fresh delicious oysters.  We had the smoked fish board, which was equally incredible, with this rich creamy mascarpone that just made every other soft cheese I've ever eaten feel unnecessary.  And the surf and turf skewers.  Just awesome.  I recommend every bit of it.
2) Atmosphere - Cuttlefish is the sister restaurant of Notorious Burgers/Kitchen next door, and both of these places are just super classy, with really interesting, engaging (but not distracting) decor, that makes the entire experience just fun.  The oyster bar is surrounded by chopped-off bikes, which I will absolutely be back to sit on and consume unreasonable amounts of oysters.  The divider between the private dining area and the rest of the restaurant is inspired, the booths are comfortable, large (I'm a skinny dude but I like a lot of space), and feel luxurious - not cheap.  And the music really sets the mood.  This would be a great place for a date (ask and make sure he/she likes seafood first, of course).
3) Customer Service - I stopped here yesterday after spending all day traveling.  Just looking at the place from the outside, you know it's a classy joint, and after spending 6 hours cooped up in a plane, I'm still wearing jeans and a t-shirt, I kind of expect to walk in here and be treated like a second-class citizen.  Totally NOT the case.  I might be a common man, but I had nothing but smiles, service, and help from the moment I stepped through the door.  I've been to their sister restaurant many times, so I don't think this is the result of good management and smart hiring - not a one-off experience.  The people who work here are helpful, respectful, friendly, and generally just pretty damn cool.  Everybody seems to be happy, and that makes all the difference.

Anyway, if that was too long to read: It's a freakin' awesome place.  Go there.  Preferably with someone you want to impress.
