r_KDxVcTZVEigYepnoJ6Lw Leith is no stranger to good eats of all varieties, and Cafe Domenico is another in a long list of restaurants that has solidified my opinion of the district being a culinary headquarters for the city.

Cafe Domenico is set up in a tiny building off Commercial Street that is easy to miss unless you are looking for it. Don't let the outside fool you though. The interior is intimate without being cramped. Italian decor fills the walls without feeling cheesy. They've really managed to capture the spirit of a Roman trattoria with a low key setting and simple menu.

Brittany A. and I stopped by about an hour and a half before closing on a Wednesday night. The cafe was fairly packed at the time, but we were seated instantly. The staff are very cordial and will go out of their way to make you comfortable, including checking your coat. The menu is composed of several pasta dishes, some mains, sides, and desserts. Some of the dishes are classic Italian, while others infuse a Scottish twist. Ever tried veal and haggis pasta? They also run a few daily specials. From Monday through Wednesday night the cafe offers a pasta dish and a glass of wine for only £8.50. I couldn't resist such a deal, while Brittany opted for the lasagna on special for £10. We both split a starter of their mozzarella garlic bread, which uses panini pressed Italian bread covered in garlic, butter, and melted mozzarella atop a bed of rocket. 

When our mains arrived I could not believe how huge the portion was, since the menu stated that the pasta special included a 'small' portion. My dish was composed of a large bowl of penne pasta, covered in a pesto creme sauce with a head of broccoli and spinach thrown in. I asked for a heap of freshly grated cheese and pepper thrown in for good measure. The pasta was perfectly cooked, and the creme sauce delicate and flavourful. I was so stuffed that I did not get a chance to sample their tasty looking desserts.

Cafe Domenico is what the UK needs more of - a humble, family run eatery that knows its customers like family and creatively adapts a cuisine to its locale.
