r5PLDU-4mSbde5XekTXSCA When the moon hits your eye, like a big pizza pie, that's...Defalco's.  It's hard to find a good deli, and after living in New York for six years, it's almost impossible to find one that matches up with the Big Apple.  We walked in, and the first thing to come to my mind was, "Where to you order?"  As you walk in, the grocery store is the main focus, with Italian spices, snacks and the best part, wine, filling the store, I wasn't sure what I was in for.  The ordering counter for the sandwiches is in the very back, not to be mistaken for the deli counter right next to it (though after looking at the selections, you can be assured that I'll be back for that too.)

The selection ranges from a multitude of sandwiches, to basic Italian pasta dishes.  It's always nice to not have to meander through a menu when you are hungry.  Along with the two people I was with, our order was placed.  The prices seemed very reasonable, and we also were able to order a beer from the counter.  I ordered the Italian Sausage sandwich with roasted peppers, one friend got the chicken parmigiana and the other copied my order, but with cheese.

The dining area is very simple.  One are is designated for tables while other areas happen to have tables in areas throughout the store.  We sat down, and to our amusement, they had three flat screen TVs up for people to watch sports.  It's playoff time, so we took in the AFC Championship game.  Our food came out rather quickly when one of the guys from behind the counter came out and called our number.  (Note: keep your receipt after getting it because they right your number on it.)

I dug into my sandwich like an Ethiopian into a Big Mac.  The sauce was wonderful.  Rich in flavor, it had a certain spice that brought out the perfectly cooked peppers and the sausage.  The sausage was perfectly cooked, but to my dismay, there was only one sausage in it.  Now I have to admit, I love Italian food, and I might be a little soiled for my time in New York, but I was hoping for a little more.  My friend who got the Chicken Parm let me take a little sample (sacrifice for the good of a Yelper) and I would give it two major thumbs up.  Sauce good, chicken good, pasta good.  I got a little jealous, but don't get me wrong, the sandwich was awesome.

Defalco's is a great place for a quick bite or even an intimate evening for a couple who doesn't want the hassle of a restaurant.  The food was good, and though I might have had issue with the portion size, that could be me just being a large man wanting more of a good thing.  I would also recommend Defalco's for those of you who would like to make romantic dinners at home.  Italian food is very easy to make, and who could deny Lady and the Tramp as a wonderful representation of Italian romance.  One thing for sure, this Tramp would take his Lady to Defalco's.
