r6I3Y_wUn8ncKs44vlqu-g The weather turned cold and rainy my first evening in Montreal, but after being stuck on a plane for six hours, I was determined to take a walk and have a good meal.

I found Cibo et Vino in one of the hotel guides, and as I love Italian food and the resto was within walking distance, I set our for a bit of adventure. Armed with an umbrella provided by the Fairmont, I arrived at the restaurant within 10 minutes, a bit wet and famished.

At the door I hesitated to enter, not because of the menu, but because I could see only one occupied table. Still, the promise of pasta overruled my trepidation. It was, after all, Monday--a typically slow night.

The decor was quaint Italian and the menu was fairly simple: soup of the day, a few salads, pizzas, and about a dozen pastas--mostly classics, with some twists. I ordered the cream of mushroom soup and, though the sauce would be similar, I decided on one of the signature dishes: pasta Cibo with a cream sauce, mushrooms, prosciutto, and green onions. When the waiter took my order, he asked what type of pasta I'd like, which was a pleasant surprise. I opted for fettucini.

My generous bowl of soup arrived a short while later, along with a delicious freshly baked/warmed roll. The soup reminded me of a cream of mushroom that I once made from scratch years ago. There was a good depth of flavor, and the soup had just a hint of cream. It was perfect for a rainy night, and I had to prevent myself from finishing the whole bowl.

By then the other diners had departed, so I had the entire restaurant to myself and settled in to decide on plans for my visit to Montreal. After a short wait, my pasta arrived. Even in the low light, I could see a nice yellowness to the pasta. When I asked the waiter later if the pasta had been made in house, he said yes. It had that silky texture but toothsomeness that only comes with homemade pasta. The fettucine, bathed lightly in a rich cream sauce, was studded with chunks of prosciutto, slices of mushrooms, and slivers of green onion. The waiter had offered me some fresh pepper, and it really enhanced the flavors of all the other ingredients. Unfortunately, I was too full to finish the entire pasta--though I gave it a good try--and I also skipped dessert. 

As I surveyed the empty restaurant, I hoped that it was usually far busier. The food was much too good to not have a room full of happy customers enjoying it.
