RQTatUj2f9Nz9JViTH4aAQ Our dinner at Different Pointe of View was perfect. We did the chef's tasting menu with the wine pairing and got completely spoiled. The tasting began with a succulent lamb tenderloin, which was a bit unorthodox, but what an excellent way to start! It was cooked a perfect medium rare and garnished with homemade gnocchi, mushrooms, and beet purée. Next was a seared diver scallop with a delicious little side salad, followed by the chef's special that night- Norwegian cod. Before the main event, we were given a lemon sorbet palate cleanser and a "bonus" shot of their DELICIOUS lobster bisque- which, by the way, was the best I've ever had! (And apparently took 30 hours to make!) Finally, we were served a melt-in-your-mouth braised short rib. The menu ended with their famous creme brûlée and a chocolate turtle ganache. The wine throughout was just as epic- unique red and white grape blends from California and Arizona to compliment the chef's theme for the evening...which the sommelier apparently learns of as the chef goes! The portions and pours were some of the most generous I've experienced with a chef's tasting, and we somehow found it in ourselves to top off the evening with cappuccinos and chocolates before taking in the stunning views. 

Did I mention the views? The giant windows open out onto a beautiful view of Phoenix and the surrounding peaks. And the patient staff are eager to usher guests to the balcony for individual photo shoots against the incredible backdrop.

And speaking of the staff, everyone was absolutely lovely. From the exceedingly friendly hostess who brought us drinks when we showed up half an hour early, to the gentleman who smiled at us each time he filled our water glasses, the staff was top notch. Our server was a trip- so much fun and so enthusiastic about sharing the entire experience with us. He felt like a friend by the end of the evening...as did our sommelier, who was warm, laid back, and joked with us as he relayed the stories behind all the wines.

I obviously can't praise this place enough.

Oh and P.S.- we're going back tonight for a wedding. Muahahahahaha. Round 2 suckaaaaz!
