RQTatUj2f9Nz9JViTH4aAQ As romantic as it can get. I have now eaten here several times and cannot believe I have never completed a review. Let me first say that this is what all upscale restaurants should inspire to be. If you are looking for a romantic place to take your sweetheart you can do no better. This is the first place that my wife said she loved me. Need I say more... Come before dark and watch as the city comes alive before you with the twinkly lights of the Phoenix city center. Located high up on top of a hill inside the Pointe resort even the drive to the top will inspire you to what you are about to experience. The ambiance and arrangement of tables makes for a very upscale dining experience.

Service is superior and they are obviously professionally trained and coached. We were greeted by reception by name and felt served from the very start. Never can I remember in all the times I have been here that I was interrupted mid sentence. So many places we have gone where the server just walks right up and starts talking. I find this rude and happily I have found the Pointe of View to not be lacking in class. They are there just as you begin to think you need them. 

Their wine list is very extensive and their servers are very qualified in wine pairing to your meal. One of the only places I would ask them to recommend the wine for the dish. I am certain they know all the ins and out of every dish and can perfectly match to your taste preferences. 
Well if anyone has ever been they know now what I am going to say. The Lobster Bisque is the best I have ever had anywhere in the world. We have gone many times just to enjoy this dish and a salad with a nice glass of wine and the best view in Phoenix. We have tried their menu extensively and have never been disappointed. I will not name here as you can examine their menu online and all their dishes are superior. Never will you feel rushed to clear a table and never will you feel ignored. My my as I write this I think I am going tonight! This is number one on my restaurant list in Phoenix and the surrounding Metro area. A little pricey so maybe you not somewhere you would go often but always go here for a special romantic occasion.

Kurt G
