RQTatUj2f9Nz9JViTH4aAQ As Valley residents for over 30 years my wife and I have long been aware of the Different Pointe of View, but had never dined there.  We had been to Different Pointe in Time several times, but never "up high."  For those who don't know, DPOV offers a nice view of downtown Phoenix along 7th St, especially during the winter and spring when the sun sets relatively early.  It perches high atop a mountain peak adjacent to the Pointe Hilton Tapatio Cliffs resort.  Bear this in mind because, while DPOV is often considered a great spot for special occasions for local residents, it is a resort and there is no apparent dress code in the restaurant.  The night we were there we observed patrons in flip-flops, shorts, T-shirts, and baseball caps worn backwards at the dinner table.  Not what you'd expect at a nicer restaurant, but it is a resort and these folks are on vacation and didn't feel like dressing up at the least.  This resort atmosphere may also explain why there are no table clothes here, just a wooden table.  
Others here have commented on the drive to the top, the restaurant's atmosphere, etc.  Although many reviewers praised the service, we did not feel it was up to par.  The pace was extremely leisurely and at times very slow.  We waited over 10 minutes for our dessert, and the restaurant was not at all busy.  The pace was so slow that with a 6:30 pm reservation we didn't depart the restaurant until 8:45 pm.
For appetizers my wife had the beef cheeks, which was fabulous.  Skimpy on the portion for $15.50, maybe 1.5 oz of meat, but what a delightful flavor.  I had the parmesan risotto with poached egg and black truffle for $13.95.  Again, just excellent.  Unfortunately, these dishes turned out to be the highlights of the evening.
My wife had the poached pear butter lettuce salad with Humbolt Fog cheese, which we both love, candied almonds, and pomegranate seeds.  We both thought it was good, if a little skimpy for $14.00.
For her entrée my wife had the duck confit.   She loves duck and thought this was delicious.  I had a bite and it was good, if a little dry.  Now, for $36.00 you think you'd get more than a leg and a thigh, after all a duck is not a large bird, but that's all you get, maybe 3-4 oz. of protein, on a risotto bed.  If you have a big appetite I suggest you select another entrée.  Local Christopher's and Crush Lounge's, at the Biltmore plaza, duck breast confit for about the same dollars is far superior.
I accepted our waiter's pitch for the daily special of prawns, served on a black bean puree with squash pellets.  I know the difference between prawns, both biologically and size-wise, and what I got was just large shrimp, 5 pieces.  They were okay, a little overcooked, but they were not prawns.  For $38.00, I could have fed both of us a shrimp dinner at Red Lobster and there would have been little difference in taste.  .  I should have complained to him but he so rarely stopped by the table to follow up that it didn't seem worth the effort.  Plus, I didn't want to wait while another entrée was prepared.
For dessert my wife ordered the carrot cake, another major favorite.  The presentation was different because she didn't get a normal slice, but three half circles of a tubular carrot cake.  Again, for $9.50 we've had better.  The flavor was not overwhelming and the texture resembled fruit cake.  I recommend you try something else.
Overall, I'd say the restaurant's emphasis is on plate presentations, which were outstanding, rather than food quality or quantity.
With three glasses of wine and tip the bill was over $200.00.  I never mind a tab that large if the value and ambiance are there.  Neither of us felt they were and probably would not return.
