rsjrcxOIJm9VdkSNpkXZ9Q I dropped by Via Cibo for dinner last weekend since I was craving Italian. We ordered the Prosciutto Arugula Pizza ($15) which was just ok. The crust was thin which is normally a good thing but not when it gets so soggy that it starts to fall apart. Part of the sogginess could be attributed to the tomato sauce which was really watery. The prosciutto was thinly sliced but could have been more flavourful. The arugula lacked some of the spiciness I've come to expect. The roasted tomatoes added a nice sweetness to the pizza but the seeds were not removed and the juice just added to the sogginess of the crust. I didn't notice any Fiore di latte mozzarella in the pizza but the parmesan did add some flavour. I also would have liked a little more balsamic glaze. All in all, the flavour of the pizza was ok, however, the sogginess of the crust really brought it down to another level.

The Poutine with Bolognese ($9) was probably the best dish of the night. The fries were just ok (not crispy enough) but there were lots of cheese curds and the  bolognese sauce had a good amount of ground beef in a flavorful tomato sauce.

The Gnocchi Gorgonzola ($15) on the other hand was disappointing. On first bite, the gorgonzola cream sauce was really tasty and creamy. However, after a few more bites, it was apparent that the sauce had much more of a garlic flavour than gorgonzola. I also found the sauce extremely rich (probably too much butter). Pancetta, roasted tomatoes green onion and parmasean were also in the dish but their flavours were muted by the overpowering cream sauce. The gnocchi was a little on the heavier side and I found it stuck to my teeth a bit as I was chewing it. Not the best dish in my opinion.

Via Cibo is one of those cafeteria style restaurants where you order at the counter and then the dishes are brought out to your table. When I went up to ask if I was at the right counter, the girl looked at me with no smile and said, "It'll be at least a 30 minute wait (with an emphasis on the" least") and then told me I was to order at the register to the right. I was a little taken aback as it seemed she really didn't want me to order and the unsaid message I heard was "eat somewhere else". I decided to stay nonetheless. The cashier who took my order was friendly and really nice though. I've eaten here before and it was good from what I can remember. Hopefully this was just an anomaly since they were so busy tonight.
