rUy2MtHyFv8pI7FOW1DE8w My two friends and I had a bad experience here.

Short version: despite legitimate out-of-state identification, my two friends and I were denied service by the owner who acted inappropriately and very unprofessional. Offended; will not be returning.

Longer version:
While we were waiting for our table at a busy nearby restaurant to free up, we wandered over to Pino's and thought we'd sit for a glass of wine. We were welcomed in, and we took a seat at the bar. The three of us are recent college graduates, and we presented our out-of-state ID's to the bartender. The bartender examined mine closely, and then took it across to the other side of the bar and handed it to a group of people sitting and drinking wine. I was confused, but shrugged it off as I settled in.

The group passed my I.d. among them and were chatting gaily. The bartender returned to me a moment later and told me that "she" [one of the ladies among the group] wanted to talk to me. I imagined the owner had to be among them, and I good-naturedly approached the group. We made some jokes about my young age, and it went on like this until my friends came over to join the discussion. 

We eventually identified (who I believe was) the owner among the crowd, who communicated to us that she would be held responsible were anything to happen to us or anyone around us within so many hours after we were served, etc. We realized (not that the owner ever told us this explicitly) that we were being denied service, despite being 24 year old adults with legitimate identification. My friends and I were offended, and we left shaken (not that we would let any of that ruin our night).

To be denied service, I understand; but I am very disappointed in how the owner handled the situation:
First, she had no business passing my ID among her friends. If she wished to deny me service, rather than have me come to her across the bar, she would have been more professional to have come to me, identify herself as the owner, and discuss privately her concerns about serving out of state IDs. Second, instead of going on about why she was so uncomfortable with the situation I was putting her in, she should have told me explicitly and in a forward manner than she was choosing to refuse me service.

Finally, her refusal to serve me displays clearly that she is not interested in my business - for I am sure that it is not difficult for a business owner to get a hold of a book of state ID's (with identifying characteristics by year etc.).

I will not be returning.
