rZwq4LBO0p9m9zJ2zSEKNQ This place is phenomenal! We made a reservation for 6 p.m. on a Friday. We arrived at around 5:50 p.m. and were seated right away. It wasn't too busy when we arrived but by the time we left at around 8 p.m., it was almost full. 

The maritni list is HUGE! Seriously, I could have spent an hour reading all of the different maritini's. I started off with a Samurai, which was gin, midori and peach snapps. Yummy and super sweet if you like the sugary drinks. The next one I had was the Lychee martini, much more subdued with vodka and lychee puree. I finished of with a cucumber martini which was amazing and refreshing, also a vodka martini. They also had rum martinis, which we didn't try and scotch and wiskey martinis. My husband had a scotch martini, which he said was good, but he still prefers his scotch on the rocks. So the waiter then suggested a new scotch they had in for the scotch tasting dinner which my husband LOVED. 

On to the food. They brought out bread to start with, homemade white bread and foccacia, with fresh butter shaped into roses and a mango chutney which was very very good. 

We ordered four *thats right folks* four appetizers to begin with. We had the short ribs over gorgonzola polenta, the calamari, the bruschetta of the day which was topped with escargot and pesto, and the fire and ice shrimp and scallops. 

Short ribs: Cooked to perfection, the meat was so tender and the polenta had a nice sweetness and the dish was topped with a balsamic reduction.

The calamari was good, standard, nothing to write home about. It comes with a delicious sauce though.  

The fire and ice shrimp and scallops: Both cooked perfectly and the sauce was seriously to die for, we were slopping it up with the bread. And they removed the tail from the shrimp for you so you dont have to worry about that. 

Bruschetta: More of the yummy bread toasted with a homemade pesto that was nice and thick and not oily mixed with escargot.This was my first try of escargot and I thought it was delicious.

We ordered the sea bass to split for an entree. OMG. This was honestly the best fish I have ever had. It was crusted with seasame and topped with a citrus ponzu. It melted like butter and exploded with flavor in my mouth. YES! It was served with a side of mashed yukon golds and a vegetable medly. 

The owner is the chef and his wife, also the owner, is the pastry chef. She came out and explained all the deserts to us and said she changes them up regularly. She also explained how she doesnt like to use a lot fo refined sugar and like to use things like raisins and fruit to sweeten things. We ordered the chefs tasting and it had carrot cake, creme brulee, bread pudding and baked alaska. It was all heavenly and she was a delight to speak to. Our waiter was great, the owners were great, the food was great and the decor was great. 

We had a fabulous date night and wonderful meal. We will most definately be back!
