s2X_2ri_9Krm0xuciKCR-Q I went in for some dinner after a grueling day of 116 temperature. I was exhausted and wanted to eat something AMAZING and have a nice glass of wine. I must confess.... Italian is one of my least favorite cuisines because it's never done to my liking.... Ever! No, I've never been to Italy..... But I know what I like... Ya know. Anyway, I remember Michelle from Biscayne, directly across the walk way,  telling me about a "beef ravioli" that I just had to try... From there...So I figured.... Well heck! It's on my way to my room, I exhausted .... Let's do it. 

I'll tell you what! The hostess got me a table in a flash! I was sitting alone so she took the second setting away without me even knowing, had bread, EVOO, balsamic and water on the table before I could even blink! My server  Came over to my table within a reasonable time and apologized for having to wait and thanked me for my patience.. So nice of him... Not necessary but super nice anyway. The place was packed!! It was 8:30 at night on a Tuesday. There are not that many seats inside, lol... But boy was it packed!! Ha ha.

This is the kind of place that changes the white table cloth every table turn. I have a thing about tables... So I can't tell you how much I love that!  

The noise level was perfect... You could hear a murmur.... But no conversations specifically. A bit dark, but it was perfect for me because of my exhausting day. Anyway... I decided to order the recommended plate from Michelle, but couldn't find the "ravioli" on the menu. So I asked the server what that may be. He said it was the "Tortellachi di carne". The description looked amazing - Short Rib Tortellachi, 16 hour braised beef belly, fresh spinach in a veal glaze! RIIIIGHT, who wouldn't get that! It was PERFECT. The huge hand made, hand rolled tortellini type thing was done perfect, not mushy, not al dente... Just perfect! Everything was piping hot.... And I swear they put the fresh spinach and garlic on it was the sever was taking out of the window!! Lol. Seriously... Awesome!!! The layers and layers of flavor you get with this dish ... Unbelievable! 
The hand made, hand rolled pasta, then the beef then the spinach then the garlic!! Then Comes the veal, fresh big slices of parmesan and the finish of the creamy bits and pieces of the belly!! Awesome!!! The only criticism I have for this plate is .... A bit too much salt. BUT!! When you add in the bread and the wine.... It balances everything out alright.  I would get that again and again! 

The server checked on me several times, almost being protective because I was by myself. I thought that was very thoughtful! He was not intrusive or annoying. Never tried to start a long conversation and knew I was wanting to get to my room!! He checked in with me to be sure I didn't want desert or an espresso.... As a courtesy... AWESOME JOB! 

If you valet park,- FREE, you can easily get to this place within 1-2 min walk thru the casino. 

The only reason I gave this place 4 stars is because of the salt and the light level. The dish was over salted, but delicious regardless.  If yelp had a 4 and 3/4 star... I would give them that! Honestly.... Everything else was spot on!!  I'll be going back for sure!! 

Thanks for taking such good care of me!
