sa1ZAswk7kEQfg9Mb6iQwQ The service we got here was GREAT. Honestly, if it wasn't the best service I've ever had, it was really close. Our server was knowledgable, friendly, kind, helpful, conversational, and just the kind of server you want to have. She made our meal extra great. All of the staff seemed great and we were given a warm welcome. Our table wasn't ready because we were a bit early but we were offered to start a drink while we stood by the entrance. All of the staff that we interacted with or watched were being super professional, kind, and attentive to the diners. Owner/manager seemed really nice.

The atmosphere here is PERFECT. Dark, candlelit, but still lively. Upbeat music. I think it's ideal for someone who wants to take their date on a romantic dinner but doesn't want the romantic part to be awkward or overkill. Not pretentious. Like a fun bar atmosphere only dressed up nice. (But YOU don't need to dress up!) The place was packed on a Tuesday night with happy laughing people. I LOVE the atmosphere here so much. Passing by at night looking in the window made me really want to make reservations here.

Tuesday is half-price wine night which means you can have your $28 glass of wine for $14. So, not the best "deal" but I really enjoyed the wine I picked. The server was happy to recommend it to me and help me choose from the menu all of my food items. I liked that!

Their bread with olive oil to dip in is very good. The mushroom brushetta was good but messy- do not order it on a first date. The ravioli was very good without being amazing. For dessert we had the panna cotta and the cannnoli and I do recommend them both! YUM!

I enjoyed it here, I'd return, and I recommend it to you. The food was really good without completely wowing me but we had a great meal here.

Lots of happy regulars. People sitting at the bar eating and drinking were having a great time. Bartender seemed really engaging.

Reservations a must. House was packed on a cold, rainy, dark Tuesday December night at 9pm. Maybe half price wine night is a huge draw or maybe it's always like that.
