SAIrNOB4PtDA4gziNCucwg Abundant grilled meats, a bonanza of specialty cocktails.  Very few beers.

I like this place, overall, but the hostesses are definitely the weak point from my experience. 
Made a reservation three weeks prior for a large party to celebrate a friend's retirement.  When we arrived, we stood at the podium unacknowledged while three employees carried on a work conversation for almost a minute. While I know a business requires employee communication, it would have been appropriate to say "Hi, I'll be with you in a moment."  

Considering our reservation was 6pm, most of the dining room was empty, but the bar was packed three deep. The hostess never made arrangements for our group table to be assembled and forced ten of us to stand in the narrow hallway, until the full party arrived. In my opinion, they should have seated us at our table and taken drink orders, if for nothing more than the convenience of their staff and other guests.

Finally, at about 6:15 after I pressed the point, the hostess spoke to some staff and led us to be seated... at two tables of six. Two tables? What? No. That's not what a group reservation means. Then as we stood watching, in the way again, the staff arranged one long table. Finally, we were seated. Things went much better from there.

Our server was pleasant and worked both ends of the table to ensure everyone knew about their 5-8pm food and beverage happy hour.  It took a long time to get our food, but it came out close to together and was relatively tasty. The available time was consumed along with conversation and cocktails. We were a happy bunch. I had the NY Strip, a well-portioned steak with delicious seasoning and cooked to perfection.

Above all, I want to recognize our assistant server, Andre. He was always on top of things.  Bread, water, removing spent glassware, even taking orders for fresh drinks.  Honestly, if it wasn't for Andre, this would be a three-star review.

The kitchen puts out good food.  The servers and assistants were good.  The establishment needs to empower the hostesses to be problem-solvers instead of rule-followers.  Lastly, for  those who enjoy beer, a broader selection would be appreciated, even if it's bottled.

Nice joint.  I'll visit again, but not with more than five friends.
