SAIrNOB4PtDA4gziNCucwg Don't let the exterior fool you... as the saying goes "Don't judge a book by its cover"!! 

I have been to Herbs and Rye several times and have genuinely enjoyed myself each time.  

The service is always great and Gerrardo / G (the bartender) is quite knowledgeable with the cocktails and always accommodating. He alone, deserves 5 or more stars!

This is definitely NOT the place to go to for the froufrou, sweet, flower decorated drinks one commonly finds on the strip, at the hip club of the moment.

This is THE place to go to for some seriously dang good cocktails, made traditionally... just like the days during  Prohibition.  
My husband and I love that they stay true to the era and only have spirits that was available back then. It's a history lesson on alcohol!

We have never ever been disappointed with the drinks.... they are always delicious and well made. 

The food, on our very first visit, was hit or miss.
We came with a group of 10...... the group ordered the filet, mussels, several of the various flat breads and calamari.
My girlfriend and I couldn't decide on what we wanted, so G asked us what we were in the mood for and ensured it would be made. 
We asked for shrimp with linguine. (Thank you G! Excellent customer service!)
The linguine, mussels and flat breads were very good! 
In fact, we wanted more pasta. However, the steaks were over cooked and dry... and the calamari was not crisp and very chewy. 

The next time we visited, we had a group of 17 and it was a blast!
All of our drinks were fantastic and the food was delicious. No complaints from anyone we were with.
My favorite that night was the chorizo meatballs and sweet potato tater tots. YUM!! 

I recently went with a girlfriend who had never been and she was impressed.
We sat at the bar.... and of course, G took very good care of us. 
We took a chance and ordered the calamari (after all, we are human and the chef from the first night may have had an off day)
and the clams.
Both dishes were excellent! The calamari was nice and crisp, topped off with some crunchy prosciutto and a light sauce.
And the clams.... we could not get enough of it. The broth was the highlight of the dish! Perfect for dunking bread in.

I've tried many of the drinks from their cocktail list and my favorite is the Leap Year.  Cheers!!
