3glVZZh_vyZH1VvPU0307A EXTREMELY UNDERWHELMING AND PRETENTIOUS. 
Overhyped and disappointing.

Service: 1/5
Food: 3/5
Price: 2/5
Quantity: 1/5 (portions are small)

To start, our server was snobby and pretentious. According to this too good for you snob, 75% of his clientèle "trusts" him and just asks him to bring food until they are full. Yeah right. Didnt know I stepped into a Michelin restaurant and am waited by the chef. He started out by going into extreme detail of the wine and when i was clearly not that interested, he got all snobby and started to ignore us, taking his sweet time to take our order, clearly believing that we were dining n00bs. I only tipped him 10% because I was pissed at his attitude, and he threw the receipt on the table and walked away without saying thank you or goodbye. Manners, much? You're lucky I didn't tip you a cent.

We got their crustini special for appetizer, with this salami like ham, house-made with pistachio and carrot. It was pretty good so in spite of the bad service, I figured I might be able to handle this place, but it went downhill from there. 

For entrees, we ordered the ricotta and asparagus ravioli and the roasted spaghetti with clams. We asked the ravioli to be without parmasan cheese, and this crudely presented tiny portion of ravioli was covered with cheese. OOPS? The pasta itself was extremely thin and not del dente. The taste was mediocre. The spaghetti with clams was made with brown pasta and it was hard and chewy. The dish tasted like parsley and nothing else, quite unpalatable. Four clams and a small portion of noodles. Not filling at all. 

The server didnt come to check up on our entree and when the busboy came to clear out table and asked us how it was, we both said it was "alright". The guy said, "Just alright?" and we said yes, and then he walked away. 

Needless to say, despite we were still hungry, we opted out of dessert. Two drinks, one appetizer, and two entrees = $70 before tip. We were hungry. We went elsewhere for dessert. There's no reason for me to drop another $20 on mediocre expensive food with bad service.
