se_Wm2uZx2GOcc_m_h9mEg I didn't even know this place existed until my brother told me about this place. He's been a few times before and raved about the food and thought we should go together as a family for dinner. We had reservations for 7pm on a Thurs night and it wasn't busy. Right around 730-8pm was when it started to get super busy. The restaurant is quite small and can get a little crowded.

Service was great, we asked for recommendations and he suggested what was good and we ended up liking our plate. 

We ordered:
Regular Bruschetta
Lobster Ravioli 
Penne al Pesto + chicken
Chicken Parm
Coffee x2
Tiramisu

I was debating between the regular bruschetta or the one with cheese but I opted for the regular one. It tastes different from other places I had bruschetta from - a good different. The bread was soft yet toasty and it was STUFFED with lots of tomatos with extras for flavouring. It comes with 4 pieces. Next time I'd try the bruschetta with cheese.

My mom ordered the lobster ravioli and I'm not a fan of seafood but I tried it anyways. There was a strong seafood smell but the ravioli didn't taste seafoody at all. Sauce was creamy and the portions are big. My mom said this was not bad but felt like there wasn't enough lobster pieces in it. 

I got the penne pesto and I really enjoyed this. At any other italian places, I usually order anything with pesto and chicken so this was my first thing to try. They aren't skimpy with the protein portions either. I had enough to pack as leftovers for lunch the next day! My fav part was prob the amount of flavour the pasta had in it. I love pesto sauce so this is a plus. If you look closely in the pic, theres some nuts in it as well and it wasn't hard nor soft. Good texture so it adds a bit of a crunch in each bite. The sundried tomato I was okay with. Some pieces were too big and hard to chew, but the smaller pieces were fine. 

My brother got the chicken parm and he said the protein portion got a lot bigger as compared to before. He gave me a piece to try and the meat was soft, juicy, and tender. The tomato sauce penne however, tasted very generic. Nothing close to the other 2 dishes we had ordered. 

Coffee was good and strong. 
Tiramisu was OK. It tasted really moist and the bottom seemed too wet that the cake kinda broke after the fork cut it. 

I would come back to try other dishes. There's a whole lot on their pasta menu!
