SEH79jbg5Q8cCozCnhqMHA How can I not give Marcellino five stars?

The food was fantastic - as was the experience.  We'd been hearing about Marcellino Ristorante for awhile but it wasn't until we were looking for a place to celebrate Mother's Day that we thought to check it out.

From the moment I called to make a reservation, we received the friendliest service ever!  I was told that they could take our group at 6:45 and that they'd have a live Opera Singer (specifically a Tenor) in house that night performing - what a treat!  Well - that's what I figured when they told me that.  (None of us were opera fans before and we still are not opera fans, but it did add to the experience!)

We were seated right away and Scott was our server.  He was attentive and patient with us, even when Jared had him repeat the specials several times.  Their homemade pasta specials looked incredible, but I stayed away... Instead, I enjoyed the Insalata Ortolana, a few bites of the Canestina Polenta (if you like polenta and you like mushrooms, get this - it's incredible), and I shared the Gamberi Affogtai entree with my mother-in-law-to-be.  We requested extra veggies instead of mashed potatoes and not only did they oblige, but the broccoli, cabbage, and asparagus we received were delicious!  The shrimp were magnificent as well - juicy and tender!  Oh - I have to also admit to having some of the 'special sauce' they serve with the bread basket... it is tangy and wonderful - if you go, you must try that too.  It's made with eggplant, olive oil, and red pepper I believe... yum!

Jared and his sister had a Caprese Salad (a bit overpriced at $12.95), the Paccatelli al Ragu (a bolognese pasta dish I believe), the Scaloppine al Gorganzola (a veal dish that he enjoyed but serving size was not as big as he'd wished for).  We finished off the meal with an Apple Galetta served with hazelnut gelato and a Panna Cotta (similar to flan).  While I had just a small taste of the apple one, I can report that it was delicious... and since Jared and his mom finished off the panna cotta, i'll assume it was not so bad either.

All of the above plus a pellegrino, a coffee, and a cappuccino for $159.85 before tip.  Note - no alcohol.

So, yes, we wish it was more affordable - but we'll be back without a doubt!
