SeNOJ2zYHziptxLuiRINLg We loved everything about this restaurant!
It was our last day in Vegas and my husband was in the mood for Italian.  I wanted something outdoors to enjoy our last bit of warm weather.  Lago was our answer.
We visited during lunch where they have a prix fix menu for $28 per person.  This includes your choice of appetizer, entree and dessert.  The restaurant is more tapas style so our server warned us about size, but we found the portions to be plenty, especially with the three courses.
We were seated pretty quickly at a nice outdoor table.  The place settings have logo cloth napkins and stylish plates.
Your server will ask if you want sparkling or still water.  If you don't request tap water you'll end up paying $8 for a bottle of Fiji water.  
We ordered the tuna appetizer.  It was a different take on ahi style tuna with a refreshing citrus flavor.  It was, however, just four small pieces, so pricey for what you got.
For appetizers we got the seafood salad and the antipasto.  Both were nicely presented with larger portions than we were expecting.  The seafood was fresh and refreshing.  I just wish there had been more lobster (but who wouldn't want more lobster).  The antipasto was arranged with meat on the bottom around the center with cheese and olives in the center.  There was enough for both of us to try some. 
My husband had the lasagna as his entree.  It has a unique look (being mostly green) but with every bite he took, there was mention of just how good the lasagna was.  I had the beef carpaccio.  It was pretty standard carpaccio but very tasty.  It was served with bread crisps.
Desserts were almost too pretty to eat!  There were two choices so we got one of each. A lemon cake with a lemon sorbet and a chocolate cake with chocolate gelato.  A perfect way to end such a lovely meal.
Courses were spaced out well and we had enough time to enjoy each without feeling rushed or like there was a lag.
We loved our experience and will return again next time we're in Vegas.
