sHnN3JliwVWvGX76Odmlbw For our anniversary, my SO and I decided to treat ourselves to a nice dinner rather than buy each other presents.  I heard about the chef's table at Local, and our decision was made.  As I understood it from the website and other reviews, we would meet the chef who would then talk to us about what we like and don't like, and create an 8 course meal for us.  It sounded amazing!  

The restaurant itself is small and somewhat rustic.  I loved the haphazardly-painted blackboard on the wall.  There was seating for probably about 20 people.  The chef's table is at the back of the seating area, at a little bar looking onto the chef's work table.  The chef who was working there looked no more than 23 years old though, so I knew it wasn't Fabio Bondi.  We were brought glasses of water, and after a little while another chef came to speak to us.  I believe it was the other owner, Michael Sangregorio.  He asked us if we have any particular ingredients that we dislike.  We each named an item, and he confirmed that they weren't going to be on the menu.  But that was the end of the discussion.  I guess that's all that was needed, but not quite what was promised on the website.  

The service was interesting.  I can't say it was bad, but I can't say it was great.  I'm not actually even sure who our server was - we seemed to be served by three or four different people.  Some of them were friendlier than others.  We never knew whether what the chef was creating was for us, or for another table in the restaurant.  It was very cool to be able to watch the young chef do his thing, although it felt a little awkward since he was very quiet and never said anything to us.  

The wine list, as expected, was extensive.  It was also well priced, with most glasses in the $11-17 range.  I was very happy with the glass I tried, which was at the lower end of the spectrum.  

The food though...the food was fantastic.  I can't even remember what all the courses were!  I know that we had house-pulled mozzarella on a bed of arugula, raw fish with apple and pickled cabbage, bison stuffed pasta in a butter sauce, lamb shank, and for dessert little Italian donuts stuffed with nutella.  It was all beautifully prepared, and I was especially impressed with the pasta courses and the mozzarella (although this was a VERY large portion, and we were unable to eat it all).  The lamb was delicious, I just felt that it should have been cooked a tiny bit longer.  The donuts were also fantastic, but after all that food, I would have preferred something lighter than deep fried dough.  

All in all, the food was fantastic, the service was decent, and the décor is very cool.  I would try it again, to order off the regular menu.
