sKy8HkP6X-8dCKq_SzeIpw Eep.

I hadn't been here in nearly a year and I feel AWFUL for recommending this place to my friends.  

When we arrived, the place was starting to get packed.  It was after 7 on a Friday night and a concert was next door.  The staff was clearly overwhelmed.

I didn't want to be the pain in the rear who ordered something special on such a busy night, so I went ahead and just ate whatever was ordered.  In this case, it was cheese pizza and a side of garlic knots with dip.

Everyone ate the cheese pizza.  By everyone I mean four adults and three children.  

I shared the garlic knots, but I was the only one who bothered dipping it in the lukewarm marinara.  The marinara, apparently, was used to toss meatballs into (as I later confirmed via telephone).  

When I ate the marinara, I remarked that it was sort of cold... which was not surprising since the place was packed and they could not really keep up.

That said, I ate quite a bit of it in my ravenous, gluttonous state.

I paid for it later.  Royally.  I won't get into details, but I will say that it is the worst case of food poisoning I have ever suffered or witnessed.

Apparently the restaurant doesn't dump out the sauce in favor of a new batch nightly.  The reason I say this is that when we called and told them about the illness, they volunteered to make a new batch afresh.  They said they avoid food poisoning by keeping the sauce and everything to temperature, per code.  As I mentioned earlier, the sauce was barely warm.  

I have had food poisoning before (see my reviews on Lucky Break), but I have to give Queen's 1 star because not only did I get food poisoning but...

1.) They overcharged us by several dollars, but it was too much of a hassle and inconvenience to mention it at the time.
2.) The tables were FILTHY, as was the floor and, as I learned from my kiddo and my friend, so was the bathroom.
3.) They lost half our order after waiting twice as long as estimated and we had to wait longer for the replacement.

Alas, I will not be back.  And, I apologize to those who read my four star review from April of last year only to find the place in similar condition.

Let's hope the conditions change soon, for the sake of the restaurateur.
