sMzNLdhJZGzYirIWt-fMAg What a great experience. Went to check out the new Emporio before going to the car how this weekend. 
Walking into the place, whoever did the branding and the design of the interior absolutely deserve a high-five. Just a great feel with the rustic wood, exposed metal. 
We had a party of 9 and the Host, Ryan, did a great job of accommodating us and making sure that we knew he was on top of things. The other hostess was helpful as well, pointing out some of her favorites and making recommendations. (She was right, the Ricotta Donuts were the perfect finish to the meal)
Liked the simple menu on a clipboard idea. Very nice clean execution. The menu it self is very simple, 4 kinds of balls and a handful of sauces. The only problem is it creates so many combinations of flavors, what to try first.
We went with Cheesy Bread (that day'special), Fried Buffalo Chicken Balls and Crab Stuffed Mushrooms. 
The Cheesy Bread was light and crispy, not too much cheese to overwhelm the herbs and pepper flakes.
The Buffalo Chicken Balls were something totally different, just the right amount of fruity heat and a mix of textures (Crispy outside, juicy and tender in)
The crab stuffed mushrooms were different from the usual as well. A touch of citrus flavor left us wondering if there was such a thing as "fresh crab" as opposed to the canned stuff we are all used to.

For the main course, we just grabbed a couple of each ball and 5 sauces to dip them in, figuring that was the only way to satisfy our need to try everything that we had been smelling. We were not disappointed by anything we ate.
The biggest hit had to be the Bolognese Sauce. Chunky and thick, though the taste was lighter than you would imagine and the touch of cinnamon at the finish really complemented the balls.
The added plus of dining this way, was that instead of being consumed by the food in front of us, we were constantly passing plates of meatballs and recommending sauces with a "you've gotta try this" thrown in here and there, making for a very communal dining  experience.

Overall, a great dining experience (the servers were helpful, friendly and pleasant.) the food was delicious and the atmosphere was great.
