So132GP_uy3XbGs0KNyzyw When we arrived, it was around 1 am. You have to ring a doorbell to be allowed into the building, which could be either entertaining or annoying depending on your disposition. Once inside, there's a bar area and then a restaurant right past it. The walls are decorated with photos of old Vegas's hey day, with Frank Sinatra, the Flamingo, the Sands and other old locales pictured. It's pretty cool, and during their earlier hours they have live entertainment performing.

After midnight they have a special on their bar menu, 1/2 off on all the food. It's basic appetizers and sandwiches, like wings, chicken fingers, sandwiches and pizza. They also have 1/2 off wine on Sundays and Mondays, which we took advantage of while we were there. Their full restaurant menu is also available, so it's worth checking out.  

We started out with a half price bottle of wine that was suggested by our server. It was a good choice, with low-acidity and a robust, smooth fruity flavor that beautifully compliments a variety of meals. We enjoyed it, savouring a glass each throughout our meal and bringing the rest home. It's a really nice deal! Worth going on a slow day to take advantage of that fact. 

Matt, our server, was pleasant and performed a polite demonstration of table service with our wine. He handled the front of house aspect very well considering how busy he was, going back and forth from the restaurant area and the bar. 

Our meal started with a bread basket with butter and then the caprese salad. The bread had a crisp exterior with a softer interior and was good with the butter. Not baked on premises, I'm guessing- more likely from the Great Buns bakery down the street, because we were given a loaf later and it was completely identical to the first, a signature of mass manufacturing. I didn't eat too much of it, though, because I didn't want to fill up on starch. As far as the caprese, the tomatoes were mushy and largely flavorless; mealy and obviously refrigerated. I understand the necessity of doing so, but in a dish like caprese salad, comprised solely of the tomatoes, mozzarella, basil & olive oil, it's imperative that the ingredients be truely flavorful. It was mild & a bit mediocre. We ate it, but it wasn't really worth getting excited over.

We then had the Osso Bucco, or slow-roasted veal shank in a tomato based sauce, with a side of risotto. I immediately noticed that the risotto was REALLY dry and crumbly. Because of the sauciness of the osso bucco, it worked out well enough for me to eat a small portion of the meal, but I wasn't particularly impressed. On the menu they brag that the meat is so tender a knife isn't needed, but I used one. There are tendon pieces, or tougher ligaments that need it on the outer portion of the meat but the interior it IS indeed very tender. 

This is a restaurant with potential, though it failed to meet my expectations. My boyfriend and I shared our meal and we had enough leftover for our lunches today. 

I may come back to enjoy their half priced wine and chicken wings. It seemed the bar had a very boisterous clientele, so maybe that's the place to be at the time of night we were being served.

We took most of our meal to go. I asked about how dry the risotto was, so the server promised it would be rehydrated for me to take home. Upon reheating for lunch it was still crumbly and dry, though perhaps slightly better. Our server gave us a loaf of free bread to take home with our leftovers, which was a nice touch.
