So132GP_uy3XbGs0KNyzyw Decided to go here based on reviews on Trip Advisor (instead of my original choice of Batista's Hole In The Wall), plus the Restaurant.com certificate, plus the fact they pick you up in a limo if you make reservations over the phone far enough in advance was what helped us make the decision to eat at Casa Di Amore. 

I arranged to have the limo pick us up at the Rio after "The Rat Pack Is Back" show (after the meal, he returned us to the hotel we were staying at, the Flamingo). Neither my mom or I had ever had a limo ride, so this was a good treat. The driver was nice and very chatty.

When we got inside Casa Di Amore, the hostess took my name but acted like I hadn't made a reservation. Although it was Mother's Day, it was a Sunday night, at 10pm, and it was not busy, several tables were empty, but we still had to wait about 10 minutes. The entertainment was just packing up, so we missed that completely :-/

Our waiter (I think his name was Bradley) was not very nice, in fact, he was a bit of a jerk. He was really short with us the entire time, and made several rude remarks to me.I think he saw my Restaurant.com certificate, and every restaurant we went to on this trip and used one of these, we got poor service from the waitstaff (which is ironic since they are guaranteed a bigger tip with one of these certificates)

I have a lot of indigestion issues, and basil doesn't agree with me, so when at Italian restaurants I always order regular spaghetti w/ marinara sauce. I've never had an issue. But, this sauce had large strands of basil, as well as small chopped pieces of it. Also, the portion was puny, maybe about 1 cup of cooked noodles.

My mom got spaghetti w/ meat sauce and meatballs. Her plate had a HEAPING portion of food. I know she had meat sauce and meatballs, but there really shouldn't have been that big of a difference between our portion sizes. 

Anyway, I notice all the basil on my food and immediately start the long process of picking it out with my fork. I haven't even taken a bite when the waiter noticed and asks how our meal is, my mom asks him if they have a sauce w/o so much basil, even asks for the sauce from the kids menu, but he tells us this is their plainest sauce. He then tells me that he can swap it out for something else, but what else is there if this is their plainest sauce? 

I go on, and try to eat my spaghetti. I take a bite, and follow it with several gulps of water. My mouth HURTS. In the next 15 minutes I go on to take 3 more bites, but each one is more excruciating than the next. I feel like my lips are on fire. Waiter comes up to us again and asks how everything is, and I tell him I just cannot eat the food in front of me. 

He tells me, "you should have said something when I asked earlier." He pointed to my food, which originally was just about 1 cup of cooked noodles and I had only eat 4 small bites, and went on to say, "its obvious you ate most the meal. What do you expect me to do? I can get my manager out, and I KNOW what he will say."

I argue that I only ate 4 small bites, and my mom steps in asking if I could just get a small side order of plain noodles, then I chime in that I want no sauce that I'll just put a little parmesan on top. He says he can do that, but I'll be charged for it. What else can I do, I'm hungry. 

He brought it, and I ate it just the way I said I would. It was fine, but I was still hungry, so I ordered Creme Brulee (& which comes with a free t-shirt). The Creme Brulee was good, still warm so I waited a minute or two or else the top wouldn't break just right. 

When he brought the check he pointed out my original meal's costs, then the side of noodle's cost, then he pointed out that he took off the cost of the noodle side, saying "Because I'm just a nice guy". Listen, when someone -- especially a waiter -- tells me that he's a nice guy because he's doing something that just basic customer service, you know they are just another jerk. Then he goes on to say, again, "if I had told any of this to my manager, he would have charged you for that side. But, I'm saving you the trouble. I'm just nice like that."

The funny thing is, as I was paying the bill, my mom was outside smoking with the manager, and she said he was really nice. There's no way he would have charged me for that little side when I barely touched my meal.

The only time our waiter was truly nice to use was right before we left, when he saw me taking photos of the canvases of old Vegas, and he offered to take a couple of pictures of me & my mom. And when he brought my free t-shirt out, he brought several sizes so I could compare. That was the nicest he was the entire time we were there.

I would go there again, for the limo ride and the atmosphere -- but not the food -- I'd go there for drinks and dessert, and watch my friends or family enjoy their meal, then I'd grab a bite at my hotel afterwards...
