So132GP_uy3XbGs0KNyzyw We have been to Vegas, many many times. This is hands down the best experience and food you will have while staying here. 
Located about two miles off the strip and just around the corner from our place sits this little whole in the wall.

When you pull up, the first impression you will get is  "this is what all the rave is about?" It literally looks like a run down bar with an old door out front that your not sure you want to walk through. The parking can be a bit off putting, but I'll get back to that in a minute. Just find a spot and go in (reservations our highly encouraged) we did not make any and later found out we were very lucky that we even found seats. 


So... you walk through this door and are immediately taken aback by the intimate atmosphere.  The waitress asks if we have reservations and we tell her emberaasingly "no" she takes our name and say "go back to the bar, I'll find you when more seats open" no question or hesitation, we do so. When we arrive to the bar there were no two seats available, a waiter kindly asked a couple to move down one so. My husband and I could sit together (the couple ended up being regulars who we sat and talked with our whole visit at the bar, which was nothing more then 20mins) I actually wished we could have stayed their longer. The bar tender was awesome, she was making a drink that intrigued me, told me it was a mudslide and I said I would take one as well "she replied with, you can have this one, the floor can wait" and she gave me a big wink. My kind of gal. My husband had a manhattan, of course. 
And we chatted away with the locals who gave us some insight on the the place. The restaurant is open from 5pm-5am, they recommend reservations and too come early for a drink at the bar and play virtual poker or black jack (my cup of tea) there's live music all night long and if your there during late late hours you may see some celebs walking in after their shows. 

Moving on to dinner.... our waiter... we never did catch his name, but if you have a chance to encounter him, consider that you'll never have a more wonderful evening. He had us cracking up all night and was wonderful to watch interact with all his other tables. The other servers seemed just as nice, but he stood out the most. One thing we learned is that most of this group have worked at this place for years and it's amazing to see them work together.



Ok ok food: I ordered the Veal Marsala "delicate and prefecto my husband had the chicken parm, which was rich and amazing. Their red sauce is like no other. I had angel hair with my Veal, perfectly cooked and brought on the side, couldn't have asked for it served any other way. Prior to dinner we had a loaf of bread that were small pieces with garlic butter (my arteries are screaming at me with all the cholesterol) but it was worth it. Between the two of us we couldn't decide if the Cesar or Italian house salad was best, they were both that good! 
We need the night with the Spumoni ice cream dipped in chocolate, enough said. Over we had 4 drinks 3 courses and we were out of there with a bill of $131 (tip included) 
I would recommend this to any couple and family, great experience. 
One last thing we did learn is that they have ride service. They want you to be able to enjoy their amazing wine/drinks and not have to worry about transportation- underutilized but there as an option


Not enough can be said about this place, from the time you walk out there door, they are wonderful, every dang one of them.
