So132GP_uy3XbGs0KNyzyw When Ruben and I get together with one of our group of friends (dubbed the "Eight-some"), someone else always plans the dinner, so we are just along for the ride. We came here last Friday night and definitely needed that reservation. The restaurant is small and there's practically no waiting area/lobby, so the hostess stand is very crowded. Our table was in the middle of the restaurant, right next to the bar, kitchen, and two-man band. Luckily, the booth seat is tall, so our view of the bar and kitchen were blocked.

Everyone enjoyed the complimentary bread and particularly the garlic butter that accompanied it. Ruben and I shared the Fried Calamari ($16) served with marinara and a side Caesar Salad ($3 with entree). Ruben ordered Pasta Alla Forno ($30) created with penne, chicken, shrimp, broccoli, and mushrooms in a light pink sauce, then baked in the oven with fresh mozzarella. While I had their Baked Lasagna ($21) filled with marinara, fresh ricotta, ground beef, Italian seasonings, and melted mozzarella. The calamari was good (didn't make my top 5 though) and I liked their marinara. The Pasta Alla Forno was very delicious! Great flavor and the shrimp was especially good. Although, very expensive for a dish of pasta. The lasagna was all right, borderline meh.  Way too much cheese and not enough sauce. It was really difficult for me to eat (I ate less than half). One of our friends ordered Tiramisu and I thought it was decent.

The band was really great! Very talented gentleman and I loved the music they played. The only thing was that with our big group, we couldn't talk to each other much since one end of the table was directly next to the band. Service was really great. Everyone was great, nice, and attentive. The restaurant has a really nice atmosphere and exemplifies "Old School Vegas." It's definitely a cool spot to check out. As far as Italian food goes, it was just okay and not worth the cost.

FYI: Great for families - we had an 8-month old with us and it wasn't too loud or rowdy for her. Also, the automatic gratuity is 20% for groups of 6 or more.
