So132GP_uy3XbGs0KNyzyw Went on a Sunday night and was pretty busy. I was shocked at how LOUD a place called Casa Di Amore was. You will literally have to SCREAM at the person next to you in order to have a chat. I'm good with locals places, not every nice restaurant has to be in a casino or be stuffy but if I am going to pay roughly 100.00 for a dinner for 2 I'd like to not sit 2.5 feet away from a white guy with dreadlocks and his date + hear them scream at each other trying to converse for an hour. Sorry, I'm not cool with sitting in the middle of a loud room in a small 2 seater table for these prices (8 bucks for a beer!!!?? in a restaurant off Trop and Mcloud???). Now if it was 3 bucks a beer and slash about 40% of food prices I can roll with it.

The service was rushed and not great, we saw the waitress twice the whole time (she was busy in her defense). Again for these prices and a spot that calls itself the house of love I was really surprised at the lack of attentiveness. 

The food was not great, the calamari was squishy, mealy, flavorless and the kind you are bummed out when you get (anybody who orders it often knows what I mean). The dishes were very average and not large in portion. I had the linguine and clams and like I said it was ok. Can't recommend it though.

 I'm going to take Piero's over this place 100 times out of a 100. At least I get great service and a nice atmosphere for my expensive meal. 

In a nutshell:
 not a place I would take a date because its loud as f and not really intimate (small but not intimate)
Expensive as a strip casino for drinks so that rules out swinging by and hanging at bar to listen to the band (which you can barley hear with all the diners yelling at each other)
Food on my visit is average at best and the portions were smallish. (in fact a few hours later we went up to Metro Pizza to share some food since we were still hungry).
I'd venture to say many people that give overwhelmingly positive reviews did not pay the bill. 
In addition I see a lot of reviews that say this spot is "so old school Vegas", I mean I guess if by old school means they threw up a bunch of vintage Vegas pictures they found online and blew up. This place hasn't been around THAT long and WTH is old school Vegas about charging 10+ for a cocktail in a local restaurant? The more correct term would be it's Old School/Rat Pack (whatever) Vegas for those that have no clue what that actually means.
