ss978X4omzcJjIeq6K-kag If you're looking for a late weekend dinner in Little Italy, there are sparse locations to choose from since many places close at 9pm or 10pm. After noticing that Vero Pizza was open late, I decided to stray from my usual Little Italy favorites and give it a try. I was surprised to find that this restaurant isn't really in Little Italy at all, but rather in the Coventry area. Either way, it's easy to get to if you're on the East side, and given that it's away from the hustle and bustle of Mayfield Road, it's a little easier to find parking.
 
Entering the restaurant, I noticed it has a very trendy feel to it, perhaps even Scandinavian in its design. The design details are well thought out, and the space definitely is understated but also modern. There was a short wait for a table as the restaurant is small, probably about 5 tables on the 1st floor, and another 5 or 6 on the 2nd floor. No worries though, because there's a VERY short bar (2-3 seats) and a gelato cooler to choose from. I was a little disappointed that they didn't have mixed drinks, only beer and wine, but we ended up trying out a pistachio affogato instead (eating backwards anyone?). It was fantastic, and I'm glad we ended up getting this first because I definitely wouldn't have had room after the pizza! They had a lot of unique flavors to choose from in the gelato cooler, and the espresso was done well- strong but not bitter at all. The service while we were waiting was great, all the servers took turns attending to those waiting for tables or those strolling in for gelato.

While you're waiting for your table, you can take a gander at the large brick oven in the kitchen, as the smell of toasted pizza crust fills the restaurant. The loft where we were seated was cozy, intimate... albeit a little warm given the heat from the oven and the small space. The menu here is small, but impressive. A lot of their ingredients are sourced locally, and they even list the farms that supply the restaurant at the bottom. You'll find a few tapas/appetizers, salads, and a few vegetable sides. We ended up just opting for one pizza each, and tried some of their sparkling sodas to pair. The pizzas range from about $12-$15, a little bigger than a personal pan... I would say it's a generous size for the quality of the pizza. I have a decent appetite and I wasn't able to finish mine. Although the pizza I was looking for was no longer on their menu, they were able to whip up something similar (egg and cured meat) while my friend got the Piccante. I would say the wait time was probably about 20 minutes for the pizzas. Both of the pizzas were absolutely fantastic, I've never had crust quite like this locally. It's thin crust, but more chewy than crunchy. The toppings were perfection, egg has to be my new favorite pizza topping. There is a good ratio of toppings on the pizza, so you get a perfect bite every time. Some people might not enjoy the slightly burnt crust from the stone oven, but I personally loved it. Overall, my first experience here was great, and I cannot wait to return. It's a perfect stop for a date night or an evening to share some appetizers and pizzas with friends, perhaps as an alternative to the nearby crowds of Little Italy.
