stD-LTFFwlmBdzU-0aBntw To widen my Craig St. pizza horizons a bit, I decided to give Little Nipper's a try tonight, since I was in the mood for some take out.  When I walked in the door, I was immediately greeted by the guy behind the counter and a guy who I assume was the owner.  I asked him if they served pizza by the slice, and he said that indeed, they did, though they'd have to make a fresh pie.  I said, "But I can still buy just a couple slices, right?", and he assured me that this was the case.  I told him that in that case, I'd have two slices of plain.  He told me it would take about ten minutes, so I went for a walk around the block.

When I returned about ten min. later, the owner told me it'd be one more minute and I said that was fine, and that I'd wait.  At this point, another guy who I hadn't talked to before saw my CMU t-shirt and asked me if that was where I went to school.  I told him that I'm finished with school, and that I work as a researcher now.  He asked me what I research, and I told him, and he told me he thought my topic of research was really interesting, and proceeded to show me that he even knew a bit about it.  I was impressed, since most people walking around don't know much of anything about my topic of research (though many people find it interesting, nevertheless!).

Anywho, I took my box of slices back to my apt., where I opened it.  The slices smelled and looked good, but they seemed a bit greasy, and the crust seemed a bit soft.  After dabbing off a bit of the grease and sprinkling on a bit of Italian seasoning, I proceeded to eat them.  As I predicted, the flavor was good--the sauce was a bit on the sweeter side, and the cheese was classic mozzarella--but the crust wasn't crispy.  So, while they were good, they don't beat out the crispy-crusted slices of Pizza Prima, my Craig St. pizza standby.  On the other hand, they're definitely better than chain pizza slices (Papa John's, Domino's, etc.).  So, if other places on Craig St. are closed and the hours are conducive to your needs, if you need delivery, or if you're in the area and you'd just like to try something new, I'd recommend giving it a try.  3.5 stars.
