SWhHaWFuijy_KDs0zVCJog I'd give 5 stars but there was just one thing I think should perhaps be reevaluated/changed for future parties/reservations. I wanted to celebrate my birthday here so I asked my boyfriend's mom to make reservations for my birthday. They said to her they wouldn't be able to reserve unless the whole party was there and seated. Now, I had a party of 14 people ( most of them elderly) so this seemed like quite an inconvenience. I understand the reasoning but I think for large parties, they have to be more accommodating (perhaps to judge on a case-by-case basis based on party size?). In the end, they managed to seat those who arrived early and reserved the rest of the table for the rest of the party to arrive, which was nice. The food here has always been amazing! Everyone tucked in happily into the salad, and even my boyfriend, who isn't a salad fan, loves it. The bits of salami (Pepperoni?) tossed in between the greens was delightful (it even tastes good when I had them for leftovers a day later)! The bread came, warm, and served with olive oil and balsamic vinegar--perfect to snack on before the main meal. I was a little hesitant to order a new dish to try because the last dish I had--the Capellini Pescatore--was amazing! I decided to go ahead and order the Shrimp Capellini and it was absolutely yums and did not disappoint at all! So happy I took a chance! My boyfriend's dad's dish was probably the one that was the least tasty. The Chicken Marsala was pretty juicy and tender, though the sauce was a tad sweet for his liking. The mashed potatoes didn't taste very good. Other than that, the dishes as a whole, seemed to please everyone. My dessert was the apple bread pudding with caramel sauce and ooooh this dessert is OUT OF THIS WORLD! It warms your tummy with its sweetness. I love it so much! My boyfriend is a big fan of the cannoli here as well. My guests, some of who'd never been to this place before, were very happy with the serving sizes and the taste of the food and said they'd definitely come back! The staff was very pleasant and efficient the whole time we were there. The food was served in a timely fashion. It's not overly loud or noisy so it's a good place to go on dates as well. The service and food here is always commendable. I highly recommend this place to anyone and everyone looking for good food and good service and an all-around good time!
