syJDAay5Huu3QWL51El2cA I recently visited Ciao!2 for dinner and was quite unimpressed.  From the moment we walked through the door service was rather slow and inattentive.  When our group ordered drinks I ordered a classic mixed cocktail namely a mint julep a drink that hasn't changed in over a century.  The waitress when I ordered the drink looked as if she had recently undergone a lobotomy, which is never a good sign.  What the waitress brought back to the table was essentially a bourbon mojito minus muddled mint with a sprig of mint as a garnish so large it looked like a pine tree sticking out of my glass.  I sent the drink back at which time the owner came over stating that he had personally made the drink himself and assured me that it was his version of a mint julep.  I am quite curious how you are able to muddle fresh mint leaves with out having any mint in the glass.  

After the drink debacle I decided I would try the four cheese pizza thinking to myself that the description sounded appetizing.  What arrived was the antithesis of what should be served at an Italian eatery.  The pizza had a certain similarity to that of a "Freschetta Brick Oven" pizza with a bottle of olive oil dumped on top.  The cheese was piled on so thick it was sickening.  I would highly suggest steering clear of the pizza.  

To set the setting a little the table we were sitting at was located approximately four to six feet from the bar area.  The bar had all of the stools, approximately 8-10, occupied with the owner/bartender sitting on the end.  During dinner our table was subjected to over hearing his snobbish and aristocratic diatribe over his world travels.  I don't care where you have been, I don't care how much it cost you, and I don't want to listen to this dribble while I try to choke down the slop served to me.

Now I will give the manager or what I suppose is the manager credit as he took the undesirable food and drink off of the check and offered desert to attempt to make up for the bad experience.  This was certainly a nice gesture however after we declined desert and simply requested the check he felt the need to pat me on the shoulder and ask again.  I don't know this man, have never spoken to this man, have never seen this man before now, and would rather not be touched by someone I have no idea who the heck it is.  If the manager happens to read this review I would like to suggest not touching customers.

Please, save your money and eat at a decent Italian eatery.
