T7yKffTuhiIZclsgjfgowA Finally, good pizza in Toronto!!  

After tasting real Neapolitan pizza in Italy, I've been searching desperately for something like it in Toronto. The much-lauded Pizzeria Libretto on the Danforth rendered extreme disappointment while Queen Margherita Pizza left me indifferent. 

So I decided to no longer waste my calories on pizza in this city - that is until I read about Via Mercanti in Kensington Market.  While skeptical (as I've found myself often at odds with Toronto Yelpers' opinions) I decided to check out this place with an open mind tonight. 

----
Items ordered:  

1. Margherita Pizza ($10):  While I would have wanted the crust to be slightly crispier, I was generally pleased with the thin, billowy, slightly-chewy texture. Oh, and the cheese, tomato sauce and basil were just lovely!

2. Pork Sandwich ($15):  WOW!! OMG!!!!!  This was the clear winner for me. Okay, I didn't like that there were chunks of fat in a couple of the slices of pork (which I plucked out) but the meat was so succulent and nicely seasoned, that I was willing to forgive that. Plus, I realize in many parts of the world, eating lumps of jiggly fat isn't seen as a gross, yucky thing.  

The sandwich came in some type of pocket bread (I think??) that was thin and crispy. Perhaps it was made from the pizza dough?? In any case, it was very good. I also liked the rosemary and olive oil that garnished the sandwich. Oh, and the accompanying salad was simple but tasty. Too often in North American restaurants, you get salads drowned in too much sour and oily vinaigrette - argh!!  But this was lightly dressed. In fact, the vinaigrette simply enhanced the fresh, crispy lettuce and plump, juicy, flavorful tomatoes!  (Tomatoes with actual flavor, what a novelty!)

3. Margherita Pizza + sausage ($12.50):  See review of #1 but add to it some tasty bits of sausage. I just wished it had more! 

------

Service:  
A bit strange. Hard to describe. Will leave it at that. 

Menu:  
In a city where most people don't speak Italian, it would make more sense to list the ingredients in English. Sorry if this makes me sound like a big hick from the sticks, but I'm just speaking from a practical standpoint. We had to ask the waiter what this and that was...but it would have saved everyone a lot of time if items were just listed in English, thus eliminating the need for a consultation. Don't you think? 

But because I absolutely LOVED the food tonight, I'll definitely come back and try their other items like pasta, risotto and white pizzas. 

I'm salivating and getting hungry again just writing about this!  Oh, I can't wait for my next meal there...
