T7yKffTuhiIZclsgjfgowA I still haven't been to Queen Margherita Pizza. Despite all the wonderful reviews it's gotten, a lot of people I know have told me it's really not worth the wait or the distance. I have, however, been to QMP's spin-off location (well...not exactly but you know what I mean) a couple of times for lunch in the past few weeks and I really like it.

Service was excellent both times except for the one waitress who didn't make a whole lot of sense when we were trying to order smaller bottles of San Pellegrino (they only have the jumbo family-sized ones). It's a nice little spot and if Kensington Market is looking to move up a notch on the upscale/rustic movement, this place will fit right in, though it kind of takes away from the whole Market vibe.

Both times I ate here, there were very few empty seats (it was lunchtime) and people seemed to be enjoying their food. And both times, I ordered the capricciosa and really can't comment on anything beyond this. On one occasion, I went with a friend who is vegetarian, though I cannot remember what she had (she seemed to like it). I was a tad disappointed the first time as their idea of capricciosa does not include artichoke which some places do, some don't--I prefer it when they do. Nevertheless, VM's was pretty delish and their spicy oil is a bonus. I can't seem to break away from capricciosa when it's on offer, mainly because it has a lot of my favourite things and they all taste good together. I can't do Margherita as I find it way too plain, though I will eventually try out some of the other items that were mentioned by other Yelpers.

Definitely worth a try if you like your thin-crust and haven't been already. The prices are a bit less than a lot of other thin-crust joints too. Could be the location, but hopefully it stays that way as I find it a tad ridiculous paying upwards of $20 for a pizza these days. I get that some items are imported but it still seems kind of silly when we're not talking about uber-supreme ingredients.
