T7yKffTuhiIZclsgjfgowA Via Mercanti, ti voglio bene. Perfect pizza backed by authenticity and real Italian charm. 

This quaint and simple pizzeria is located in the heart of Kensington Market and when our server sees us approaching, he extends a warm:

"Buonasera!"

It's a simple place but all Italian. The owners are from Napoli, Eros Ramazotti plays on the sound system, and the kitchen brigade are bonafide Italian, not a bunch of botchagaloop imposters. Enrico, our server is charming and perfect at his job. I tell him this and he answers in his lyrical Italian accent: 

"I love what I do, so that makes it easy!"

Tonight is a special night as I'm having dinner with my love and the parents who happen to be in town from the Big Apple. Dad is picky about his pizza and he has every right to be as an Italian New Yorker. I'm hoping that Via Mercanti lives up to the hype.Mamma mia, I'm impressed. We are all impressed. Even Dad shouts:
 
"The best pizza I've had! You get my approval!"

First slice: Napoletana. Black olives, perfectly blistered cherry tomatoes, Italian oregano, and tasty anchovies. Thin crust, not soggy, unlike some other popular places in the city (I won't mention names). They know what they're doing here. Second slice: Ramolo's. Tomato, olive oil, fior di latte, prosciutto cotto, assorted mushrooms. Heaven on a slice. They make a great Negroni here also.

My only disappointment is the Tiramisu. It's not bad but it's lacking in caliber. First off, it's served in a small round ramekin. In my opinion, Tiramisu should be served sliced with a great view of the Savoiardi biscuit layer and the contrasting mascarpone. Secondly, it's lacking in espresso and liqueur and dominantly tasting of raw mascarpone. The Cannoli looked good and apparently, it tasted even better. Mom had the Crème brûlée and she liked it, but from a former pastry chef's perspective, I can tell you it's lacking the significant burnt top layer and the custard consistency is thinner than it should be. The desserts here need some fine tuning and focus. Perhaps they need me to pay them a visit.

Desserts aside, Via Mercanti is the perfect pizzeria.
