Tax_5L_C559yBm5Tc3mDZQ I'm really struggling with this review.  I wanted to really like this place, the concept is great, but in reality it just fell short.  

On a Friday night the place was practically empty.  It could have been the rain I guess but rain should never stop anyone!  Because it was empty conversation was easy and service was fairly attentive.  The atmosphere was similar to Cheuvront....huge windows, lots of light.  I don't think this would really make a good date place, however.  I would picture a chocolate and wine date in a dark place with plush couches you and sit on and have intimate conversation.  Sweet O just has tables and booths.  Nothing comfy and plush or intimate about it.

The wine selection is great, I will give them that.  Kudos for having more than one Pinot Grigio on the menu.  They have many flights to choose from and I went with the Italian Immigrants which was good.  (Although the pours in the flight were pretty meager.  The glass of wine that accompanied a friend's dessert, on the other hand, was a very generous pour.)  I wasn't terribly excited about the wines in the flight however, as they were all pretty similar in taste.  (Except for the one in the middle which had a mild smell of cheese.)  I ordered a champagne to have with dessert and it was so sweet I made a face, even though I ordered from the "dry" champagne list.  (I hate sweet champagne.)  

The food was just ok.  The paninis were nothing to write home about, I've had much better paninis in many other places.  I chose the Margarita panini, mozzarella, tomato and pesto, which was standard.  (And btw, it should really be Margherita, shouldn't it?  As in like an Italian pizza?  Not like a tequila infused Mexican drink?) The cheese plate that my friend and I shared was laughable.  Did you really put cheddar cheese on a cheese plate?  Like Cracker Barrel cheddar cheese?  For real?  The brie was awful and I can't remember what the other kind was, probably because the waitress herself didn't really explain it very well.  Definitely not like the (complimentary) cheese plate at Cheuvront.   My panini had some serious garlic in it so if you are going with a date bring some mints with you.

So I guess the point of the place isn't paninis or cheese.  (But you would expect that at any wine cafe....)  Its chocolate and dessert!  On my drive there I had been envisioning dessert so good that my husband I would make special trips out there on a night with no plans just to drink wine, eat dessert and stare blissfully into each other's eyes.  Well....I fully admit that I'm not a chocolate person but the non chocolate offerings were meager and my choice in coconut cake with passion fruit filling was more like passion fruit cake.  The chocolate offerings all seemed intensely rich (which was confirmed by other members of my party) and the chocolate flights, while looking yummy, are really meant for one.  So don't think you can share them easily as I watched two girls in my party try to split them up to share with interesting results.  

There was a point during the night when feeling a little nauseous at the table.  I think it may have been the insanely sweet champagne but I thought I was going to lose my dinner all over the place.  I didn't feel quite "right" again until after I had gotten home and sipped some tea on my couch.  

I really wanted to love this place.....but I just can't justify going out to Glendale just for it.  If the food and dessert had been good I totally could have.  But for a good wine selection there are a lot of other places closer to home that I would choose.  And its not really the type of place you'll go to before a sporting event.  "Lets go have some chocolate and wine and then go and watch the Cardinals kick some ass!"
