Tc511yME8axDPq2J6woxkg This is the best dining experience I have had in Cleveland. You have to pick this restaurant especially if you are celebrating a special occasion. The best servers in Cleveland, awesome food, great desserts, delicious drinks and the decoration and ambiance of the restaurant is great to impress a special one. 
Food - I only eat seafood so I cannot comment on the meat but my party ordered the fillet mignon and the filled pork chops and they wouldn't stop talking about how good it was. Pumpkin raviolis was probably the best pasta dish I have had. The butter sauce on the ravioli was slightly sweet but also salty. I ordered the ravioli with marinara sauce and it was good but not very flavorful so I wouldn't recommend ordering their ravioli with marinara. I loved the tuna tartare, it has potato in the bottom.... I wanted to get it as my main course! The salads are spectacular... so many ingredients and flavors. I had the Arugula with Fig and also tried the Baby Kale with Blue cheese, I couldn't pick my favorite but I recommend getting two half salads instead of a full one so you can try more.
Desserts - It was a birthday so we had a sampler with all the top desserts. 
Chocolate cake - really rich and buttery
Dulce de leche icecream - small but really light in flavor and texture. Great caramel flavor.
Carrot Cake - I thought was a little on the dry side but the spices on it and the frosting were really good.
The winner was the CHEESECAKE! It was fluffy which is weird to see on a cheesecake and with a rasbery and whipcream frosting topping. 
Service - BEST SERVICE I have in a restaurant. Waitress was so accommodating, very fast and attentive. They have this special private room near the wine cellar that sits around 6 people. That's what we had and made the whole experience so unique. They treated us like royalty the whole night and we really didn't want to leave. 
Price - It is fine dining so if you want salad, drink, entrée and dessert you are looking at $40+ a person, depending on what you order (plates were from $14 to $48)
The bad thing is that nothing will top this great experience. RECOMMENED 100%
