TeHB4-F_5Mwg1VE2Uzu0Ag I haven't been to Buca di Beppo in years, and I recently had the opportunity to eat at this restaurant with my friends here in Vegas.  From the moment you walk into the restaurant, there is tons of excitement and energy!  Love it! 

First, you have to set expectations before eating here and writing a review - it is a family style restaurant that caters to large groups.   This is not a James Beard Award Winning restaurant, but it is a fun place for groups to grab a meal together.

I called in to make a reservation for 8 people at 7:00 p.m. and Miss Hostess was the nicest person I've encountered in a long time!  Easy Peasy!  When we got to the restaurant, we were greeted by three lovely hostesses.  We were told to wait 5 minutes for them to set up our table (HUH?  The restaurant was half empty!).  After being seated, we were quickly greeted and served by lovely Miss Server Shennae!

For starters, we got the Apple Gorgonzola Salad (Small for 4).  The salad was your typical green salad but was loaded with gorgonzola cheese, thinly sliced Granny Apples, walnuts and cranberries.  It was light, fresh, and tasty!   Grade:  B

For the main dish, we got the Frutti di Mare Pasta (Small for 4).  The pasta was topped with mussels, clams, shrimp, and calamari.   The pasa noodles were tossed with a rich and spicy marinara sauce.  I loved the taste of this dish.  I didn't like the texture of the noodles.  It tasted like either the noodles were over cooked or were a cheap brand of noodles.  The texture was mushy and did not have a chew to it like most noodles should have.    Grade:  B-

The kiddos at the table ordered from the kid's menu ($5!).  Each had a personalized sized cheese pizza or spaghetti and meatballs.  Both selections were VERY generous and large!  The pizzas were 9" across.  The spaghetti and meatballs was served in a medium sized pasta bowl and looked like it was enough for 2 adults.   (It looked so tasty, I wanted to eat the leftovers of the kids, but I refrained!).   Grade:  A!

Best part of the meal was the energy and smiles of Miss Server Shennae!  She was patient and really made it an enjoyable evening!  You can tell she loves her job!  Thanks a bunch, Shennae!

Food Grade:  B
Service Grade:  A!
Worth the Money Grade:  B-  (sorry, the bad pasta noodles and prices did this)
Overall Impression Grade:  B
