Tf13Wexrt6WmNw-CDW5Gyg If your name is the Meatball Spot, your meatballs better be pretty darn phenomenal.  Unfortunately, that's not the case here.

Fellow Yelper Esther S. and I opted to share the meatball sampler platter for $15.99.  You get one of each of their 6 signature meatballs, each of their 5 dipping sauces, and 2 pieces of toasted french bread.  The two of us had a hard time finishing the whole plate (both because we were full and some of the meatballs were a waste of calories).

Meatballs:
Classic - This was the best meatball on the plate, but relative to other meatballs, it was just OK.  It says it's a blend of beef, veal & pork with romano cheese and fresh herbs.  It tasted meaty and was adequately juicy.  I couldn't find any notes of cheese though.
Beef - Second best meatball on the plate.  It was adequately moist and flavored well with herbs.  Again, couldn't pick up on any of the pecorino romano cheese that is supposedly in the meatball.
Pork - It was just OK. 
Vegetarian - This was the worst meatball.  It fell apart and was mushy in consistency.  It reminded me of a falafel, but didn't taste nearly as good.  It was mushy and flavorless.
Chicken - Second worst meatball.  It was incredibly dry.  I had a hard time eating my half. This one has parmesan cheese in it.  Unfortunately, the cheese seemed like it was a ball right in the middle instead of being integrated well into the meatball.  I got a huge unsuspecting bite of cheese in the middle and no meat.  I didn't like it.
Turkey - This too was really dry. Yuck.  Just yuck.

Sauces:
Classic Tomato - Not really much to say about this one. It was just OK.
Spicy Meat Sauce - More like mild meatless water.  No thanks.
Mushroom Gravy - This was actually my favorite sauce.  It was rich, creamy, and delicious all on its own.  I drenched some of the gross meatballs in this sauce to make them more edible.
Pesto - It was OK.  I don't really associate pesto with meatballs, but the combination was OK.  Didn't find my fork visiting this sauce too often.
Parmesan Cream - My second favorite sauce.  It was also rich and creamy and helped add moisture and flavor to some of the dry meatballs.

The meatballs were large in size, food came out quickly, and the prices are really reasonable.  Service is just meh, nothing terrible but nothing remarkable either.

All in all, I won't be back.  And, I honestly don't see this place staying open much longer. It's just not that good.
