Tf13Wexrt6WmNw-CDW5Gyg IN SHORT...
We were excited about this place until we experienced the service and the food.  
Meatball Spot - PLEASE get it together.   We love having new places to go to.  Train your staff to be "on it", "polished" and "professional".   Make your food more sophisticated.   You are way too cool looking to have bad service and bland, greasy food.  Alcohol is not the only thing that will keep you in business in this town. 

IN DETAIL...
When we entered we noticed the place had been completely revamped.   Picture BIG, hip pizza joint, smells clean and looks clean.   Brick walls, stamped metal ceilings, chalkboard décor, great lighting, fun music, nice furniture, etc.  It looks like a trendy sports restaurant.  Great for after work with friends and also for the family.   

It wasn't busy at all tonight.  We sat at the bar and this is when everything went down hill.  As we looked around we noticed most of the staff were chatting with friends or each other.  We waited about 5 minutes before someone greeted us.  When we were finally greeted there was no "Hi.  Welcome to Meatball Spot...We are known for....."  Instead it was a simple, "What would you like to drink?".  After we ordered our drinks we borrowed a menu from the people next to us.  When we got our drinks we ordered the "FOUR Meatballs" (assuming that would be their specialty).  That's when we were told that the "FOUR Meatball" item (printed on the menu) would only come with THREE.   Huh?   Her response was, "we are new and just opened".   Why not reprint the menus?  So we sat at the bar waiting for the food to arrive and analyzed.   WHAT was going to make this restaurant survive?  So far we determined it would NOT be the service.  When our food came (didn't take long), we still had not received our "set up" (fork, napkin, share plates, etc.) so we asked for them.  It took three attempts for them to provide me a CLEAN plate.  We had ordered:  "Beef" Meatballs with "Spicy" sauce and added Provolone on top and a side of mac & cheese.  The meatballs were ok but extremely GREASY.  The mac & cheese was kind of bland.   As we ate our food we had many staff members standing in front of us (behind the bar) with their backs to us.  Rude.  To our surprise, one was even the manager (tall - bald headed guy).  Mind you there were MAYBE 15 people seated at a 30+ seat bar.   Three of the 15 people at the bar were actually STAFF who had apparently just gotten off work and still had their solid black shirts on.   When we were done a different bartender asked us how our food was.   She could tell something was wrong and she asked me to be honest so I was.  I mentioned the greasiness of the meatballs and didn't get a chance to mention the mac & cheese before she apologized and said she would take them off the bill.   STILL the manager NEVER came over to introduce himself.    We hope to hear good feedback about this place in the future before we return.
