TFftsYkRIUtdo6ZhRwJ2lQ Terroni needs to get over itself.

My husband and I came in over the weekend for dinner and we left wishing we'd grabbed fast food instead.

After scouring the menu I decided to order the shrimp and asparagus fettuccine, which has a "light yellow tomato sauce", and my husband went with an eggplant pizza. I was originally eyeing another pasta dish but it had a long paragraph under it that said they didn't put parmesan on that particular dish so I didn't order it and went with the fettuccine instead. 

Once our food arrives I asked for some parmesan. NOT ALLOWED. I was told it is one of their "Famous policies" in order to "bring out the natural flavours of the seafood". 

Just hold it right there, if a restaurant has a "famous policy" about telling grown adults what they can and cannot have on the plate they are paying for then said restaurant needs to step back already. This is not a michelin-starred restaurant, not even close.
Not to mention this "famous policy" wasn't listed anywhere on their menu except for underneath that one pasta dish. I was actually in disbelief he was telling me I could not have it. Charge me extra, whatever, but to say I am *not allowed* to put parm on *my* dinner? Which I am paying 20 dollars for?

I also need to state right now that, while I am originally from Toronto, I now reside in Bay Ridge, Brooklyn, NY, one of the most thoroughly old-school pure Italian Brooklyn neighbourhoods in New York City, luckily still untouched by ironic mustachio'd Williamsburg influence. If any Italian restaurant in my neighbourhood tried to pull something so ridiculous they'd be shut down by angry Brooklynites in a matter of days.

Once the server disappeared upstairs to never be seen again, my husband began hacking at his pizza with a butterknife because Terroni doesn't cut their pizza either. 


I took a bite of my pasta and didn't even like it. The pasta was floppy and sad, and the mint and chiles overpowered the non-existant "sauce". I stopped after 3 small bites  and waited for someone to come back around so I could order something else. It would be a while, with my husband fumbling through 3/4 of his pizza before anyone swung by.

I sent the dish back and got the only non-seafood/parm-permissible pasta that even remotely appealed to me: plain spaghetti and red sauce.  As the server dropped it off he incredulously asked "would you like cheese on THIS?". Yes, I would. Thanks. My husband told him that while he understood it was not the server's personal policy, he found it ridiculous and had never heard of such a thing between living in Bay Ridge or Bensonhurst (even more Italian than Bay Ridge) for 7 years,he'd never experienced such a "rule" without at the very least giving the patron a heads-up.

The server told us that the restaurant is full every night and that the owner would rather lose customers than "compromise the integrity of the food". Is the owner unaware of the fact that Terroni is a chain? I used to work for Cosimo Mamolitti's brother's tile company before Terroni was a "thing". Terroni catered this company's first staff party and it was great then! It's a shame it's become such a needlessly pretentious place. 

Regardless of the owner's idea of the integrity of his chain restaurant food, the food itself was not worth the price. I am an avid cook and food is my main passion in life, and I have had years of experience in the restaurant industry.
 My husband on the other hand knows how to cook exactly one dish, and he commented on the sloppy presentation and poor execution of his pizza. If he noticed it, it must have been bad. The eggplant was certainly not salted because it was chewy and mushy, half-hazardly thrown on the pizza in too-large slices which made it difficult to eat. 
Sick of the attitude and disappearing server act, we scarfed our food down, paid the bill and still tipped well, and got the HELL out of there.

I always thought part of a great restaurant, besides great food, is a good customer experience. Don't make your customers feel Less Than. I left disheartened and frustrated and like we'd wasted a bunch of money. I left feeling judged by the waitstaff. 

Save your money and go find an authentic mom-and-pop Italian joint that will treat you like a human being.
