TFftsYkRIUtdo6ZhRwJ2lQ Terroni is a really a mixed bag when it comes to service and food. And frankly, it's more often than not erring on the mediocre side of things. The wait depending on the night can vary between brisk to outright mental competing against the crowds on Queen West. 

And for what really? Well, Terroni's operates like a brisk and at times brusque! commercial operation, ushering diners in and out quickly, no substitutions or reservations thank you but come on down anyways and have our middle of the road fare. Not unlike a finer east side mario's with their requisite fine ingredients on the menu and the quirky decor of fellini posters and modern italian adverts. 

Their cheese and meat boards are beautiful and vary regularly in terms of selection. One night I sampled a beautiful assortment of pingue proscuitto, breadsticks, foccacia fingers, nuts, cheese, honey and a poached pear-outstanding. Their pizza's are terrifically thin crust, a crisp cracker consistency that manages to be among the best thin crust pizza's in town even with Libretto now in the mix. Although I do think that Terroni's is slightly better because it isn't as soggy as PL's . And the atmosphere here and on Adelaide is lively and boisterous making this a nice to place to share food with friends. For tiramisu lovers-Terroni's version is top notch, there's plenty of marscarapone but not too much so that the lady fingers are crushed or crumbling into tatters as is often the case at other places.

However that being said, there's always a few irks at Terroni that limit me to only a few visits a year. The service though usually efficient and pleasant enough may come only after 20 minutes have passed by before you're noticed. Or several requests for fresh pepper go unanswered. And the pasta is not their strong suit, what I've had has come across as pastey, doughy or gummy. Not something you'd want to wrangle your choppers through when you can achieve a better result at home! Accompanying sauces though simple verge on blandness in some dishes.

All that being said, I will still come here once in awhile to sample what's among the best of Toronto's pizza's.
