Tgc2dTcE1xOey2OUt_PvXA I've eaten at the Oreganos locations in Tempe and in Scottsdale, so I knew we liked them and was excited for this one to open. We're pretty neglected out here on the far west side. 

My four kids and I arrived at 2:10. On the way in I eyed the patio and was happy to see three clean tables. Awesome, no wait.  Just kidding! Quoted a 40 minute wait, we decided to take a menu anyway and argue over pizza options in the wait area. That was a good plan because we were seated and our order put in about 20 minutes later. We were warned our deep dish could take an hour, but I didn't worry about it because we'd ordered a sandwich and a thin crust to work on while we waited. And waited. And waited. Looking around, I continued to notice 3-4 tables open on the patio. It was never completely filled, but the outside wait area continued to be packed. 

By this time it was 2:59. I grabbed our server (don't remember who she was but she was lovely) and asked for garlic bread and a couple of soups. We were ready to eat our fingers by this time. We'd been out running errands and hadn't eaten since breakfast. She said she would put the order in to come out right away. 

We wait some more. One of the kids asks if maybe we should just give up and go home. I didn't check the time this time, but it was approximately 20 minutes before we got some soup and bread. One of the bowls was little more than broth and the other was nothing but fill (pasta and meat...it was wedding soup), which I thought was oddly done, but it was fine. I just transferred a bit of soup back and forth with a spoon to restore the balance. The flavor was very good and it disappeared all too quickly because we were back to waiting again. 

At 3:53, I texted my older daughter that we wouldn't be home for a while since we were still waiting for our lunch to arrive. Around 4pm, the food arrives and I'm underwhelmed. It's sad looking. A little bit dry. A little bit cool...not ice cold, but not fresh out of the oven. Like it's been sitting there a while. I give up. 

So to their credit, they did realize there was a problem. They checked the ticket and realized we  had been sitting there for over an hour and a half. They removed the thin crust from the bill and then offered to send it home with me anyway. I thought about it for a second but didn't really feel right about taking it. They offered us free dessert, which was very kind but I was tired and my six year old was squirrelly and not even a free pizza cookie could entice anyone to stay. When I got the bill, I noticed they'd comped a bit instead. So I was happy with the service, but walked away feeling like there is some serious weirdness happening in the kitchen. 

I'd like to come back in maybe six months when they get the kinks worked out. Maybe hire more kitchen staff? Is there just one guy back there or something? Anyway, if I brave the wait times, I'll come back to update. If you go, be sure to carve out a half a day!
