THsU2vYT1sYm9amz9d0e4A It's with a heavy heart that I must admit, I may never come back to visit this establishment. I have come to know this bar as one of my favorite places to watch Chicago Games. But let's fast forward to what will no longer be taking me here....

I won't lie I have talked about this week for so long...Cubs are in the playoffs! I couldn't have been more excited to come to Jimmys. I knew from my last encounter, earlier this year, they don't take reservations so I show up on game day 90 minutes before T-time. And low and behold, guess what, they NOW do take reservations and are booked almost solid. Ok cool, they are on the up and up. However, I explained to the waitress that this establishments reservation policy is very flip floppy, she agreed with me and explained that she's worked here for years and it has gone back and forth several times. Seeing how packed Friday was for Game 1, the table next to me asked to have a reservation for Saturday, the waitress put his name and the list. Not more than 10 minutes later one of the shift managers (I presume, as the owners were not in attendance) came over and let the guy know that they will not be taking reservations for tomorrow....SAY WHAT?! (Needless to say they shared they will be going to Buddyz for Game 2). 

I couldn't believe my ears. I explained to the waitress what just happened and she was as baffled as I was. 

Game time-lets just say the game started at 6pm and at 615 we still didn't have the game on in the side room with the exception of a small TV in the corner. Several of us had to ask if we could get sound in the room and the game on. The sound was turned on shortly after, but the TVs took until 650pm to get fully set up!!! Very disappointing. 

Knowing what we went through the waitress shared she will make an exception and put a reservation for us if we come back Saturday. I thought, sure, I would like them to redeem themselves as sometimes you are going to have an off evening. 

Saturday rolls around, I called 90 minutes before T-time to confirm my reservation. The lady who answered my call confirmed it, party of 4 in the bar. Perfect....or so we thought....we get there and they explain that they don't take reservations, I shared I just talked to someone 45 minutes ago to confirm and they let me know that person must have already left. They said they can accommodate me at a table near the front of the bar. I explained that I need a table for 4 (as I have 6 coming) and that table comfortably sits 2 and awkwardly sits 3. They explained they have a bachelorette party coming so the bar is full.....seriously I'm so disappointed. Thankfully one patron offered to move to the table for 2. However, please note the bachelorette party that so badly had to be in the bar with 14 seats didn't show up until the 8th inning and even then only used about 6 seats! 

To Jimmy's management, please please please put in clear expectations for reservations to provide a positive and smooth experience for your patrons. I want to see you succeed so badly, but until this establishment can hit above 3.5 stars or higher on Yelp I won't be going back. 

As a manger myself I would recommend putting this into place:
-Game nights: At least half the party must arrive at least 30 minutes prior, or seating is not guaranteed.
