tIiiq23utFKTs1At2bVD6w I went back last night for dinner because it was so delicious the last time I went. After a bit of a wait at the deserted host stand I was asked if I wanted to sit and eat some dinner by the hostess. (Generally, when coming to a restaurant, that is the goal.) I was seated outside in a surprisingly comfy patio chair. My waiter put down a napkin underneath the utensils and bread plate so that there were no drips or dirt getting on the plate. Genius! I wish more places thought of that.

I ordered the Linguine Frutti de Mare with the white clam sauce. I was quite excited because it had a nice variety of seafood and homemade black linguine. Unfortunately it didn't live up to my excitement or the previous meal I ate at Oggi. The linguine was heaped into a pile in the middle of the plate with the clams and mussels around the edge. The pasta itself was a little bland and seemed quite thin for linguine. I always expect that black pasta is made with squid ink so it tends to have a nice subtle ocean-y flavor, but this may not have been. The seafood was adequately cooked but they went a little heavy on the calamari. I realize squid is relatively inexpensive compared to other seafood products, but I didn't need enough calamari for an app sitting on top of my pasta. The sauce was, at best, meh. It severely lacked seasoning. I had to ask for some Parmesan and mix in the herb garnish to help give the dish some flavor. It was mostly unsuccessful.

My waiter was very attentive which is what is saving this from a 2 star review. He refilled my water several times, which is a huge plus in my book. I almost always only drink water when I go out to dinner and I have to nearly beg for a refill. I'm not cheap; I just really like water and don't really like to drink soda often! He seemed equally attentive of all of his tables and not just this solo diner. All in all, I think some of the food quality has slipped and I think the patrons have noticed. There was only one table seated inside and 4 outside. I'm not sure if I'll be back on my next trip to the QC. It's a shame because it was so tasty last time!
