TLMysu1mWiLEslCBon5W1g I wanted so badly to love Sidecar.  It's a grown-up kind of place in the midst of 20-something hangouts, the reviews have been solid, it's cute as can be, it's not too expensive and it's a short walk from my house.

Alas, the service was unobtrusive to a fault.  The fault?  An empty beer glass was discreetly whisked away from my husband without the offer of another ("yes, please" would have been the answer).  Same for my own empty cava glass which was taken away by a waiter in a hurry, without any eye contact to give me the opportunity to ask for another.  The otherwise competent and lovely staff seemed rushed and distracted, which created some unpleasant anxiety for us.

As for the food, the Sidecar salad and the beet salad were delicious.  My mushroom risotto was, as I described at first bite, "the best I've ever had," and that assessment still stands upon reflection.  My husband's salmon was perfectly adequate.  The dessert special was a goat cheese panna cotta with blueberry compote.  The texture was somewhere between cheesecake and ice cream, which is to say exquisite, if I may use such a word.  For a chocolate lover like me, it's rare to love a non-chocolate dessert so much.  

The small hair in said dessert was... amusing.  As my husband commented, "I guess some people would be really bothered by that."  Us, not so much.  It could happen to anyone.  But oddly I think  it might have been that little nudge that pushed us to the "no" side of the "would we ever go back" precipice.  We left feeling satisfied and happy, and none too poor for the experience, but there was something missing--the something that would get us to choose Sidecar over the hundred other restaurants a nine iron away from our house.  If they make the panna cotta a permanent item on the dessert menu, I might be persuaded to give it another shot.

NB: while described as on College "at Bathurst" Sidecar is actually three and a half decent blocks west of Bathurst, between Euclid and Manning.   A big difference if you're a local; maybe no so much if you just drove in from Milton.
