Toux3q1WwY2vNV5AhbR6wQ My husband and I almost didn't try Cibo after reading several of the reviews that rated it poor to mediocre, but decided to take a chance because it's so close to where we live. I'm really glad we did, because I thought the food was very good.

While we waited for our appetizer, we had delicious warm whole grain Italian bread, with olive oil infused with garlic and a small strip of sun-dried tomato.

We started with the stuffed dates, which was the one thing we ordered that was just okay. The dates were stuffed with ground beef and wrapped in bacon -- a bit of meat overkill, I think, and the ground beef stuffing was nondescript; I prefer the manchego cheese stuffing I've had elsewhere. Also, the bacon could have been crisper.

My husband had cream of mushroom soup, which was rich but not too heavy, with great mushroom flavor. I had a sausage and white bean bean soup, in a tomato base with some kind of leafy greens and maybe some fennel. The waiter had told me that the soup contained salmon stock, but it didn't have a strong fish flavor; the stock just gave it that "I don't know why this is so delicious, but it is" effect. (I think umami is the technical term.)

My husband had the entrée special: beef tenderloin and brussels sprouts sautéed with bacon, served over linguine with mushrooms. It was delicious. I often like to make a meal of multiple appetizers, so I ordered a roasted pepper dish, and beans and greens. The pepper dish had banana peppers and red peppers, topped with melted parmesan and accompanied by grilled garlic-rubbed ciabatta. It was a wonderful combination. The only drawback was that the peppers arrived swimming in olive oil. It wasn't difficult scoop the food out of it, but it was a bit unpleasant to see. The beans and greens dish was delicious, but the proportion of beans to greens was the reverse of what I expected: it mostly white beans, with a small amount of greens mixed in. It was topped with bacon, and the flavor combination was excellent. I would have preferred more greens and fewer beans, though!

For dessert, my husband had pumpkin cannoli, and he liked it (I'm not a fan of cannoli). I had chocolate cheesecake with salted caramel sauce, which was to die for.

Service was a little uneven. When we first arrived, the host said we were lucky to get a table without a reservation due to a no-show, which was true, but not the most welcoming way to start things off. Our waiter was very nice, though, but service was slow, and even though we enjoyed our meal very much, we were a bit impatient at the end when it took a long time to get the check taken care of.

The space is small, so reservations are a good idea. Like most small restaurants, it gets very loud when it fills up, in spite of the carpeted floor and what appeared to be wall hangings designed to deaden noise a bit. I dream of finding a nice quiet restaurant, but it seems the only way to achieve that is to go at off hours.

Overall, I think Cibo is definitely worth a try.
