tpesKzKbcPFekdThYZ4UpA I was not impressed with this place from the get-go. As soon as we got there we asked to see a menu prior to being seated. The hostess handed us two menus to look at, and did not bother to see if we wanted to be seated until 10 minutes later. When we told her we wanted to be seated, she told us to wait for the table to be cleaned. As soon as we went to sit down, we noticed that the seats were wet from being wiped down. We then asked for water and placed our orders. We waited and waited and our food never came. One of my friend's and I noticed that other customers that had come in after us, were served their food before us. My friend then proceeded to ask our server how much longer our food would be, considering we had already waited 45 minutes and he said that he would go ask someone in the kitchen. He came back and said it would be "a couple of more minutes", told us that there was a backlog in the kitchen and thanked us for our patience. This was not true: there was no one sitting inside of the restaurant and it was not that crowded on the patio either. 

Another 10 minutes went by and our food still hadn't arrived. At this point I had become extremely impatient considering I did not have time to wait. My friends and I agreed that we should just leave. I went inside to tell our server. I told him that we'd been waiting long enough and that people had come in after us and had already been served their meals, and that the service was very disappointing. His response was "I know, I'm sorry". The lack of sincerity in his voice really made me feel unwelcomed. So I promptly told him that we could not wait any longer and that we would be leaving. His response to that was a simple "OK". I proceeded to go back to the patio so that my friends and I could gather our belonging s and leave. 

This has by far been the worst service I've ever received at a restaurant. The server was not polite or caring. I would not recommend this place to anyone, solely because of the extremely poor service.
