TPvVGmT4AY1mloktV-2Dpw Called on a Sunday night to place an order for pick up. The guy places me on hold for at least 2 minutes then comes back and asks for my phone number. I give it to him, but he doesn't hear it and when I start to repeat for the third time, he interrupts me to ask me if he can put me on hold again! I hung up. I drove down instead (I was on my way anyway but thought I'd save some time by calling en route).

When I get there, I notice how nice the place actually looks! The patio looks great and inside is open and airy. But not so busy which, even for a Sunday night, isn't a great sign. I used to eat here when it was a little place on Warner and Alma School. I always thought they were pretty good: I've had their pizza and Calzones before and not bad. Back to the present: I stood at the counter while a young kid stood there taking an order on the phone  for a couple minutes, trying to be patient, but it was taking a long time considering it was for a large pizza delivery, oh wait, that'll take an hour? 25 minutes for pick-up, okay...tap, tap, tap on the screen to seemingly change the whole order, and oh MY... then the waitress is back and forth a couple times and there is a woman sitting at a table nearby with a lap top who I assume is an owner. Finally the kid takes my order. I start off by letting him know that I'm the person who had been told to hold twice while trying to give my order over the phone. He looks sheepish and apolgizes. And yes, I did point out that is a customer service no-no. Okay, I know I'm a little hangry, but I say, "it's okay" and smile. I feel bad for him that I have told him off and I know I'm not being nice...but I felt I had to say it. 

The aforementioned waitress walks by during my little speech and smiles nicely. She continues to make eye contact and even when we leave she says "good-bye, have a nice night"...you know, and the kid was really sweet and was having trouble with some ordering system, which he explains is what kept him from taking my order over the phone. Whatever, I just order a meatball sub and plain spaghetti with meatballs for my kiddo, then wait. The owner sat there the whole time on her computer and discussed with the waitress and the kid the problem they were having with "grub hub"...she never spoke to me, not that she needed to, but you might say something to make nice to an angry customer! Throw me a free garlic knot or something, or even a little verbal exchange while I sat on the window sill with my daughter waiting for our food (awkwardly there's no chairs even though there are two separate entrances and people waiting for take out don't have anywhere to go while they wait).

Okay, I get wordy...the gist is that I spent $21+ for plain spaghetti with (2) meatballs and a meatball sub with mozzarella cheese. That's a little spendy to me, but the sub was delicious and the pasta looked pretty good. Kiddo ate a whole meatball which was good since she's usually pretty picky about that kind of thing. 

Up your game a bit, LA Famiglia and you could probably fill more of those tables on a Sunday night! We will probably come back and sit down on that patio, then I can give another wordy review!
