tVyLQzyhhinKcGzlZIFZjQ When deciding on a place to go to dinner for my birthday, I decided to go to one of my usual favorites: Oregano's. This time, instead of going to one of the two Tempe locations, we decided to head out to the Chandler location for a change of scenery.

Like all Oregano's there's a good vibrant atmosphere and the staff is always friendly. The inside was a a little cold for us so we decided to go sit on the patio. The bar tender greeted us and wished us a good meal as we were taken out to the patio and later wished us a good night as we left. The patio at the Chandler location is probably the biggest patio I've seen so far as far as Oregano's goes. Very wide spread with a fire pit in the middle for the winter and two high power mister fans running to keep us cool. Was nice to be able to enjoy the fresh air without being cramped or dying from the heat.

Our waitress AJ was extremely friendly and was very helpful when recommending drinks on the menu. Even though it was the day before her day off, she did a great job of checking in on us, making sure our drinks were filled, and even took the time to chat with us, all the while juggling the other five tables in the same fashion. So major kudos to her for how well she did.

For starters, the girl and I got drinks. Meagan got the red sangria and I got the D'Liscious Rootbeer Float. I'm not a big wine fan but the Sangria was very good. A nice blend of fruit and wine. Definitely had a kick but was blended very well. The rootbeer float was very good as well. A blend of rootbeer and rum it definitely had that rum taste I like without being overpowering so even Meg enjoyed it, who normally isn't a fan of these kind of drinks.

Along with the drinks we also got the Oregano's Favorite Salad. I'm glad we agreed to split a Jr. size because if we hadn't we wouldn't have had room for dinner. This salad is huge. The regular size can feed a family of seven. The Jr is big enough for three to four people to share. The Oregano's Favorite is very well named. It has a nice mix of ingredients and toppings, including raisins, giving it a slightly sweet taste. It's one of our favorite standbys when we go to any Oreganos.

For Dinner, we got another one of our favorites: The Big Rig Pasta. This pasta has got a great kick to it. Just spicy enough to be enjoyable without sacrificing flavor. We always get the Big Rig with the two spicy sausages. For three bucks more, I don't think I could find sausage this tasty and spicy. I recommend slicing them up into bite size pieces and mixing it in with the pasta. Always a great choice.

And as if that were not enough, AJ got us a Pizza Cookie for us after Meg let her know it was my birthday. We got the white chocolate macadamia nut cookie since is one of my favorites. In Meg's words, Don't know who's idea it was to make these, but they should be slapped for making everyone fat XD The damn thing is addictive and extremely tasty. And why wouldn't it be? Half baked jumbo cookie with three ice cream scoops on it? What's not to like? Should definitely be split with three or more people if you plan on finishing it (not like that stopped us).

All and all, it's always a good time coming to Oregano's, no matter the location.
