Tw3miGKZHtmxmaQZIYFRrA I live around the corner from LGO/Postino Arcadia and am a regular and fan of both. Windsor is great as well. Federal is a disappointment and tragedy. I'm not sure whether all these positive reviews are paid for by Federal or sponsored, or just by clueless foodies because they are outright lies. For a restaurant group that makes amazing pizza's at LGO, I'm shocked as too how disappointing and what a big letdown the pizzas are here. They are all overly oily and soggy in the middle. I've tried four different pies on two separate occasions and everyone in my party felt the same way and it didn't sound like anyone was going to go back for a while until the soggy dough and oily topping issues were fixed. When I was there on 11/08/2012 a co-worker had a stellar meatball sandwich, soft airy fresh baked pizza dough as the bread, fresh melted mozzarella, great meatballs and sauce, simple, traditional and delicious. Went back on 11/11/2012 to have the meatball sandwich that looked so good a few days earlier, talk about being letdown. For some reason the sandwich had been reinvented, it now had barely any meatballs on it and they had been supplemented with a ridiculous amount of caramelized like onions and the bread which was amazing on the previous occasion was hard as a rock. What in the world, massive amounts of onions on a meatball hero with barely any meatballs to be found, confusing. The pizza was no better, still soggy in the middle and disappointing. All restaurants have kinks to work out when they first open, but for a successful restaurant group that's hit homeruns with pizza before, there should be no kinks to work out with the pizza, nor should the simplest thing in the world, a meatball hero go from amazing to gross in three days. Another issue we experienced both times there is the service. Plenty of staff onsite, the problem is finding someone to help you or them coming back to check on you. Both times we sat around with empty drinks for a half-hour and had to hunt down someone to get a refill or the check. Plus this staff is very different than the staff at their other establishments, seems like a bunch of self-entitled hipsters that are too important are running the show. I'll stick to LGO for pizza from this crew; hopefully they don't experiment with that perfect formula.
