tWdp26XQEJqJGnRmFVJQxA Came here one weeknight without reservation for an early dinner and got a table for 2. The place was not packed and had several small tables available and a few occupied larger tables for a midweek dinner time. Even as the night went by, it wasn't very busy for 6 or 7 o'clock. 

Service: We had an attentive waitress who watched our side of the tables as we enjoyed and picked at our appetizer and didn't bother us. Since it was a small table for 2, we were not rushed to finish our shared appetizer and not forced to start our main course yet. 
At first, we were wondering what took our pasta dish so long to arrive since we saw other tables who sat after us receive all their orders. But after asking our waitress about when our pasta would come, she wanted to be sure we were done with our one shared appetizer first.
With that being said---- we have perfect HOT AL DENTE pasta!

Food: We each ordered a wine by glass (price ranges from $8-11 per glass of red). 

Appetizer-Grilled octopus - surprisingly, this was rather a large platter to share. It had a large plate of greens (spinach, olives, potatoes, peppers) and topped with a vinaigrette. 
Between the two of us, we couldn't finish the appetizer (leftover greens)

Main- Frutti Di Mare - The pasta was really fresh. Plate was hot enough and we devoured it quickly!! Love the flavours. It was a simple seafood dish with red sauce but we enjoyed it very much. Proportions were great (shared between two people since we were not that hungry- mostly full from the large appetizer). 

Atmosphere and location: So this place was a little awkward to find. It was hidden away at what looked like a residential/corporate OFFICE type set up. I wasn't sure if I was walking towards the correct plaza since it looked like a residence just based on the parking area (good thing is, I saw there was a parking lot area and a large furniture store). 
As you enter into the building, it is on the main floor - no need to go up elevators. 
The place can fit lots of small tables and definitely, if you need private dining, they had a whole area curtained off and secluded. You can also sit at the bar as well (I did see solo diners by the bar area). 
Good space to hold events for a large group. 
My friend went to this place for a yelp event before and recommended it. 

Overall: next time I'd like to try some of the pizza on the menu as well -It looked very appetizing and smelled great from the tables next to us.
