tWdp26XQEJqJGnRmFVJQxA I thought it was amazing because it's been so long since I've let myself go (Italian-style cheat meals are the best). Partner and I came here tonight because I'm currently carb loading for a half marathon this Sunday. We've been here before for brunch only and found the restaurant very heartwarming, welcoming, and romantic with the twinkling, wicker basket style decor. In the warmer season the sidewalk patio is also open. Unfortunately they are located a bit off the downtown core - still super convenient of a short walk from the Financial District (10-15 minutes) with parking spots everywhere. However, might be hard to find for some folks since the front door is located off to the side, not facing King Street East.

Food- 3.5/5. Again, how could one not love carbs and fat. Italian is always a favorite. However, after consulting my partner, who actually eats Italian food very often when he goes out, he said the pasta and pizza were only "ok". A complimentary bread basket featuring "nice" bread and EVOO+BV was given at the start. 

Many vegetarian options here for pastas and pizzas compared to other Italian places like Mercatto where vegetarians are pretty much stuck ordering the same 1-2 items every time, i.e. margherita pizza. Not vegan friendly though. We ordered the tricolore pasta (vegetarian), which contained white wine braised zucchini, very few roasted cherry tomatoes, red onions, bocconcini (mozzarella), and basil. All of their pastas are homemade and cooked perfectly al dente (gluten-free pasta is also an option but these are store-purchased). Partner said the pasta was mediocre, better than at Mercatto since more veggie toppings and more veggie options, but comparable to Hot House pastas. The fresh mozzarella bits were my absolute favorite - so chewy and no after taste, very fresh. We also ordered the zucchina pizza, featuring tomato sauce, grilled yellow & green zucchini, bufalo ricotta, red onions, and mint. The dough was thin and a bit soggy due to the tomato sauce except at the crust, which was thick and not too hard, cripsy, or bitter like usual pizza crust. I loved the crust omg, chewy and perfectly risen. The ricotta was also perfection.

PS. The panini sandwiches (around $10) are only available at lunch, sorry.

Value- 4/5. Pretty good value for a romantic, fancy-ish. Mains are between $20-30, but the portion sizes are pretty big and filling unlike at fancier Italian restaurants like Buca.

Venue- 4/5. Twinkle, twinkle little star. Lots of space inside with large tables available for group seating. Perfect for large groups actually, but do make a prior reservation. Lost 1 star for being a bit hard to find.

Service- 3/5. Very warm staff. However, after serving the food and bringing a jug of water we barely saw them again. No offers of fresh pepper or cheese with our mains, but no big deal.

Will be back again, but perhaps after trying a few other Italian restaurants to build up my critic credentials lol
