u-SJ5QUwrNquL9VnXwl8cg So, you're saying that I can get ANY bottle off of the list AND my choice of bruschetta for only $20. What's that? I can start my bottle now and easily move with my meal and my server once my table is ready? And you say that I can do this on Monday and AGAIN on Tuesday, starting at 8pm? Every week? Can this be true?  Thank you, Postino, for having the best wine and food deal in the valley, and creating a great atmosphere in which to enjoy wine with friends. 

I love wine. So do lots of other people that show up at 8pm sharp, rain or shine, to take advantage of the awesome Monday/Tuesday special. So be prepared to wait for a seat. If you are sharp like a hawk or stealthy like a fox, you might catch one of those coveted bar seats, but otherwise you'll stand at small tables, casually drinking your wine and doing some people watching until the host finds you and guides you to your table. You will love your wine selection. Your bruschetta will be made with the the freshest ingredients on crusty MJ bread, in the perfect proportions. Do try my favorites: Prosciutto, mascarpone, & fig; Red peppers & goat cheese; Ricotta with pistachio & dates; and Pesto with smoked salmon. Happiness served on a wood-cutting board. I paired my bruschetta with a spicy corn chowder, and it was just the best meal for a rainy night. 

The servers are very cool and know what they are talking about. They will not steer you wrong with a wine selection. If you order a bottle that is not to your liking, no problem! They serve all wine by the glass, so you can easily send it back and try another! They want you to enjoy your experience and selection, and thus have built in the flexibility for people to take risks and try new wines. Have fun with it! 

My suggestion is to find a friend or two, valet the car, put your name in for a table, get started on a bottle, make laughter and conversation, and finally take your seats, enjoy your food, and order more wine. You will be fully satisfied and will have had a great night. Do recommend it to your other friends, and definitely make plans to return again soon.
