u-SJ5QUwrNquL9VnXwl8cg Postino is normally one of our favorite local spots to grab a drink and some dinner. Last night however, was a different story. I can honestly say that after our experience yesterday evening, we will more than likely not be going back to Postino for quite some time. 
     The first issue we had was witnessing a waiter take water glasses off of a table, dump them into a pitcher of water, then dump that pitcher into another pitcher, and continue to go around the restaurant refilling cups. I for one think this is absolutely disgusting, and refused to drink my (much needed) glass of water. This was all before we waited roughly 15 minutes before being seen by a waiter at all. We placed our drink orders, and a few minutes later our drinks showed up - great. At this point we placed our food order. About 15-20 minutes later our bruschetta showed up, we nearly finished off the board, and about 30-40 minutes later, we had still not received our main courses. I kindly asked the host at the stand behind us if he could tell us how long it may be, since we had an appointment we needed to be at soon. He came back to our table, and said that our waiter told him it would be just a few minutes. 5 minutes later our waiter came strolling up to our table, with no food. He said that he hadn't put in our order, and that it would be out within a few minutes. Again, we said that we had somewhere we needed to be, and were very polite. About 5 MORE minutes passed, and finally our food showed up. I asked for the check, saying once more that we had somewhere to be and needed to leave immediately following our very late meal. We finished our meal, and sat for somewhere between 5-10 minutes AFTER our plates were empty before our check arrived. Mind you - we watched our waiter walk around the restaurant the entire time, talking to other servers, the host, and anyone else other than us. We were never given a discount, and had to pay for the entire (completely unworthy) bill.
     We were throughly disappointed in our most recent experience, and have already warned others of the poor service we received. Would definitely avoid this place if you have any hopes of having quality service.
