u0YYkO2CeD3JFCkR1wSMog Martoranos.  This was the toughest review to write from my last trip, and not sure I'll convey what happened in this review but I'll try.

We visited the new location in the Paris Las Vegas hotel on 10/21/14.  We had walked by it during the day, thought it looked cool...liked the menu...so researched it a bit while sitting at the pool and decided that we had to go, seeing how SO MANY celebs and notable people ranked Chef Martorano's food SO high!  So we were pretty excited to check it all out and enjoy a great meal.

We were seated on time at a table on the 'outside' of the restaurant, so we didn't get that movies on the wall, disco ball in the center kind of experience...but did enjoy the al fresco style dining and people watching in the Paris shops area.

Right next to us was a group of 8 conventioneers, who were a bit loud from time to time and seemed to dominate the service as you will see below.

We were greeted by Georgio (hope I spelled that right) after a good 5-10 minutes of perusing the menu on our own.  He dropped off an iPad with the drink menu, took our "flat or sparkling" water order, and explained the specials for the night, which I took note of a seafood selection that he described as a "seafood party in your mouth"...something about that was both comical and odd...not sure why though.  We quickly found out that the iPad was malfunctioning, if you pressed on anything it would just freeze.  So we were unable to check out any kind of special drink selection (we were thinking martini style special followed by some wine with dinner).  Georgio then became a bit occupied with pouring wine for the conventioneers so we were able to flag down his 'assistant' Jason (I think he was an assistant, or in training or something) who quickly brought us a new iPad.  Georgio then came back and took our order...not asking if we'd like to start with an appetizer, not asking if we'd like a drink, but simply saying "are you ready to order"...which led to her saying "yeah I want the martini, the seafood special..." him looking at me so i had to say "I want a Manhattan up with Makers, we're splitting the eggplant parm and I'll take the Buitoni Meatball"...just not how you serve a couple in a high end establishment.

So then another 10 minutes passed.  The restaurant was about 70% full and the bar was not busy.  We had no drinks and had been sitting there for a total of 25 minutes.  Jason kept looking and then came over to say "didn't you guys order drinks?" to which he promptly went to the bar and resolved..bringing us our drinks moments later.

Our eggplant parm arrived shortly thereafter and I have to say it was AWESOME!!  Probably the best I've had..and was a perfect size to split with a date.

After clearing the plates and then taking a wine order (glasses, not a full bottle) the night seemed to be moving more smoothly....until the entrees.

My entree came out but her food did not.  Jason was kind enough to explain that the food was all cooked fresh to order and sent as soon as it was ready, that they didn't hold anything in the kitchen.  Ok, I'm cool with that.  But who knew a buitoni (think thick linguini) and meatball cooked 5-10 minutes quicker than some seafood (clams, shrimp, etc..seafood party) over linguni?  Throughout this whole process, Jason was super attentive to our needs and seemed to really try and keep things going...while Georgio was busy trying to be cool, pouring drinks for the big convention table, and coming up with cheezy Italian style lines to say to everyone.

The manager actually came over and apologized, and first offered another glass of wine (which we both had a full glass) so we declined..then said "well, just pick out a desert and we'll take care of it for you"...seemed to me a nice gesture and the right thing to do.

Her food finally came out and I do have to say we both LOVED our meals.  I had the best friggin' meatball ever and she had an awesome seafood dish.  The food at this place is worth every penny of the price.

Jason continued to check in on us, making sure things were going smooth...while Georgio continued posturing for everyone.  Ever see a person who thinks he's a special gift to everyone, and has no clue he is actually really cheesy and borderline annoying?  Anyway...

We went on to split a desert (thinking this was on the house)...tiramisu.  Now, I'm not even a fan of tiramisu but holy smokes..it was AWESOME!!

We were then brought the bill...which of course did not have the desert or anything comped...but at that point we didn't really want to make a big deal and just settled up.  

Funny that on our way out, we asked to have our photo taken and who stepped up?  Yep, Jason!  We thanked him for taking care of us all night and actually tipped him separate, fearful that the tip on the bill would all go to Georgio.  My hope is that if anyone from the restaurant reads this, GIVE JASON A PROMOTION!  He was outstanding!!

Food: 5  Georgio: 2  Jason: 5  Mgr: 1
