u9R0_pvEkl7QGPJYH3j1sg Times Square review

In search of the best pizza in Phoenix brings me to a lot of different places. Whether it is New York or Chicago, thin crust or deep dish, it doesn't matter. Last night we tried a place on a recommendation that it was the best. 

Times Square Neighborhood Italian Restaurant at 2602 W Deer Valley Road is a must go-to place. You will be surprisingly pleased with your experience. We arrived at a little after 7 and the place was full but not packed. Seated in a half-booth along the back wall gave me a great view of all the patrons. Kari was our server and like a great server does, made us feel like we were regulars. 

We decided to try a few different things off the menu and share. The Caesar salad is one of the best I've ever had. Lettuce was crisp, dressing covered the whole salad without making it soggy. I like that. A large meatball pizza and a steak sandwich. 

Now let me tell you that I believe that a meatball pizza should have meatballs on it, not some crumbles of hamburger meat. This pizza not only was cooked to perfection but the meatballs were sliced just right and they didn't skimp on the either. Lots of cheese without being too cheesy. The crust was not too thin but not doughy chewy either. A really good combination. 

Now as for the steak sandwich. Shaved rib-eye with good flavor, lots of mozzarella cheese and a good bread. I'd order this again in a heart beat. One short coming in my opinion is that the sandwich could have used some Worcestershire sauce on the meat. Kari suggested that she likes to dip it in the house medium wing sauce, so I tried it. It was OK but not for this. Reminder to self: Try the wings next time because the sauce was good! 

There are so many variables for a restaurant to make my "regular" eatery list. Atmosphere, wait staff, cleanliness, etc. Let me tell you that this place has a bar, great atmosphere, our server was great, food was inexpensive (less than $35 for the two of us) and good parking. And yes, they are a biker friendly establishment. So if you're out riding and want a cold one and a pizza, try Times Square off of Deer Valley. They do sell pizza by the slice. Try out either location of Times Square. I recommend it. And tell them that Grumpy from Monkey Butt Radio sent you. 

www.timessquareaz.com 

Be good to one another.
