UGyEr_PMA-v1cuim0gMPlQ So there's a new DOLLAR TREE coming to the Cheddars Shopping Center on Chandler Blvd @ the 101. I noticed the sign and pulled into the parking lot last night, only to see the COMING SOON sign in the window. It was dinner time, and NYPD is located in the same shopping center, so we decide to order take-out. We visit the state of New York often, and love the pizza. With a few extra dollars in my hand, (since the dollar tree isn't open) - the hubby and I decide to dine at NYPD. The atmosphere was charming, warm and intimate, but my BIGGEST KUDOS would be the staff. There were only 6 people working that evening, (besides the cooks) and I promise you, we must have met everyone. 

NEW CUSTOMERS MEAN ALOT! I really don't know how else to put it. We were greeted with a smile upon entering the door by SHELBY. She tells us how the joint operates, hands us a menu and ushers us to the bar, to sit 
& read the menu. Once at the bar, reading the menu, we are approached by the General Manager, MIKE -- he just wanted to make sure we have been helped and are indeed ordering take out, because there was plenty of room available in dining. I stood and went to the register to order our pizza and ERIC, was all cued up with the darling'est smile and most awesome customer service regarding  NYPD's  home made pizza crust, their toppings, and his knowledge of NY's Time Square and good pizza, (he also mentioned having family on the East Coast). The bartender JEREMY came over while we were ordering and started talking about drinks. We followed him back to the bar and ended up sipping FOURSQUARE: Peach and Pumpkin Pie beer. The pepperoni, black olive, fresh garlic pizza was beautiful in delivery, and absolutely tasty to the pallet. It's the closet you're going to can get to pizza in Times Square from Chandler, AZ. 

FRESH INGREDIENTS TASTE BETTER! NYPD is all about fresh ingredients. When customer service is as fresh as the food you're being served -- you've got a WIN-WIN SITUATION and a opportunity to make a great dining memory in the process. The hubby and I WON on all fronts. Thanks Dollar Tree -- for leading me to NYPD PIZZA! I will be back.
