ukAUNyzUcBA4Su8UKjaJKg "Hearty Italian" are the two words that spring to mind when I think of 7 Numbers. The servings are generous, the food flavorsome and the presentation simple yet refined. My party of 4 tried the family sharing option whereby you each get to choose your own main dish but are also served with salads and calamari to start, then pasta before being laden with the mains plus sides, by which point you will be hard pressed to finish all the food on account of being so full up. 

The salads were an impressive start to the meal in that being so seemingly simple they still manage to be unique and tasty in their own way (we had spinach with mushroom sprinkled with soft cheese, rocket with red pepper sprinkled with soft cheese, and tomato with mozzarella in a vinagarette dressing). The calamari was also tender and enough for 2 pieces each. Of the pasta dishes the lasagne was by far the stand-out being wonderfully layered, enriched in a delicious tomato sauce and achieving an almost melt-in-the-mouth texture. Unfortunately the smaller pasta shells and brocollini I thought were a bit on the tough side. 

Then with the mains the cauliflower mash is a sizeable portion propping up its two lamb chops, the lamb shank is a mighty sight, and the hunter chicken came as two chunks of chicken surrounded by gravy and various vegetable pieces. Sadly one piece of the chicken was too salty to enjoy. The grilled zucchini was a delightful side to have alongside the meats whilst the accompanying salad I felt had been doused in too much vinegar. 

For a dessert, the nutella tiramisu fills a surprisingly big container - similar to the size of a small plate and certainly something a single person might find a challenge to finish eating, especially after the unsurmountable amounts of food we'd already had, nevertheless if you are up to the task, this dessert is indeed well made and worth a try.

All in all 7 numbers may be a little rough-around-the-edges and go a bit overboard with some of its flavoring but it can offer a wholesome good-value meal, perfect for a cosy night out with friends or loved ones.
