46JVW4pwLDRIye4gYJboSw Everything that I and my companions had was outstanding.  The reason that I did not give it 5 stars is because:

1.  Our waiter was an ass.  I ordered a salad and it was delivered to my companion who asked the server if this came with the special that she ordered.  The server responded that yes, it was hers.  She dug in and when she was 3/4 finished, the waiter showed up and asked me how my salad was.  I responded, explaining what had occurred and he looked at me dead pan, another dining companion tried to explain to him what happened and again he was puzzled.  My companion who ate the salad tried to explain and again he just stared at my companion as if to suggest that she should give the salad to me.  Finally, he told me "i guess I'll have to get you a salad"

2.  I dropped my fork right in front of the waiter and he looked at me and walked to the kitchen area where I thought he was going to get me a new one, but Nada.  I had to ask a bus boy for one.

3.  The sommelier came over and asked if we required any assistance, My friend Grace told him that she was the only wine drinker and could he suggest a pinot noir by the glass, he responded that pinot was not available by the glass but that they had a wonderful opened bottle of something high end and that they needed to serve it soon, so it was available at $80 a glass.  Grace said that maybe he could suggest something else and he said "I'll be right back", he never returned.  Thank God!

But the food was great.  I am on my low carb cycle, so I was happy to see the antipasto tray that was brought out.  It included a nice array of olives, roasted peppers, artichoke hearts and big giant chunks of Parmesan cheese.  A low carb delight.  They also served a great bread basket with my companions gladly ate in front of me with no regards to my carb withdrawls that I was suffering.

I ordered the Pollo Matone, which was a tender succulent boneless chicken breast that was very flavorful and seasoned.  The salad I ordered was crisp and delicious.  My companions were equally impressed with their pasta dishes that they ate in front of me despite knowing that I am on my low carb diet.
