uLdJrH2rJwULKLopi0XH4Q This is by far the best real Italian food I can remember having.  We decided to try this place that happens to be close to my work and where I live based on the previous review.  I almost thought the last review seemed a little "too good" to be true but decided to take a chance anyways.  Everything the last reviewer was completely accurate.  I even mentioned the previous review and the owner remembered the people who wrote it and were happy to hear the positive feedback.

I noticed the wonderful smells as soon as we entered the restaurant (something rarely encountered in most restaurants).  Our meal started with the homemade bread (which the Italian owner gladly showed us rising on some metal trays for later today).  Myself, husband, and the two kids devoured the first loaf so they brought another.  My daughter and I shared the spaghetti and meatballs.  I usually would not order that meal for myself as it is not my favorite but agreed b/c my daughter loves it and I knew it would be way too much for her.  It was a huge order with two huge meatballs and definitely the best I can remember having.  They brought it out already split in two which really helped when sharing.  My 7 yr old daughter also raved about it.  The owner said she makes her sauce and meatballs fresh every morning and proud that there is no sugar in the sauce (the true Italian way).  My husband had the Chicken Marsala and it was out of this world good.  The chicken was so tender and had no breading on it.  It came out with two pieces and plenty of Marsala sauce.  It was so delicious that both of us dipped our bread in the leftover sauce until it was completely gone.

The funny part of this visit is that we ended up here after another restaurant we intended to go to was closed for the week.  We met 4 other strangers at the other restaurant who asked us for another recommendation upon finding out the place was closed.  We told them we were going to try out Conte but hadn't been there before.  They ended up following us to Conte and ate there as well.  They also raved about their meals which included huge chicken parm subs and the veal.  The owner said they always use high quality, fresh veal (nothing frozen).  The 4 strangers were very happy they took a chance by following us there.  

I can't believe it took me this long to find such a fabulous restaurant so close to me.  The appearance from the front is very deceiving so I would not have tried it if not for the great reviews here.  The owners are putting all their time and energy into cooking high quality, true Italian food rather than decor.  Don't let that fool you too.  Give this place a try, you won't be disappointed.
