umxki_So2--o08q9bkXK6Q My husband and I tried Picazzo's Organic Italian Kitchen for the first time last night.  We ordered one of the spicy thai pastas and the brussel sprout and bacon pizza to share so we could try both one of the pastas and one of the pizzas.   
The pizza came out first - overall I would give it a five out of ten.  The reason being the brussel sprouts on top were not cooked enough, so we were biting into the soft ingredients of the pizza yet had big crunchy brussel sprouts in our mouth.  I assumed the brussel sprouts would be shaved on the pizza not served chopped in big hunks.  Okay, moving on.
The pasta came second.  The menu advertises the pasta as being served "al dente".  Rather, we got a bowl of mush. Secondly, who ever made the pasta put so much curry in our dish it was inedible.  We love Indian food, Thai food and Mexican food, so spice is not an issue.  But a balance of spices is key to a good dish.  If I would have had my eyes closed eating the pasta I would never guess there were other ingredients in the bowl, everything tasted like red curry  powder/paste.  Awful.
We flagged down the waiter and told him the ingredients were off.  He recommended another pasta bowl which we noticed had peas in it.  We told him my husband was allergic to peas, and he said that he would tell the kitchen to leave them out.  So, we agreed to try that pasta dish instead.  You guessed it, it came delivered to our table 15 minutes later loaded with peas.  We waited another 7 minutes to show our waiter what happened.  He said he could not believe it, he even "told them not to put in peas".  
The second bowl of pasta was also no where near al dente - moving the spoon to see all the peas determined that pasta was very over-cooked also.
So, there you have it folks.
We were at the restaurant for 1 and 1/2 hours only to leave with left over pizza in a cardboard box we would need to heat up at home because the ingredients were not fully cooked through at the restaurant.
The restaurant is VERY noisy, screaming kids, the tables are packed together (we could hear the conversation next to us).  If you want to have a private conversation, not the place to go to.
If you want to have a nice, quiet evening together enjoying wine and your meal, not the place to go to.
Oh, and let's not forget, both the men's and the women's restrooms were out of commission.  Something wrong with the sewer or plumbing, so there were signs on both doors indicating they could not be used.
Made us wonder - how were staff washing their hands in the kitchen if the rest rooms were out of order with plumbing issues - it is all connected!!   
Needless to say, we would not return.
