uOJ87zqbU1MtShCSHDkiyw This place has great food and a nice atmosphere as long as you go early or when the music hasn't started. Once the music starts, this place turns in to a totally different atmosphere/ They bring in great bands who offer great music to dance the night away to, the best bands in town really! I'd say the service is inconsistent. They are either really great or really bad. Last night we had a wonderful server, once we finally got him to come over to our table. The weekend before was mediocre at best. And a few weeks ago we had a server that pretty much ignored us all night, forgot to place our food order, never asked if we needed refills, and was more concerned with whatever was on the TV than serving us. Then we got double charged at the end of the night. Very disappointing. Some nights I go in wanting to eat, but can't place a food order because the kitchen was already closed, when it's suppose to be open til 11pm. It seems that when the owner leaves then everything shifts gears.

The ladies room is unkept at night. They always run out of toilet paper, the toilets often become backed up, they run out of paper towels to dry your hands, and the floors are gross!

It's no secret that the "cougars" call this place home, you'll see the occasional "swinger" couple, and the regulars with their weird dancing quarks. Whatever, it makes for good people watching. But what I have a problem with is having to witness couples engaging in sexual behavior in the booths and at the bar without anyone on staff saying or doing anything about it. The staff just stood in the corner watching it all go down. This is disgusting, makes your customers uncomfortable, and a health violation if you ask me. They should have been asked to leave. Instead, I had several friends leave because no one was doing anything about it. Bad for business! My other issue of concern is people being over served. I've seen this happen on several occasions. Last night a clearly drunk gal punched her date in the face. And while he left, she stayed and was able to keep drinking. I just hope she wasn't driving. Oh, and did I mention the women smoking pot in the ladies room last night? Oh, yea, that happened too. Really people?!?! Leave it at home!

I write this review because I am in here very often and have been coming for many years and want to see some changes being made, especially before the second location opens. I love this place and want to see your continued success, but please make some changes.
