usFNFsaaHFxEbnBO4FaFHA Boy and I went to Piccolo Forno around seven on a Thursday evening. When we arrived, all the tables were filled and we were told that a table for two was a 25 minute wait.  Like other reviewers, we went to a neighboring bar until we were called back for our table. For the record, this does not bother me.  I more than expect there to be crowds and wait times when a business is small and popular!  Moreover, if one plans or calls ahead, it is easy to work around such things.  At any rate, the restaurant called us a mere 20 minutes later and upon our return, we were seated by a friendly host.   

The menu offers many Italian appetizers, salads, pizzas, panini and pasta entrees. I looked around and realized most people ordered pizza. Boy and I each chose pasta, with him ordering the tortelli with pork and beef in a bolognese sauce. I opted for the salmon ravioli.  Boy's entree was delicious, but I was forced to do something I hate... return a dish. Something simply did not sit right with me. The salmon ravioli was tossed in a rather bland sauce.  I couldn't take more than a few bites.  Thankfully, our waitress was extremely gracious and let me pick something else (which happened to be the very tasty lasagna).  Even though we offered to pay for all three dishes, they did not charge us for the ravioli.  

Something random I observed about the food. Piccolo Forno LOVES nutmeg.  Nutmeg is often used in béchamel sauce (which is in their lasagna), but I found it a tad overpowering as it was in all three pasta sauces we had.  

Dessert was a delicious peanut butter gelato with a caramel center covered in chocolate. One of the better desserts I have ever had! 

I will sum up with some pros and cons. 

Pros:  The food was good (the dessert was better)! Service is friendly and helpful.

Cons: The restaurant is small, which can lead to noise and cramped seating. A little too much nutmeg.  Lastly, and this is just a silly pet peeve of mine, their website reminds me of MySpace in that it BLASTS music at you.  

I'd like to go back and try the pizzas and paninis.
