usFNFsaaHFxEbnBO4FaFHA I'm giving this place 4 stars for the taste of the food only (not the staff/operations etc.) because the food is really really really good.  And I only had the pizza so I can only imagine what the pasta tastes like, I'm looking forward to going back and finding out!  But a friend that I was with had their pasta and said it was one of the best meals she's had in really long time.  

Ok now a separate rating of 0-1 STAR for poor restaurant management.  This place is really popular so expect a wait.  We went on a Saturday night - we must have been masochists b/c we had to wait for an 1 1/2 hours.  But hey I get it and I'm not complaining about the actual wait time.  I will complain about the inability for the restaurant staffers to move/turn tables quicker.  There were so many (not just one or two) but several tables that were done eating but were not budging from their seats.  Dozens of people were waiting to be seated.  And I get the whole lets just sit a bit after our meal, but sitting for longer than 15 minutes when there's a huge wait for other patrons is totally unacceptable and rude.  I feel that it's the restaurants responsibility to politely approach a table that's done with their meal but just lounging around to encourage them to leave.  It's also in the best interest of the restaurant if they're in the business to make money.  Faster tables turned = more groups seated = more $$$$.

Just a friendly, "Is there anything else you'll need tonight and thanks for coming", would probably be sufficient to subtly suggest, "Get the hell out of here".  But no, the staffers refused to do anything about it, and they were also getting annoyed about the groups that had been sitting for 45 minutes or longer after eating.  But I'm not sure why they refuse to do anything about it.  I feel like if they were to fix this issue, this restaurant would be one of the best in the city.  It's just poor operational managment!

Once we were seated our waitress was very attentive and friendly so I'm not criticizing the service, but the operations of the place.
