usFNFsaaHFxEbnBO4FaFHA I haven't been to Piccolo Forno in a long time mostly because I know that it's always packed and they don't take reservations unless you have a party of 6 or more, however the food is definitely worth the wait.  On my most recent visit I went to dinner there with a friend around 8:45 PM assuming that it wouldn't be crowded, but the place was packed to capacity and we had to put our name on the list for a table (it took about 20 minutes).  I ordered the Tagliatelle con Ragu di Agnello which is braised lamb with olives on spinach tagliatelle topped with orange zest and grated cacio cavallo.  The pasta was so fresh and delicious that you could actually taste the flour - I know that might sound odd, but I mean it in the absolutely best way - you could tell by the smell, texture, flavor of the Tagliatelle that it had just been made - it hadn't been sitting around and wasn't stale of overcooked - it was absolute perfection!  The orange zest added an interesting brightness to the dish, though I found it a little overpowering but overall the dish was delicious - the lamb was braised just right and was melt in your mouth tender and the olives were just the right amount of salt to give a depth and earthiness to the dish.  My friend ordered one of the hand-tosses pizze - the Quattro Stagioni which came with 4 different toppings (sectioned off) and she said that she could tell that the pizze dough was handmade that the toppings were all fresh and quality ingredients.  My only complaint is similar to what some other people have posted which is that the hostess was not pleasant at all.  She seemed exasperated that I wanted to put our names on the list and really seem to dislike her job, and unfortunately, our waitress wasn't much friendlier.  I'm sure this is just because the place is so busy and it's obviously stressful when there is no downtime for them but it's unfortunately part of their job to deal with customers and it seems to me that it should be a GOOD thing that the restaurant is so busy because that means job security.  I will definitely go back again, but I might try to go during an "off" time when I have a day off during the week, that's not also a holiday so that maybe they will be a little less crazy and I can enjoy the atmosphere without feeling rushed and cramped in.
