UYh1N1xQhOh-a7nX92xPzQ I have been to Brio a few times prior to this and each time has been nothing special so I never thought to write of those experiences. On Monday a friend of mine and I decided to eat here after some shopping. There was no wait and we had the pleasure of being seated in Amanda's section who was an absolute delight!! I could not have asked for a better server or better service! She was extremely knowledgeable of the menu, engaged in some wonderful conversation and even joked with us when appropriate. 

We started with the amazing Bruschetta Sampler which Amanda recommended, perfect choice! My friend went with some sort of pasta and I chose the lamb chops with Maple Balsamic Brussels Sprouts. 

After the food was delivered, Amanda checked up on us to ensure everything was great. I actually finally was able to convince my friend to try lamb for the first time. She actually loved it  and we expressed that to Amanda. After a couple of minutes Will, some sort of manager came over and asked if everything was ok, we confirmed that it was and he continued on his way. After I finished the first lamb chop, I took a break to show my friend something on my phone when we were rudely interrupted by Will, the manager. He immediately asked if we wanted boxes. We hadn't even had our main dish for longer than 10 minutes and I told him that I was not finished and I was still working on it. He then said he would go get the check, he returned a few minutes later and said "No rush!"  I was kind of confused because there wasn't a wait for seats and there were several tables that had been at their enjoying their dinner longer than we were even in the restaurant. 

Amanda came over and even was confused on why he was bothering us, we explained that we felt that we were being kicked out and were not even offered the dessert menu which we were actually going to order, but since we were made to feel unwelcome we would just pay and leave. Amanda decided to get another manager to come over and apologize for the experience. Jenna came over and apologized and offered free dessert but our experience was already ruined and since we were made to feel like we were not wanted we just wanted to leave. 

We paid the tab and decided to leave. Again I cannot tell you how amazing Amanda was, Jenna was very sympathetic and tried everything change our experience. 

Honestly, Will should not be allowed to work with the public. I do understand why we were basically told to leave before I was able to even taste my side dish.  I definitely will not be back at this location!

I forgot to mention that after this was posted, I did receive gift card in the mail as a way to make peace, but also a personal phone call from Will informing me that he was bothered that someone would feel this was about him, he apologized profusely and even offered to buy me drinks, i kind of feel weird that they gave him my number and he kept me on the phone for a good 30-45 minutes trying to win my approval. It was strangely uncomfortable but at the same time nice to be able to tell someone they were the reason for a low review, just weird he has my cell phone number.
