UYJLWDj_jytplZEkjPe6sg I typically would not write a review, tonight I will make an exception.

I arrived with my girlfriend at 7 p.m. and the restaurant was clearly not on wait. The two servers and two hostesses at the front did not so much as acknowledge us let alone greet us, for minutes. They seemed to be too busy chatting it up and giggling about everything but that night's service.  When they decided to acknowledge our presence a nice male host appeared quickly and seated us promptly. While walking to our table it was easily observed that while busy this establishment couldn't have been more than 75% seated. As we arrived at our table my girlfriend and I put our hands down on our respective booth seats only to draw our crumb covered hands back immediately. I asked if this table had been bussed (rhetorically) and proceeded to ask him if he could wipe down our seats. He did immediately and apologized, leaving us to sit in what were now wet seats (bring a dry towel next time you have to bus on the fly). My girlfriend used her cloth napkin to dry her seat while I was in far too deep and choose to deal with it as my golf shorts were black. The table was fairly clean and set with wine glasses cleaned well below par. After reading almost the whole menu, deciding on entrees, drinks and contemplating appetizers our conversation moved to how long it was going to take for somebody to come to our table. After discussing it for several more minutes we decided to leave (7:20 p.m.). As we were standing up a server attempted to ask what we would like to drink and my girlfriend informed her we were leaving. She looked surprised and another server wished us a good night and I replied in kind.

I've always liked Olive Garden's food and have never had a problem with this location. However, tonight's service was one of the worst experiences I've had at any establishment. I'm an industry employee and am forgiving of slight misses here and there. I understand the processes of turning tables and coming out of volume. If nothing else I hope the GM and DM are privy to this review. I wish you well Chandler (Germann) OG, but I WILL NOT BE BACK!
