4g7vpvqPMgWGwge1w5JSAA During the Grand Prix weekend my father and I have found it very difficult to find quality food in Montreal.  We suspect that because of the crowds, normally excellent restaurants are churning out sub-par food for above average prices.  

Primi Piatti bucks that trend.  

Desperate for high quality food, we ventured away from the city center and explored the beautiful St. Lambert neighborhood.  After a few positive reviews on Yelp we decided to try Primi Piatti.  We did not have a reservation, nor, embarassingly, were we properly attired, however the host Pino took pity and seated us in the outside patio area.

A quick review of the wine list revealed true taste and selection went into putting it together. While some wines that americans are accustomed to having inexpensively are a bit pricey due to import taxes, there are a number of excellent bottles under $50.  We selected the Cellar 8 Cab Sav. for $30.  The bottle was brought along with glasses proper to the wine.  A quick look around and I saw that every wine was being served in the glasses appropriate for that wine.  I also observed that most of the "newer" (2006 and up) vintage old world wines were poured through an aerator.  When our host Pino approached I mentioned my observations and he told us how he is a somolier and he ensures all of the staff is well versed by trying new wines every night.  

Our waiters, Hubert and Pat, made very educated suggestions on their menu and were incredibly attentive and personable.  The ladies reading this will appreciate that every waiter in the house could model underwear as a side job. 

The food delivered to our table was amazing.  I had a wood oven fired pizza with prosciutto and arugula and my father had the prix fix menu which included a creamy vegetable soup, the filet mignon and dessert.  The filet was perfectly fired and the accompanying veg and mash were nicely done.  My pizza was easily the best pizza I have had since Italy.

The food, wine and service was so exceptional that we returned there for dinner the following 2 nights, appropriately attired of course!

I can't recommend this restaurant more highly.  

Finally I would like to thank Hubert, Pat and Pino for being so warm and welcoming.  I look forward to meeting you again.
