VBcmyBxAPcpzbbnPbFfttA MM MMM DELIZIOSO!

My friends, there's this thing that happens to some people when they are preggers, and to others even without a bun in the oven, called Cravings. And when that craving hits, it consumes all of you that you have two options: 1. go to all measures to fulfill it (i.e. yelp up what's open and text up my entire phone list for a buddy), or sometimes, the agonizing option 2. try to rock yourself asleep or do everything on your chores list to keep yourself from thinking about it.... (--- yea right, who's ever so productive?!)

So I, without being preggers, succumb to cravings on the regular and last week, the stars aligned for me to fulfill my craving for a margherita pizza at Bettola! My friend and I were initially going for Terroni but there was still a 30-minute wait at way past dinner time, so we went to Bettola just up the street.

It was still very full and happening at past-9PM on a Saturday night but we were able to be seated right away. Very cool paper place settings with a different geometric design on each one. The server was authentic Italian and spoke English with a wonderful Italian accent, which definitely added to the atmospheric enjoyment. She informed us that the papperdelle was not with veal that night, but with duck - excellent news because my friend, who does not eat pork or beef, ended up ordering it.

My craving was satisfied by the PIZZE DI BUFALINA and his papperdelle was DE*LICIOUS. The portion of the pasta was fair, and the pizza, a standard individual pizza size was more than enough for me. The pizza wasn't anything mind-blowingly exceptional but it was nice to have a craving for something specific satisfied by a well-made dish. The pasta was cooked perfectly and the duck so tender, and excellent flavour on the sauce.

All the desserts sounded so tasty but I regretfully declined. The service was so prompt and excellent. I would definitely go back again. And lucky me, it's right in my hood :)

Atmosphere - 5/5
Service - 5/5
Food - 4/5
Price - 3.5/5
