VgfqjXetLMxn5X5_uomBkg My friends and I were enjoying a girls' weekend in Phoenix and picked Alexi's Grill due to a reservation being available on Open Table on a Friday evening (June 5, 2015). It appears we had a similar experience to another Yelper that very evening. Our server was obnoxious and condescending from the start. We asked for menus as the hostess had not given them to us, and he chastised us and said we could not have menus until we ordered drinks! So we asked for a wine list/drink menu. The server said they did not have one and we should just tell him what we liked. We're still not sure if they don't carry top shelf liquor or if the server just wouldn't share that information with us. My friend ordered a gin and tonic and I ordered a vodka martini. We are not used to well drinks, but that is what we received. As we were ordering our drinks, my friend asked for bread as she was feeling sick from not eating lunch. The server didn't know this, but he responded, "We don't bring bread until you order from the menu." Everything he said was rude and peppered with attitude. My three friends ordered the Chicken Marsala Southwest and I ordered the Eggplant Parmigiana. The server said to one of my friends, "You know that's hot, right?" and as another friend declined soup or salad he said, "You know it comes with the price of the meal?" We were just appalled at this point. The house salads were fine. We were relieved to be moving on with the evening. Then our meals were served. My eggplant was rubbery and tasteless. I can make better eggplant at home and I'm not a chef. Our server did not return until my friends were almost finished with their meals, so obviously I was not going to order a replacement meal at that point. My friends' chicken marsala meals were bland and completely uninteresting in any way. They ate them just because we hadn't had lunch and needed protein! The server did not apologize for my meal, nor did a manager come to our table. The only thing I can say that he did do that was proactive was remove it from our bill. This was the second time in my life that I have not left a server a gratuity, but he managed to make this the most unpleasant dining experience I've ever had. I would not recommend the service, the drinks, the food or the decor. I'm not sure how this place has four stars on Yelp.
