VjaHHmV-rSkFaOAnU3faxg Having been here about a dozen times or more, I feel I can provide an informed review.  There are many things to like about the offerings from Salvatore's - beyond just their menu of tomato pies.

The daily pie specials are a favorite of mine, as they tend to be selections that combine newly available or seasonal ingredients in combination with some of the standards to create something completely unique.  Some of the most memorable have at times included roast duck, chorizo and a number of heirloom veggies.

Add to that a rotating array of daily specials for entrees (sandwiches, tacos, etc.) and salads, and you've got the makings for a "new" menu every time you venture in.  Those tacos are an item that makes it onto almost every order placed at Salvatore's - I especially like them as an 'appetizer' for carry out orders.  Be aware that they are a bit spicy, so those sensitive to the heat may find themselves uncomfortable with a bite.  I find them flavorful and perfectly spicy.

Desserts, while not fare I typically indulge in, are also a high point for my kids.  The rotating selection of house-made treats make my daughter look forward to each trip here.

I shouldn't write a review without mentioning the tomato pies - these are the primary draw for most customers here, and the offerings from the house are top-rate.  There's something for everyone - meaty, spicy, veggie, etc.  I prefer to mix things up and get each pie our table orders split half-and-half so we get a greater variety of flavors. You can also do a build-your-own, but Patrick and his crew seem to have done a great job refining the flavors of the local ingredients to take that decision out of your hands.

The most important part of the pies, to me, is the crust.  I simply DO NOT eat pizza crust because it is usually too doughy or hard as a rock.  The crust on these pies is something I look forward to eating - it is the ONLY restaurant that I eat the entire slice at.  It plays as big of a part in the flavor as do the other ingredients that are locally sourced.  Without it, I don't think I'd be as big a fan.

Lastly, the rotating craft beer selection is another reason for regular visits.  There is a wide array of styles and flavors to pair with your food.

I've read some reviews expressing concern over the price of the food.  If cost is a concern, I believe Little Caesars is just down the street.  You get what you pay for, and the combination of flavors Salvatore's offers while focusing on supporting local farmers for meats, cheeses and vegetables is second to none.

Follow them on facebook for daily updates on specials.
