vKKSF1_1JNnRMaoNPQb5Lw I was very excited when I found out that Oregano's is opening up in the west side, which I have been asking for almost 10 years. I expected to have a long wait just like any other Oregano's I've been to. 

That said,

My first visit to this location was couple weeks after they opened. I ordered Beefstro salad and Bollo Pasta. They had no knowledge of menu at all... When I asked the hostess how long it was gonna take, she said it'll be 45 minutes. I replied with "for a salad and pasta?" right then, the manager was walking by and overheard my question and said, "no, not for a salad and Bollo Pasta, it'll only be 10-15 minutes". That sounded better, so I walked over to the bar, which only has 4 tightly close seats, saw that they were all taken, of course, just ordered my drink and stood in the walk-way. There were no other place to wait for food and outside waiting area was WAY over crowded. After 45 minutes..... (hostess was right) I finally got my food and took it to my work (good thing I had plenty of time before my shift) opened my food and I couldn't find any beef on my Beefstro salad. Just a big box of greens! So I called... and surprisingly the hostess knew that I was missing my beef and asked me to come back and get them (She said she had it right there and forgot to put it in my bag). I was already at work so I wasn't able to. If they had not taken so long to get my food in the first place, I probably had came, but no. So she puts me on hold and gets the manager. He tells me to come get the meat. Again, I said I can't. So then he said he will give me a salad for free next time I come in. So I said sure. I couldn't stop by to get the salad, so I called up again and he just mailed me a $15 gift card (one week later). 

Second visit (to use my gift card).

It was around 1 pm on Saturday. There were 2 hour wait for a table. I walked around and saw that the couple on the bar was about to leave. Stood behind them so I could grab their seat as they leave. (woo-hoo no wait!!)  The bartender was so busy/inexperienced/stressed/overwhelmed that it took him 10 minutes to greet us.10 minutes for our beer. Another 10 minutes to take our order. Not to mention other people trying to order drinks while they wait leaning over our shoulders and standing next to us the entire time... I like sitting at bar for easy of ordering. Not this time. Watching him made me uneasy for how stressed he was. I got my salad, Pizza Cookie (they changed the name?) and left. Unpleasantly

Third visit.... did not happen because I called to make a take out order and was told that it will take an hour for a Beefstro Salad. Just like some of the other reviews I saw, food is good, but 1 hour wait for a salad is bit absurd. 


Very disappointed!!!
