vNQkym5qZ-E-4AJ4IQ5JEg My grandmother, a woman from Italy who expresses little emotion, commented "they have good food there" after we left--the ultimate sign of approval. 
I called the restaurant on the day of, and while they clearly were pretty booked, the hostess graciously fit our party in (for a party of 5 they plan to allocate 2.5 hrs). There was unexpected traffic on our way in, so called to give a heads up, and whoever picked up was very forgiving and even tried to help us find a better route.  Though we arrived a few minutes late for the reservation, this was not made to be a big deal and we were seated immediately. 

The atmosphere is as if you are having dinner in your Italian grandmothers house (I know this because I have an Italian grandmother), very warm and cozy and decorations that can stimulate a conversation.  They have a nice selection of cocktails, and of course wine, but it is definitely a place you go for the food. 

Our waiter told us they currently get their bread from mancinis, but made it sound as though they will be going back to making their own rather soon.  The bread is offered with multiple options for spreading/dipping including an olive oil based dip and a goat cheese spread, which was my favorite.  For appetizers, we tried the meatball--which comes out as one giant meatball but was more than enough as an appetizer for 5--and the fried cheese. Both were delicious, and my brother even took the extra red sauce home. 

The main courses did not disappoint either.  With each entree you get a "side" salad--which was good enough to be a meal itself--and some of their clearly homemade pasta.  I'm not sure if they always serve the sides the same way, but he pasta came in a vodka sauce that was just the right amounts of creamy and spicy, and they offer an oil you can add individually if you are one that likes extra spice.  I had the cotoletta del monzu (forgive my spelling) or breaded veal cutlets AND crabmeat, so juicy and flavorful.  My brother (who I didn't think ate seafood) had a seafood diavlo dish and loved it.  The only complaint was that the "spicy oil" was still not spicy enough, but I doubt this would be of concern to anyone besides my mother.   

In summary, I am a person who generally doesn't like to go to Italian restaurants--I don't really like pasta and I've had so much Italian food in my life--but if you live in or are even just visiting Pittsburgh, alla famiglia is a must!
