VOLVoQjKICQ8b6DjrUvGWg Got the wings here...plain and simple...they're awful. Barely any meat, very dry, no flavor. Won't be back...

**UPDATE**
The (I assume) owner of this "fine" establishment decided to email me about my review on their wings...the following is the correspondence between myself and "Meridith". If this is how they treat their customers, I seriously don't understand how they've managed to stay open for a so called "40 years"...

Message from Meridith:
"Wings were sauced like they always are. If you read the menu you could have gotten the wings sloppy. Our wings are the same size as every where else in the valley. Try our pizza next time. We've been in business for 40+ years. We must be doing something right. You can try Papa Johns."

Response message from me:
"Don't be angry cause you have horrible wings...not everyone can get them right so don't feel bad. I can't say anything about your pizza cause I've never had it but even so I doubt I'd go back just to try it...
Sure...your wings are the same size as everyone else's in the valley...as far as the bone goes. But it's the AMOUNT of meat on the bone which counts. And that right there is where your wings are TRUELY inferior.
Your wings were purchased to feed a party of people during a boxing match on PPV and every single person at the party who ate the wings all said they were horrible...so for your sake I hope that we just got a bad batch or something cause none of those people there said they would ever go to your restaurant for wings.
It was very immature and unprofessional to message me and talk to me in such a way about the issue when instead you should be more focused on trying to find out what the issue was and fixing it. I will be doing a follow up to my review to show everyone how you treat your customers over a matter of simply having their own opinion about your food if it just so happens to be a negative opinion."

Sounds like a serious lack of customer service skills on their part. Looks like I'll be getting my wings from Papa Johns from now on...*sigh* what a serious tragedy....lol!
