VoXUt6TIJWyIf_lihbN5xQ We went tonight as a group of 5 celebrating two birthdays.  My husband, myself, our daughter, Mother/Father-in-law.  We arrived at 5:30 on a Wednesday evening and were seated quickly.  Unfortunately, it was the only thing that was quick.  Everything else was slow, slow, slow.  It took a long time for the server to come to our table to acknowledge us and take a drink order.  My father-in-law gave her a dirty fork from his place setting when we sat down and she said she'd bring another one, which she never did.  He also asked her a question and she didn't know the answer and said she would find out which she never did.   We ordered two appetizers and everyone ordered an entree.  She said that she would wait to order the entrees so we would have time to finish the appetizers.  I had a feeling that wasn't a good idea and I was right because 5 people finished two small appetizers rather quickly and it was a long time before the food arrived. Long after we had ordered, she came back to ask my husband if he wanted chicken or veal...she couldn't remember.  Drinks sat empty on the table.  After we received our food, the server came once quickly to see how everything was.  I had a bit of food in my mouth and didn't have time to stop her to ask for another wine and more water....both glasses completely empty.  My daughter's glass was empty.  The server decided everything was fine and ran off.  I didn't have a chance to even ask for more water.  I think that she at least should have been able to see that glasses were empty.  We sat with empty plates for a long time after finishing dinner.  We waited a long time for the check.  When she brought the check I knew that if we didn't give her the credit card immediately we'd end up waiting a long time for her to return.  Unforunately she dropped the check and left before Father-in-law could get the credit card out so we waited a long time for her to come back.  The food was just okay.   The place was so loud that we felt like we had to shout to hear each other.  I had a headache by the time we were done.  :-(

Honestly, we won't be back.  I can understand being busy, poor service/bad night/off night, so-so food, poor ambiance...but when it is all of those things combined into the first experience at a place it just makes me not want to come back.  There are too many other great places out there.
