vre_Ga2KJCypcP6XMn8Y7g Di Vito's is nothing spectacular, let's get that out of the way first. It's cheap Italian food that's nothing to write home about. If you're looking for an unforgettable experience, look somewhere else. However, this joint has a few really good things going for it that make it worth a regular spot on your lunch rotation if you live or work in the area.

For one, Di Vito's is consistent. You will never get a bad meal here. You will get an average Italian meal, a good sandwich or a decent pizza every time you visit. It's the perfect definition of "just good enough"; you know, that kind of food where you know there's something a lot better our there, but because of value/convenience you keep coming back - that's what Di Vito's is. And if you're like me, you want a consistent eating establishment. Di Vito's is not a crap shoot, and that earns it points.

The next thing that Di Vito's has going for it is value. For an Italian take-away spot, you get a pretty hefty bang for your buck at Di Vito's. Whenever I order an anchovy pizza from there, the price I pay is reasonable, and guess what, the pizza actually has a decent amount of anchovies! And their dinners are also a really great value. For $9.75 I got a sizeable portion of eggplant parmesan, spaghetti, garlic bread and a salad. The eggplant parm was average at best, but there's no denying the fact that this is a very good value.

Finally, the service is solid. The food is made in a timely manner, the staff is always polite and friendly and I genuinely feel appreciated every time I visit. On a slow day, the workers will usually stop and chat with you. It feels nice. I always find that Italian restaurants have some of the friendliest workers, and Di Vito's is no exception.

So time for a rating... it's a tough one here. Probably between 3 and 4 stars. Let me make it clear: the food quality is NOT worth 4 stars; it's 3 stars at best. It's the kind of food that you know you can make better at home, but hey, sometimes you just don't feel like cooking, so you settle on eating out. You know that feeling, you want some cheap Italian food at the last minute, that's where Di Vito's comes in.

Regardless, I'm going to be generous and bump Di Vito's up to 4 stars. The restaurant has always treated me well, it has great value for an Italian place and I always know what to expect. Plus, it's literally within walking distance of my residence, so it gets a hometown bonus.

Bottom Line: Di Vito's is some of the most average, run-of-the-mill Italian food you will ever find. But if you're looking for good value and consistent friendly service, it deserves a visit.
