VsewHMsfj1Mgsl2i_hio7w LAVO should be known for their meatballs AND Panna Cotta Cheesecake!!

*This review is for the restaurant only*

After hearing that LAVO had the best meatballs in town and good food overall, I just had to go and try it for myself. We came here with my good friends from Hawaii. I made reservations on a week night when there was no special event going on at the nightclub, hoping it would be less crowded.

At first, service was good. We had 3 different servers who said that they would all be helping us. However, after our drinks were delivered, we got stuck with one server, who was kind of an airhead. I'll be nice and not mention her name, but this is how it went down. We were all obviously ready to order because our menus were closed and stacked nicely on one corner of the table.
Server: "Are you all ready to order, or do we need a few more minutes?"
Us: "We're ready."
Server: "I'll give you a few more minutes."
Us: "Umm, we just said we were ready."
Server: "Oh ok, go ahead."
Then later that night....
Server: "Are you still working on this or do you want me to take the plate out of your way?"
My friend: "Still working on it."
Server: *reaches out to grab the plate*
My Friend:" No, I am STILL working on it!"
Server: "Oh, ok."
Geeez, she had serious issues! Also note that we ate here right after they opened, so the place wasn't crazy loud at the time. If she's deaf, she shouldn't be a server. She really needs to get her act together! Horrible!

Anyway, the food was awesome and we all enjoyed our dinner. We ordered the Meatball with whipped fresh Ricotta. Good thing we split it between the 4 of us because it was huge! Very flavorful and melted in my mouth! I wanted more, so I ordered the Spaghetti with Kobe Meatballs. My husband ordered the New York Strip Steak and said it was one of the best steaks he ever had. Now I know what to order next time! Our friends ordered the Chicken Parmigiano (also huge) and some other pasta dish. And now for the best part, Dessert!! Thanks to my friends, I am now addicted to the Panna Cotta Cheesecake! I don't know how to explain it, except to say that is was a big delicious slice of heavenly, creamy berry goodness! Sometimes Cheesecakes can be too rich, but this one was light and not overly sweet. Slices are big enough for 2 people to share, but I honestly think I could eat the entire thing on my own. I would seriously do a take out order, just for the cheesecake!

Definitely looking forward to coming back and trying other items on the menu. Hopefully, service will be better next time!
