VsewHMsfj1Mgsl2i_hio7w MEATBALLS!! That's all you gotta know about Lavo (the restaurant) 

Staying at the Palazzo means having an array or restaurants to choose from. My friend and I wanted something convenient, Italian, with outdoor seating availability. We chose Lavo. 

We actually took quite a bit of time looking over the menu; having trouble deciding on a pasta dish, meatballs, or a signature dish.  Our eyes were definitely bigger than our appetites. After having decided on an order of Kobe Meatballs with Ricotta, Salmon Oreganto, and the Chicken and Mushroom Ravioli, we quickly had a change of heart.  The waiter gave us fair warning that the first two dishes would be sufficient, and boy was he right.  We cancelled the ravioli and ordered: 

Kobe Meatballs with Ricotta ($22): holy meatball.. this thing was ginormous! The waiter wasn't kidding around, this could easily serve 3-4 people; especially after serving us the complimentary garlic bread. The meatball was juicy and tender, although a bit salty for my taste (I am very senstiive to salty foods) but to anybody else I'm sure it's just the right amount of salty.  Perfect when paired with the garlic bread.  Definitely something I would come back for in the future. Hell, I'd even come, sit at the bar and order just the meatball.

Salmon Oreganato ($29): this too was a bit on the saltier side. We honestly probably could have done without this had we known the garlic bread would be so filling.  The fish was pretty good, not too dry and very flavorful.  The cucumber nestled underneath the salmon helped balance the saltiness of the fish and was very refreshing.  

20 Layer Peanut Butter Chocolate Cake ($13):  This was quite a hefty-sized cake.  Pretty good bang for your buck if you're sharing among 4+ people.  Between the two of us, we barely made a dent.  It tasted like a peanut butter cup... and I LOVE peanut  butter cups.  I will say, I am not a fan of the chocolate shavings they put on the outside of the cake.. too crunchy and adds to the already over-sweet taste of the dessert.
