VsewHMsfj1Mgsl2i_hio7w We went on the last day of restaurant week, which was $50 for each person. It's a 4-course meal including dessert, and we thought it looked decent so we booked a reservation. We walked right in, and people were already chowing their dinner or having drinks in the bar area.

As far as the decor, it's pretty much the usual "dark" Vegas decor. Since these are the same people who started Tao next door at Venetian, it's got about the same vibe. It was cool that the balcony outdoor area faces the Strip and a view of all the pyrotechnics from the TI Sirens show across the street.

On to the food. In a word to describe it all... heavy. 2 words? Very heavy. I know, this is Italian food, which is heavy, but this is Italian food on steroids. We had to request the restaurant week menu, and the waiter let it be known that the food portion sizes would be smaller than the usual. That was fine with us. But every dish that arrived was huge... either they just gave us normal portions, or I'd hate to imagine what even bigger portions looked like!

My wife and I both shared the calamari and kobe stuffed rice balls for appetizers, sea bass and seafood penne pasta for entrees, broccoli rabe and haricot vert (longer, skinnier green beans). Honestly, by the time we finished the apps, we were just about stuffed. The calamari were decent, thickly cut, crispy, and not too oily. I didn't taste much meat inside the rice balls, perhaps they skimped out on them.

The roasted sea bass was cooked very well, very moist, and drenched in butter. The penne seafood alfredo had some very good sized shrimp, but there wasn't much else. Maybe a few microscopic sized scallops, and I didn't even see any lobster meat. The haricot vert was very good, well-seasoned. The broccoli rabe, on the other hand, I just wasn't used to. Extremely bitter in flavor, I thought it would at least taste similar to Chinese style gai-lan. They couldn't be any more different, lesson learned.

By the time dessert rolled around, we just about had to unbuckle or belts and slip on sweat pants. They brought out a tiramisu dessert with a candle and Happy Birthday written on the plate, which I thought was a nice touch. Again, good dessert but very heavy. To top it all off, we also had a bread pudding dessert that we had to take to-go. Service was very good and friendly. We wouldn't come back again, but we had a good time nonetheless.
