VsewHMsfj1Mgsl2i_hio7w Unfortunately, I had a pretty poor experience at LAVO despite of the great interior design, funny bathrooms, good music, and above-average desserts. I think the problem with this place is the price/performance ratio. The complimentary garlic bread was decent. We ordered 2 appetizers: calamari and eggplant parmegiano. Calamari was barely OK but eggplant was good. The main platter that I had was seafood pasta for $38 and the dish was super salty and acidic due to overuse of tomatoes. My wife ordered one of the fish dishes over which they poured balsamic vinegar without double checking with my wife. She was so disgusted with the fish she had to send it back. The next fish she got was salty as well but at least she thought it was well cooked. We finished the dining experience with an order of 2 desserts and both were above average. Overall, pretty average food that you can probably get elsewhere 1/3 of the price with a much better taste.

My biggest problem was our waitress. After she took our drink and appetizer orders, she disappeared for 20 mins. When our appetizers showed up, I asked another poor fellow whether we are gonna be able to order the main dishes if our princess waitress decides to show up. She came over in another 5 minutes, didn't even apologize and pretended like nothing happened. We had to wait for the main dishes for another 30 mins. We didn't get water refreshments and I think we have been only asked once if we need more drinks in that time. When the food came, I was already feeling filled but ate the whole thing because I was very angry (and it is super hard to make me angry).  When my wife's food turned out to be bad, the manager came over and apologized so +1 for the manager.

Overall, we paid for 4 people about $350 w/o a bottle of wine or anything like that. If we only paid $150-$200 I could have been still OK but at this price range I expect high quality services to be delivered. Really disappointed in LAVO, never coming back and never sending any of my friends there. Sorry, Palazzo.
