VsewHMsfj1Mgsl2i_hio7w Interestingly enough we actually enjoyed our stay at Lavo. 

My friend, Anne, and I just finished watching Phantom of the Opera at the Venetian and they gave us complimentary drinks at Lavo. Niiice. I love free drinks but neither one of us has ever been to that place. It was a pleasant surprise that Lavo's interior is stunning! We adored the lighting, the Moroccan decor and even the coziness of the place. A perfect place to talk about the Phantom! We got our drinks, Midori Sour (yummy!) for both of us and sat at one of the comfy sofas while waiting for our hubbies. By the way, drinks are $11 to $13 for specialty drinks. Normal for Vegas standards.

We didn't wanna leave so we persuaded our hubbies to stay for dinner and boy did we made the right decision. The Kobe beef appetizer was divine but I fell in love with Heirloom(?) tomato salad. The prices was a bit steep but we expected it from a restaurant such as this one. Plus the fact that we're from the Bay Area where everything is overpriced, this is priced just right for us. Their appetizers run from $15 to $22, not bad since the ones we got are big enough to be shared by four, as long as you treat it as an appetizer and not the entree. 

The entrees came and I love love love my Veal Parmegiana (photos uploaded). I think it's priced around $28. Not bad since it's HUGE! Hubby ordered Seafood linguine ($22) which was just ok. A little on the salty side for my taste but hubby liked it. Huge serving again by the way. Anne's hubby ordered Lobster Risotto and it was just ok too and Anne got the Salmon with artichokes. I forgot the names but I tasted hers and I liked it too. Expect to pay around $22 to $35 for the entrees.

Our server is super nice. He was attentive and light hearted. He was able to answer all our questions and his suggestions were sound. We're not what you call upscale clientele but he made us feel that way. Unless of course he though we were because we were pretty that night. Hehe just kidding! There was also a guy going around asking people if we want to join the dance club upstairs. He said there won't be any cover charge since we already had our dinner there. Smart guy. He also stamped our wrists already so we won't have to fall in line. Purrrfect!

Ok here comes the bad. The dance club is baaad in my opinion. The hall on the way there is amazing but the actual dance floor is so disappointing! Even the music is BAD! It was crowded at 11pm but nobody was dancing. It only took us a second to wonder why. Everybody was asking for numbers and guys hawking to hook up. WTH? This is dance club people!

I'm giving Lavo the benefit of the doubt, maybe we came at wrong night. We were out of there in less than 5 minutes.

Instead we spent another couple of hours at  their lounge area outside. We enjoyed it there immensely. Just chatting, people watching and having smokes. It was the perfect end to a really nice day.

Will we come back to Lavo? Definitely. Check out the photos we uploaded.
