VtiHtLI2t0OjFjbrnR70lw **Update**

Can't believe I gave this place 4 stars before.. dropping it to 3 now, but it's more like 2.5

Service was slow and terrible even though the place was practically empty. Our empty plates stayed in front of us after the appetizer and far into eating our main, then our server passed the table many times when our main was finished and didn't grab our plates then either. You would think they could've cleared them by the time we got our bill but no such luck. Ive never paid a bill and left before my empty plates have been cleared, wow just the absolute worst service. My pasta was way underdone. We ordered the vegetable platter for $10 and what a rip off that was, the only thing good on there was one of the cheeses which size-wise was a joke. The rest of the seasonal veggies they throw together in a small bowl in the middle so they all taste the same. Everything has meat or seafood except one or two dishes, so it's not too great if you're a vegetarian (however didn't ask if they offer tofu as a replacement). Very small menu. Dessert menu was not very appealing especially since I tried the tiramisu before here and it wasn't good. They got rid of the salad I liked so much last time .. boo. Will not be back! 

First review: 4 star

First time here I ordered the rigatoni pomodoro and the heritage tomato salad. Pasta was cooked absolutely perfectly, not one second overcooked! Also it was delicious, all the ingredients tasted well together, for one of their more simpler mains I was very impressed. Cheeses on both dishes were very fresh and tasty, also they use the real kind of Parmesan brick that they shave on to your dish as you please. Thumbs up for real parm. The salad was better than expected, heavy on the tomatoes (obviously considering the name), if you like tomatoes you'll love this. Salad was fairly big, I also got the marinated chicken which was fresh, juicy and a big size. I'm not a huge salad fan but I will order this salad over and over again when I come back, it's really that good. Also ordered two drinks, a ceasar and the hurricane. Ceasar was just average, also a fairly small size. The hurricane was much better, very citrus-y. The dessert was tiramisu, which in my opinion was not that great, wouldn't order again. I am a tiramisu fanatic and this one probably lands a 6 on a 10 scale. The restaurant is quite nice, a very rustic atmosphere. We had a very polite and friendly server but the service was slow the night I went (Friday evening) although they were about 90% full. I would come back based on the mains, and try a different dessert next time as well. Also hoping to have better service.
