vUDqNV3RhI3FmZRwS7039g Can I give it 3.5 stars? Okay, I'm givin' it 4! I've been to Bobby's twice now and been really pleased with both the food and the ambiance. We've had very attentive service as well. But I've decided the kicker is to take advantage of specials. 

For example, the first time I went was for AZ Restaurant Week where I was able to try a prix fixe menu for a reasonable price. Last night I had my best friend from Kindergarten visiting who is a food disector... she literally takes food apart and re-distributes everything before taking the most finicky little bites. So I knew I needed a menu that was good, but had lots of variety with few surprises. I digress; we were ALL over that happy hour. Here's the thing, you get half-priced apps from 4-7pm along with the drinks specials. Since we needed to sit for a while and catch up,  we got a couple glasses of wine and dug in. 

The rundown: 
Crab Cake and lobster ravioli - And I quote "as if crab cake and lobster ravioli on the same plate isn't good enough, they go the extra mile and top it with delicate lil shrimpies!" (she got a second order later)

Eggplant rolletin - the thinnest, most tender eggplant, rolled up like a lil taquito with ricotta inside. (again, cause for a second order)

Escargot burgougne - I figured my first exposure to escargot might as well have them stuffed in beloved mushrooms. I could give or take this one, it was chewy and burned my tongue... but the garlic/wine/butter-oil they were swimming in went great with the bread.

Butternut squash raviolis - The stars of the evening, in my opinion... light, buttery, melt-in-your-mouth goodness. They have a hint of what I think I identified as clove or possibly nutmeg inside and are topped with a few diced tomatoes in a light, buttery sauce with a bit of sage. If I could ask for anything, it would be to have ordered a wine that paired better with them... love those lil guys!

Dessert - Not on happy hour, but we needed stretch out the stay. Cheesecake was generously portioned (too big, really) but good. I had the dessert special that I can't remember the name of, but it was ice cream over strawberries, topped with an Italian custard... very tasty!

It came to about $40 for each of us, but we stayed for hours and ate more than any normal human beings because that's what we do together... 6 dishes, desserts, and 4 glasses of wine for $80 isn't bad at all. While I love the food, the place always seems pretty empty, and the normal prices are just a bit steep... again, I want to give it 3.5 stars, but ya'll must try the squash!!!
