vUDqNV3RhI3FmZRwS7039g Since my husband was out of town for Thanksgiving and because I don't like turkey or most other Thankgiving food, a girlfriend and I decided to go out to dinner for Thankgiving. We chose Bobby's because it was one of the few places we found that in addition to a special Thanksgiving menu, they were also offering their regular menu. Apparently quite a few other people had the same idea as us because when we arrived for our 4 pm reservations, both the downstairs and upstairs had significant crowds.

We were seated upstairs which is the lounge. The lighting was perfect and my friend and I both enjoyed the metal chain curtains that surround the space. The piano player was amazing and set a great tone for the space and our meal. Plus anytime I get to hear good Billy Joel covers, I am happy! Service was good - when we asked a busboy for olive oil as our table didn't have any, he was quick to get it for us and our waitress was very sweet and did a great job despite being double or triple sat.

On to the food...my friend and I both started with the caesar salad which was a good way to start our meal. My only complaint is that it came with anchovies on it - now I have ate many a caesar salad in my day and most places that serve it with anchovies list that they do in the menu, so it was quite a surprise when our salads came out with anchovies since it wasn't stated in the menu. Being one not to complain over something so minor, I picked them off and ate every bite of the salad - I especially like the seasoned croutons. For my dinner, I had the pesto chicken sandwich which was really good. The chicken was perfect and the sandwich was quite thick, so I wasn't able to finish it all. I especially liked how they used mozzarella on the sandwich which I think gave it just that little extra umph to make it really good. My girlfriend enjoyed her scallops that she ordered - she said they were cooked well and were not too chewy at all. For dessert we shared a slice of yellow cake with a cheesecake type filling. DELICIOUS! Despite being a tad full from our dinners, we still managed to eat every bite. Our bill came to $88 before tip (we also each had a glass of wine) which we did not think was bad at all.

If you are in the Kierland area, Bobby's is a nice choice for a meal or even just to stop in to have a drink or two. I would recommend sitting upstairs as I liked the atmosphere up there quite a bit, and if you were downstairs, I think you would just be a bit too separated from the music and ambiance the establishment is trying to project.
