VVeT1XqQYwrB_fbp3efdUg Sincere Apologies, I had high hopes for Matt's Chicago dog. Brought a local Carolina friend and wanted to take them on a tour of some Chicago food staples. While the staff was nice and friendly, the food is a completely different story.

I'm born and raised in the city of Chicago. I grew up with this kind of food and have had the best to the worst in my hometown. But even the worst is still good.

I see that they were really trying to make it authentic, but fell short in so many ways. We ordered an italian beef hot and sweet and dipped. Chicago Dogs, a Polish, a pizza puff, and cheese fries.

We'll start off with the good. The pizza puff. But it's hard to go wrong with something your order in frozen and throw in the deep fryer. It did remind me of childhood and was exactly what it was supposed to be.

And now the bad. Italian beef: sliced way too thick to the point where the beef was a little chewy and dry. The bread didn't hold up well (the ultimate dip test) and the au jus had something off about it. Missing spices and just didn't taste quite right. Chicago is known for its Italian beef and this is by far the worst representation of the glorious sandwich.

The chicago dog: now you would think this would be the best thing on the menu but it was poorly, poorly executed. First off, the bun was slightly stale. A chicago dog needs the bun to be warmed in a steamer to make it soft and chewy. It was also missing celery salt and a pickle spear. The only thing right about this "chicago" dog was the neon green relish, sport peppers, and the poppy seeds on the bun. 

The polish: even worse than the chicago dog. There is a difference between charred and burned. But the point is, chicago polish's are not charred. They're done on a flat top or in hot water. Half of it tasted burned, why even serve that to us?

The cheese fries: one bite each and we threw it away. The fries were ok but tasted old, the orange yellowish substance on top of it? It was separated and chalky. Proper cheese fries in chicago has that oh so delicious liquid cheese. And although that's not any closer to being real cheese its still delicious and is how it has been and always will be.

My recommendation, send your cooks to Chicago on a food tour of the items claiming to be served. Have them observe how its done and how it should taste. If you need recommendations, I would be happy to provide.

I'm not a fan of Yelp, but needed an outlet for this epic Chicago food Fail. Again I mean no harm or have any ill will toward the owners, it's just the food did not live up to the name.
