vWnCZVeggUGMd_cXlBohwQ Came here on a recommendation in my search for a pie which would satisfy my inner Chicagoan. Walked into the restaurant and was told that we could sit anywhere... alright, so far so good. Place looks clean, dimly-lit with a few games on, bar and seating look roomy enough, service was friendly... this could work. 

So we sat and looked over the menu. The options for pizza were thin, double-dough, and pan pizza. No deep-dish or Chicago-style option (note:  some people might think that 'deep dish' and 'Chicago-style' are synonymous, but this isn't truly the case... "deep dish" is usually what people THINK Chicago pizza is like, but often falls short of the mark in one way or another). So I asked the server and she said that the pan pizza was deep-dish. So we ordered a large meat pan pizza and a smaller thin-crust with sausage and mushrooms for my padré. Took a little while to come out but that's never a problem for me- I'll wait patiently for food. No stars off for that. The service was friendly and attentive, and our drinks never got below halfway full.

So the pizzas came out, and a frown darkened my brow.

Looking at our 'pan' pizza, I couldn't help but notice the colossal wall of crust surrounding it. It honestly looked like a regular pizza with a very large retaining wall of crust around the edges. That is most assuredly *NOT* Chicago-style, nor is it even deep-dish. A proper Chicago pizza should have a soft, tasty dough bottom, Then a layer of delicious cheese, THEN a layer of topping, and THEN a layer of tomato sauce (which should be thick and heavy, NOT lumpy and water!!!). This honestly just looked like something that you would have ordered from XYZ chain delivery with a wall built around it. Me dad's thin-crust looked about like a thin-crust pizza could be expected to look... but... it looked 'sad', if that makes any sense...?

Taking a few bites of my pizza, I was not impressed. Not at all. I was quite angry.

As Larry David would say:  I was preeeeettyyyyy, preeeettyyyyy, prettyyyyy, pretty upset.

I can't say that the pizza tasted TERRIBLE, so I can't give this place one star, and I'm sure that there are people who will come here and enjoy it just fine. It tasted like a pizza, but it was most assuredly *NOT* a Chicago pizza. And it wasn't nearly as good as any of the pizzas which I've gotten delivered from Rosati's Val Vista location. I've ALWAYS been very happy with those pizzas, even their thin-crust has knocked my socks off. This visit, however, left me extremely unhappy. Disillusioned, one might say. I've come to accept the fact that I can't find a good Chicago pizza out here in the Valley, and I've learned to love a new pie in a different way. But someone directly messaged me and told me to try this place out, so I had pretty high hopes. Once again, I have walked away a sad, sad man. I took half of it home, but honestly I won't eat a bite of it.
