VwZhwflLnTq19aAeFLJHCQ My boyfriend and I were looking for a local place to go and have a nice, light, fun lunch. We remembered driving by Bernard's Bistro a few times and wanting to try it out. We finally got the chance to go in today, and I have to say it was pretty great!
 
The ambiance of the place what that of fine dining (we did not expect this and walked in with jeans and sneakers). The waiting staff was dressed in button-up shirts and there was calming music playing in the background. Their walls are covered in artwork, and they have a pretty decked out bar off to one side of the restaurant. The prices, however, are very reasonable considering the atmosphere.
 
We started off with our drinks - they actually have a wide selection of hot teas which I was pretty excited about. They also seem to have had a good selection of wines, but we did not have any offered to us. Not sure if that has to do with us looking young for our age or they just forgot, but it didn't matter too much to us at the time as we weren't really in the mood for it anyway. They also served complimentary, WARM bread! So comforting!
 
We then had the soup of the day, which was Chicken and Rice. It sounds bland but it honestly was super delicious. I honestly cold have had a whole meal's worth of this soup and been super satisfied. I'll definitely be having this again.
 
We ordered the Bufala Mozarella Caprese for our appetizer, which was good, but not up to our expectations. I would have preferred the portions been a little smaller and that they used actual balsamic vinegar versus their sauce-like alternative, but we still packed the leftovers to bring home with us.
 
We were starting to get pretty full by the time our main course came out. I would like to note the wait time between the courses was a bit long, so this may have contributed to us getting this way, but the preparations were lovely and the waitress acknowledged the time without us saying anything and said she just wanted us to enjoy each course.
 
For our main dishes, I ordered the Panini San Remo Italian Sandwich with the House salad and my boyfriend ordered the Chicken Caesar Wrap with the Potato Salad. The sandwiches were split in halves so we were able to trade halves with each other. I have no complaints about either of these courses. They were both super good, and my boyfriend must have fallen in love with that wrap. He went on and on about how great it was, and I have to agree with him.
 
We were debating on dessert because of how full we have gotten at this point (we barely got through our sandwiches and got them wrapped to go), but when the waitress mentioned their Blueberry Crumbled Cheesecake.. we couldn't say no. We ordered the cheesecake and then some Crème Brule. The cheesecake was just the perfect amount of tart and richness. The Crème Brule was good but it was thicker than what I was used to. Each dessert was served next to some whipped cream and strawberries, which was a nice touch.
 
We will definitely be coming back to Bernard's for lunch in the future, and we are very interested to try out their dinner menu. You definitely get the fine dining experience without the fine dining price. Very impressed :)
