VxgjMl8tQrT4idJW_z8daA We ate here recently, I won't tell you the exact date, in case this review gets back to Steve, our waiter.   But I will say, we eat at Carrabas probably 10 times a month. It is one of our favorite restaurants. On this visit,  we were ordering. I Ordered my usual salad. Steve asks me if I want to add blue cheese and I say "Sure" then I say, "I have never been asked that before, is that something new?" To which Steve says, "no, I always ask everybody if they want blue cheese" and I said "Oh" so I said "Sure, I will add blue cheese" then he proceeds with my  husband's salad and asks if he wants blue cheese, my husband said "no".  Another wait staff member walks by.. Steve, in a proud like manner says "Hey! Who adds on the most blue cheese here?"  The waitress said "You do Steve" not missing a beat or a step and just kept walking. So, I said to Steve, " Why is it such a proud accomplishment to be the highest ranking blue cheese giver at Carrabas, is there an up charge for it or something?"  To which Steve replied "Yes, but it's only $2. And you get a nice big chuck of blue cheese". And then I said "Well, you didn't mention the $2 up charge Steve." And he said  (in a gentlemanly cocky and arrogant way) "I said would you like to "ADD" blue cheese, that's how I do it" and I said "You are a rat, I don't want the blue cheese".   So moral of my story, In MY PROSPECTIVE or PERCEPTION, whatever you wanna call it, Steve is a scammer.  And the only reason he is top blue cheese sales guy is his ability to "fake" people into thinking he is just adding a nice chunk of blue cheese on their salad. I guarantee you that if he told customers clearly, up front about the $2 up charge, half of the customers would decline the add on.  Most customers probably don't even realize the up charge on their bill, or if they do, then Steve just says, "I said " ADD" then the customer feels stupid and Stevo wins!!!!! You better believe when our bill came, I looked it over, not for the blue cheese ADD ON, but for anything scammer like.  If he feels proud and like he's the pro at getting people to buy something they are not aware of, I don't trust him as far as I could throw him.... Moral of the story; a chunk  of blue cheese on your salad is $2 out of the pocket.  Just so you know .
