4IXTkqYmAO4XH4nXnwc67w I'm still here!

4.5 stars.  (Initially wanted to give 5 stars, but an incident happened soon after I sat down, which I won't mention here, but if you're interested in finding out what, just PM me!)

Came in for dinner and found a group of people standing around the bar area.  Waiting to be seated, I finally made eye contact w/ the 
group, which led to someone asking me if I was there for the art event.  I quickly said no and scanned the layout for posts regarding the art event, and there it was-- "Meet the Artist, 5p-6p, wine and apps served."  Before seating myself, I asked if I could still take advantage of the event and was told a resounding "Yes!"  Cool!

Wine was offered quickly (white Torrontes, red Montepulciano D' Abruzzo).  Server Tess told me about the white selection, but was going to get back to me about the red, which they were "changing out" at the moment.  Someone (Chef Fabian?) must've alerted her to my choice of red on my last visit, bec. Tess came back w/ a half-glass of the red.  Didn't like it though, so I asked to try the white and found it satisfactory, so she promptly brought me a half-glass of it.  (I am currently sipping on my THIRD half-glass!  LOL.)  Apps, which I was told was going to be bruschetta, took awhile to come out [around 545p, actually, and AFTER the comp table bread and JUST BEFORE I received my ribeye steak salad entree ($13), which, for the most part, looked good (the meat slices didn't look that particularly attractive) and, more importantly, tasted good, as well!  The salad is comprised of 6 oz. of ribeye, organic mixed greens, artichokes, chopped asparagus, and feta cheese.]  The delivered app was actually a rectangular slice of the Semolina crust Margherita, which had a really nice crunch and flavor for a red-sauced pizza!  

I agree w/ the two recent reviewers that the balsamic vinegar is a bit too vinegary, but I just asked for butter instead, and that solved that issue for me, although I know that might not be satisfactory to those who are looking for a healthier alternative to butter...

Still vacillating on whether or not I'm to try tonight's dessert specials of Bread pudding (w/ bourbon sauce) or Hazelnut chocolate pot de creme, but I can't say that I haven't had a great time dining here, tonight!
