4KmrrhtfnngTVFa2d5LAjg Just after a show, probably 10:00 pm, I hoped for the best. I walked up to the Allegro greeter's station during a very quiet week in Vegas, and asked if there was room for a solo, seeing that the front portion and bar of the restaurant looked lively and comfortably full. The first question was "are you staying with us?" (meaning the Wynn/Encore) Thankfully (I thought) I was, and was asked for my room number, name and food allergies. Interesting! I was immediately shown to a table near the back (which I appreciated, giving me a great view). I was the only solo at a table but I also didn't feel like others were inconvenienced by a solo taking a table for two. (Solos have a lot of time to think ...) 

I was greeted and served by a charming young man whose English I didn't quite understand but whose french-like accent managed to get his message across even if I had to ask him to repeat. As I had already read the menu out in the casino space, I didn't take much time to decide on my order. He picked up on my quick dispense of the menus and offered to take my order. I ordered veal Marsala and was stunned to find it delivered what seemed like minutes later. Meantime I was offered a white bean hummus and selection of breads/flatbreads which were spectacular. I've since read that many share my enthusiasm for this hummus. The speed in which my order arrived made me suspicious however I will (after tasting, prodding, looking at the kitchen which is semi-transparent in that you can see the expediters working) say that if well prepared, my dish was put together with organized speed. The demi-glace that was my Marsala was tasty if not a little too shiny, and the mushrooms (piopinni?) delicious. The veal was fork tender. This dish does not come with accompaniment so it is very brown. A diner seated next-table asked about it and lamented he didn't order it instead of his pizza. 

I didn't look at the dessert menu because I was satisfied with my meal, but expect it have to been excellent. 

I saw a few tables of more than 10 so know they accommodate bigger parties.
