w3PwDEbI0EDx4YI_BkFhIA We dined at Portofino's on Park Rd this weekend- the third time I have eaten at this location. We are huge fan of the Portofinos on Eastway - but for some reason, this location has not been good for us.   

To start with, we selected a bottle of red (Portofino Ripasso) which was very enjoyable.  Sadly, the rest of our meal wasn't as good as our wine.  We both selected from the specials of the day which came with a house salad and bread.  It took quite a while for our entrees to arrive, and when they finally did, I eagerly cut into my chicken dish and was dismayed to find ham (before ordering, I had told our server that I did not eat beef or pork, yet he neglected to tell me that the special I had selected was prepared with pork). In any case, they were kind enough to take back this entree and let me make another selection. I selected one of the fish specials.

But sadly, by the time it arrived I was no longer hungry so they boxed it for me to take home. I ate it the next day for lunch and while the fish had a nice flavor (it was a bronzini sauteed with mushrooms, capers, and cherry tomatoes ), since it was a whole fish rather than a fillet, it was filled with bones to the point that it was not enjoyable to eat.  Also, it was served with a side of garlic pasta which was dripping in olive oil. (I love olive oil, but this was to the point of excess!!)  In any case,  I would not recommend this dish to anyone! 

My boyfriend selected the other fish special of the day and he fared much better than I did. His seabass (which was a fillet rather than a whole fish) was perfectly cooked and served on top of a bed of risotto with a stuffed portobella mushroom cap on the side.  

Since we had the mishap with my entree, they offered us a complimentary dessert with coffee. We selected the tiramsu. It was ok but they were skimpy on the marscapone and tried to cover it up  with gobs of whipped cream and chocolate syrup.

All in all, this meal was a huge disappointment given that we dropped over $100 (for 2 entrees, no appetizer, a bottle of wine, plus tip).  We probably would have been much happier if we had just ordered the wine and a pizza!

However, I must say that my experiences at the Eastway Drive location have been much better - the food is better and overall the service is much better (even though I don't particularly like that area of town -especially at night).
