WKlMFUCGI7dCysGkFLWvaQ Recently had dinner here celebrating  a friend's birthday with a group of 8 on a Saturday night.  The last time I was in this building it was Le Pommier and the current space still retains the charm that of the now-departed French restaurant.  Overall our dinner was good.  I started off with a nice cocktail, the "Smokey Snap" made with Art in the Ages Snap, a spirit so cool you can't even figure out what it is on it's website.  Another diner at the table liked her Salty Italian (vodka, Aperol, grapefruit bitters, blood orange soda) which has also been complimented in other Yelp reviews.

The dinner menu's split into 6 sections (2 different Antipasti sections, Brushcette, salad, pasta, and entrees).  You might be tempted to get one of each.  Unless you have a stomach like one of those hotdog eating champions, don't.  The portions are HUGE.  For example, one of the made to order mozzarella could feed a family of 6.  Likewise, the chicken liver mousse, while although tasty was also monstrous and we would have needed a lot more crostini if we were so inclined to gluttonously attempt to each the entire thing.

For an entree I had the wild boar which is always kind of a fun thing to see on menus.  Served with polenta, braised greens, and horseradish, it was pretty good, but nothing special and also huge.

The wine selection was mainly Italian and reasonably priced.  I was excited to find a delicious powerful Sangratino (about as tannic as you can get) on the menu.

There were a few service missteps.  One of our diners ordered a Jack Daniels with a side of Diet Coke.  They brought him a shot of Jack with a glass of Diet Coke on the side without any ice.  That was a strange occurrence that I hadn't seen before.  Who ever wants a Diet Coke without ice unless they specifically ask for it?  The main problem was that overall our service was extremely slow.  It took forever for the waitress to take our order and for things to come out of the kitchen.  Our dinner of only 2 courses took 3.5 hours, which meant that we were cutting it close with our babysitter.  As this was my only visit to Stagioni, I'm not sure if they're always this slow or not, but it didn't seem very crowded on the night we were there.

Overall, Stagioni serves good (but not great)  Italian food with very slow service.  The portions are unnecessarily gigantic.  This limits how much of the menu you can try (unless you want to waste a lot of food).  I definitely would have liked it more if the service was faster and the portions were smaller, allowing diners to put together a multi-course menu.
