WNnkyVvBfY1vTqiqSufZQA Would you rather treat your eyes or treat your taste buds?

Everything in Cibo midtown was so beautiful. The interior decor, the 2-storey wine cellar, the food presentation, all were eye candies. But I starved my taste buds during dinner. I was very disappointed that the food we ordered were meh.

Ambiance:
I love the interior design here. The front of the restaurant was bright with panels of window facing Yonge Street. Their wine cellar upon the entrance amazed me the most. You could see all the bottles through the glass. The wine lady put on a sling and hung herself in mid-air to retrieve the wine. It was so much fun to watch and wave at her. You could see the open kitchen at the back and saw the chefs making pasta, kneading pizza dough, and putting the pizzas in the fire oven. We sat at the booth in the middle and the seats were very comfortable.

Food:
The waitress brought us warm bread and hot peppers to start. The bread was soft and topped with rosemary. The olives were a bit too salty for me.

We ordered Carpaccio for the antipasto. I was quite disappointed. The raw beef was pretty bland. I felt it wasn't dressed well enough with the olive oil and lemon juice.

My San Matteo Pizza was quite disappointing as well. The pizza was thin but the crust risen quite a bit. I couldn't taste the freshness of the mozzarella and the spicy Italian sausage wasn't spicy enough. Luckily there was the jar of hot peppers for the bread. I definitely have had better pizza at other places.

Gigli fresh pasta with cherry tomato, zucchini, bocconcini, black olives, prosciutto, basil, extra-virgin olive oil was good. Pasta was fresh and al dante. The vegetables were very fresh and went very well with the prosciutto.

If you want fresh pasta instead of dry pasta, they offered substitution for a small price.


It was too bad that the food had no WOW factor. I felt Terroni, OVEST, Enoteca Sociale have way better Italian food for around the same price. For cheaper food, I would recommend Levetto. May be next time I will focus on the list of wine they offer.
