wNXw53wmePcf_V3rF18LUg I went here with a friend and we had the worst experience ever. This has nothing to do with the service-- our server  was great!! Fantastic service from our server and the other staff who made sure my water glass was never empty and timed our food to come out at just the right time.

We had three items from the menu-- baked brie in phyllo pastry (tasty but not enough greens in our opinion, since it is listed as a salad), the Nico pasta dish and the Bosco. 

Our troubles all started with the Bosco dish. My friend is health conscious, so he asked for "No extra salt please". Brie starter came and went, fine, then came the mains. I had the Nico and was quite happy with it. It was exactly what I wanted-- the perfect blend of beefiness, mushrooms and sauce. I was very pleased with it. My friend, on the other hand, was unhappy with the Bosco but wasn't going to say anything. We both agreed it tasted like nothing more than butter on noodles with some mushrooms thrown in. I personally think that if I like a restaurant, then I owe it to them to tell them when something isn't quite right, rather than go home, sulk about it, then never go back (which most people do). I flagged down the waiter and told him that we both didn't like my friend's dish. BIG MISTAKE. I wish we'd just paid and left and never gone back.

The server was very accommodating and kind. He asked us what he could do to fix it. We asked for the menu back to choose something different, and he took away the offending Bosco. While we were deliberating, a man that we can only assume is the owner or manager came over and tried to forcefully talk to us into realizing that it is our own fault for not liking the dish, since surely it was because my friend had asked for no extra salt. "No, I'm not blaming you, it's just that I have to justify my kitchen" (in other words, he was absolutely blaming us for not liking the dish). Even though we felt the salt level was appropriate, somehow it was supposedly our fault that we didn't like the Bosco dish. He explained that there is no reason the sauce should taste like butter, since they use 35% cream in the sauce (in other words, whipping cream. The same cream used to make butter). 

For the record, let me point out that once, I had 35% cream in my own fridge, which I left there half empty and forgot about. After a week or two-- it turned very buttery looking. I'm wondering if this is just a case of the cream being left out for too long, hence the buttery taste.

Coincidentally, my friend later reported that he was very nauseous and vomited through the night. I am wondering if there is a connection.

We found the interaction with the manager/owner very upsetting. If you ever find yourself there and don't like the food-- just fake a previous sporting injury flare up and LEAVE STAT (then eat somewhere else instead-- don't look back).
