wp5FAtCGMyU2RnQ-7kxKHQ We live in the neighborhood, so we are happy to see that a restaurant has sustained business for so long in this location and has very good food. We've always been a fan, but the last couple of times have been quite disappointing. The first time I noticed the service was not the same was a couple of months ago. I asked the server about an offer on Yelp, she said she would find out, and never came up with an answer. She mixed up several things we ordered and was not as knowledgable on the menu as one would expect. At first she seemed very annoyed with us, but toward the end for some reason she changed her tune and was pleasant. 

The most recent time we were disappointed actually upset a whole group of our friends. 

A smaller group met first for dinner, then later another handful of friends met everyone for drinks and to watch a basketball game. I asked what a specific drink was on the menu and neither of the bartenders knew what the drink was or what the ingredients were to it. So instead of making them flustered, I just ordered something else. 

What really set us off was this. My husband ordered a beer and when the bartender opened it she said to him "it's warm" and handed it to him. He said that since she already opened it he was going to drink it. A man came over to him and said not to worry that he wouldn't be charged for the next one. When my husband ordered another beer, the man charged him for it and when my husband asked about it the man replied "well you drank the first one". Understand, but he said said we weren't going to be charged for the next. 

Also, throughout the night there were about 20-25 people with our group. I would think that an establishment would be happy that many people were bringing money in. The bartenders seemed to be very irritated with us the whole night. Very cold, not attentive, and at some times quite rude. 

We really like the food here, but if the service continues to be this way when we go, we will find elsewhere to spend our money.
