wp5FAtCGMyU2RnQ-7kxKHQ Roman Bistro is a welcome addition to Ardmore Blvd. I am happy to see more small businesses and coffee shops opening in Forest Hills.  

I am conflicted about writing RB's review because each time that I have gone, I have had a completely different dining experience.  As a result, I'm giving it a "middle of the road" three stars.  Here's a brief summation of my trips.  They can be broken down to four types. 

CASUAL PENS GAME
RB has several game-day specials like half price wings (5$ for a half dozen jumbo wings and bread), $2 Miller Lights (meh.), and select discounts on drafts/wine.  Their wings are really good and huge to boot. RB has 33 drafts and more in their bottle shop.  Definitely a fun place to catch the game, but I've gotten a listless vibe from the bartenders on more than one occasion.

ROMANTIC-TYPE DINNER WITH BOYFRIEND
Boyfriend and I used a coupon for a nice dinner one Friday evening.  Our waiter (this time) was very friendly, if slightly overwhelmed by the demands of his many tables.  For an appetizer, we ordered the Antipasto Plate with 'artisan cheeses and meats."  This couldn't be farther from the truth.  It looked and tasted like someone dumped their Giant Eagle deli selections on a plate.  Avoid.  The calamari with aioli was really delicious, however.  We also shared a bottle of red wine from their extensive wine list.  For entrees, I chose the lobster ravioli and boyfriend had the seafood special of they day.  We both enjoyed our meals but 1. they took a long time to get to us.  We were thinking of complaining when they finally arrived.  2. entrees are a la carte and I think for the price soup and/or salad would be appropriate inclusions. 

BOTTLE SHOP
I've frequented their bottle shop for beers as it's a convenient walk from where I live.  The prices are very reasonable (a bit cheaper than D's), but sometimes I stood at the bar forever until someone helped me with my purchase.  

BRUNCH
Only been once but aside from a few a la carte options, they also have an all you can eat brunch. A really tasty Sunday treat! 

I go here often enough that I will amend my rating if the waitstaff becomes more consistent. Overall, service is really polar.  Roman Bistro has some fantastic staff who are friendly and knowledgeable.  But some of the others remind me of disaffected youth forced to do community service after committing a minor crime. I will be happy to give this place four stars after a few more positive dining experiences!
