4KYnY1nNTaD7vb3Eo1G3Hw I have ordered from this location on numerous occasions for work lunches. I had started to get bad experiences such as employees arguing with me over not wanting to order extra meat on my pizza, getting the order wrong, and even having it delivered to a different location. Yesterday was the first time in a long while I ordered from them and it was because my manager really wanted it. I ordered online as I usually do. This time the ordering was very annoying because it kept adding crazy quantities and changing the sizes when I would go to check out. On a side note, the offer for two mediums at $6.99 each is still offered on the menu but when you try to order it it states that the location doesn't honor that coupon. I've tried at home and work which are across town and neither accept it. Why have it offered if it won't be honored at any location? Anyway, I ordered what I thought was two medium pizzas. When the pizzas came I was sure they had gotten something wrong because it looked like I had gotten a small pizza and a medium. That would have been only one wrong size. When I looked at the receipt I realized that I had actually needed one medium and a large because of the way the ordering kept changing at checkout. So what I thought was small was the medium were actually what they considered a medium and large now. I tried calling the store and was put on hold. After 8 mins I hung up. I called back once I took the pizza back for everyone and was again on hold for over 10 mins before hanging up and just leaving a comment on their site. I took a picture of the small plates we were using so a comparison could be seen. I spent $35 dollars for these two pizzas! I am so upset that these could be passed off as acceptable. The only reason I gave two stars is because the pizza itself was done correctly and was decent tasting. The delivery person was polite. But once again they never have peppers or cheese on hand. I'll post the pictures. If you are in this area try Mama DePalmas.
