WPV0ucYjnb2HOrNxSopv6A Came here on a Saturday night and was surprised at how slow it was. Must of been because of Restaurant Week. We didn't have trouble at all with parking. We were greeted by a friendly hostess who sat us right away. I was here with a party of 4.

 We got 12 garlic knots and was so surprised at how large the knots were. Huge! Like fist size. They were drizzled with garlic and butter. It was honestly one of the best garlic knots that I have ever had! Marinara sauce that came with it was delicious. You can tell it was homemade which I like! We also got the chili cheese dip. It came tortilla chips. It was a large portion. Had onions and sour cream on top too! If we would of known how large the garlic knots were, we definitely wouldn't of gotten this. 

We ended up getting two large pizzas. One was half elizabeth (supreme) and half meat. The other was half chicken buffalo and half chicken pesto. They were all good!! My favorite was the meat. We also took out the italian sausage and subbed it with meatball and I'm glad we made that decision. Their meatball is so tender and flavorful. Both pizzas had a lot of toppings on it. You couldn't barely see a spot of cheese on it. Pizzas had the right amount of crusts too! 

I knocked down one star because our server wasn't that attentive. I asked for a sweet tea and there were maybe 4 ice cubes in it. It was so hot I had to ask for a glass of ice. The guys got beers that were on special and they were not discounted on the check so we had to ask for the discount. We asked for more chips because we had so much dip left and she never brought it out. We had to ask for it again and that was towards the end of our meal. We wanted boxes for our pizza and garlic knots and she only boxed the pizzas. We had to ask her to box our garlic knots, it's not like there was 1 left, there were 5 left. She didn't ask us how we wanted the checks and just assumed it was 1 ticket. We told her that it was separate (there were only 4 of us so it would only be 2 checks, one for each couple). Then she told us that she was gonna just split it completely in half. We asked her if we could split it by what we paid for because some people got drinks and some didn't and the pizzas were a different price as well as the appetizers. She made it seem like it was a chore for us but to me that's pretty standard.
