WpZkK951tqHONywmKLmhQw We got there right at 4 because that's what time yelp said they opened. They really open at 11:00 am. That was hardly the only thing that the yelp site got wrong! This place was great. It was busy, yes, but that's only to be expected on a weekend. We sat out on the patio. It was a little too warm, but later in the fall it will be more pleasant. 
Our server was Josh and he was perfect! Friendly and helpful. Made sure to warn us that the pan pizza takes up to an hour, which is to be expected of any good Chicago style pizza. When our drinks were taking a few extra minutes, he explained that it was because the bartender hand squeezes the grapefruit juice for the Greyhounds to order. You can really taste the difference too. All four of us got entrees and asked to have the pizza brought out whenever it was ready. It was hard to save room!
I got the chicken Caesar salad. You can get it in two sizes, big and bigger. I got the big and ate about a forth of it. It was beautifully seasoned, as was everything. I can only imagine that people complaining about things being too salty either meant spicy, or they are used to a low sodium diet. The chicken on my salad was a little spicy, but it was fine once you mixed it in. 
Hubby had the Italian sausage sandwich and declared that he would never order anything else. Daughter had the shrimp scampi and was in heaven. Son ordered the pasta bowl and said it wasn't as good as my homemade sauce, but still really good. 
Then the pizza came. 
And the angels sang. 
It was to die for and totally worth the 45 minutes it took to bake a pound of cheese and pepperoni. Not greasy at all. Good sauce with lots of oregano (of course) and a perfect crust. We got the 10 inch. The 12 inch might have fed all four of us without entrees, but we like to try lots of things at a new place. Needless to say, we've got leftovers for a few days. 
Any new restaurant has its bumps and hiccups the first few weeks of service. It's to be expected. They've been open for about a month now, and they certainly seem to have their act together now! Service was timely, everyone was friendly and worked well together. Ceiling fans on the patio might be a nice improvement, but that's all I can criticize. The manager Amanda even came by to check on us. I'm very pleased with our whole experience and am very excited to have such a great spot within walking distance of my home. Looking forward to cooler weather when my hubby and I can just walk over for cocktails and maybe a snack in the afternoon. Or maybe just send the kids over to pick up a pizza to bring home. Good work!
