wQMw6kc24uUQqqUGxe3Ztg I don't know much about Italian cuisine (even though I took a cooking class years ago in Florence, I'm blaming the wine for my lack of retention), but I do know when a server says our special tonight is _____, you stop him/her right there and order it. Case in point, a delicious pasta dish with a light tomato sauce, some veg and a spicy Italian sausage. The flavors blended together so nicely, and I felt the proportion of sauce to protein to pasta was spot on. Sometimes places will amp up the noodles because it's the cheapest component on the plate, but not the great folks at Baldini. 

And great they were! Incredibly nice, very attentive, great at making a tasty red recommendation to sip with my eats, and quick to notice when I needed more water or bread (bread + olive oil = yum). 

I think my favourite part of the experience was the seating situation. It's really intimate inside (like most Leslieville jaunts I've noticed) which makes for a super close evening with friends. I was alone, but a table of hilarious men sat adjacent to me (almost with me) to celebrate one of their bud's birthdays. I didn't catch that gent's name but they made him wear a tiara that said Princess, so he'll forever be known to me as Princess. 

Get this, not that I was eavesdropping (give me a break the tables are close!), but I overheard Princess tell the other dudes about this section of the subway that has yet to be completed. Right now it's just a desolate underground abyss waiting for someone to pour more money into it to complete the line. I was super curious about where this station is located. Can you imagine heading down their for an event? Some sort of underground music/dining deal where only those in the know, know?  

All in all a great evening out. I suggest grabbing an appetizer instead of saving room for dessert. Nothing on the menu sounded too interesting to me the night I was there, and the sweet I ordered (couldn't even tell you what it was) was overshadowed by the tasty bread and olive oil and delectable pasta special!
