wTjvgkUJMVWrYed9mXdQjg Driving over 2300 miles in three days wears. It also wears when you have your father in the car and in order to have a conversation, you have to constantly repeat yourself because he refuses to admit he needs to get hearing aids.

Phoenix was our last stop before home: Los Angeles. I was determined to treat ourselves, since New Orleans and the McDonald's in Fort Stockton were terrible disappointments, so I picked North Italia. I'm not even one for Italian food, to be honest. Why should I pay $15 for a tomato smashed into a pasta, made of flour and eggs? I mean, seriously. Not that hard, not terribly flavorful.

Until, of course, I found this place. There was one instance where I actually liked italian food, and it was at Michael Chiarello's restaurant up in Yountville, where you have to secure a reservation two months early along with the Keller restaurant group.

Obviously, I'm going to start with a drink. I believe it was called the Julietta, a vodka, elderflower, and prosecco mixed drink that came with a pretty flower as a garnish. It became my new favorite in all the ones I've had between the pacific and east coast. Yelp told me to get the zucca chips, so I did, because I am a sheep. Baaah. That's sheep for, "You should get it. They're flash fried zucchini chips that taste like a slightly salty cloud, and are the perfect appetizer that won't fill you up before your meal."

Deciding on an entree was difficult. You see, the short rib and ricotta gnocchi looked good but - let's be real here - gnocchi is one of the easiest pastas to screw up. I went to a michelin star rated restaurant and ordered gnocchi thinking, "How could they?" and ended up getting an answer. So my expectations were certainly low. Instead, I was given pillowy pasta, with deep hints of ricotta, and some of the most amazing braised short rib I've ever had. Anywhere else usually makes their short rib saltier than the lick the cows get as a treat - but this, oh no. This was heaven. I could taste the beef in this spectacular sauce, and it was so good and simple. Never underestimate the power of simplicity. Good lord.

My dad had the strozzapretti, which I was not expecting to be good for some reason. I don't know, I have a crazy relationship with pasta. They hand-make it all in house, and just like the gnocchi, I felt as if I could eat it forever. Chicken, mushroom, fresh al dente pasta in a parmesan cream sauce. Amazing.

For dessert we had italian donuts with a vanilla marscapone sauce, and their nutella budino. The budino, topped with toasted hazelnuts, was great, but my favorite were the donuts. Airy things, dusted with granulated sugar and swept up with sauce, were the perfect way to end the evening. I was humbled, to be honest, and actually contemplated coming back out there with my boyfriend just to take him to the restaurant. It's still up for consideration, actually.

Make a reservation well in advance, I have a feeling this place isn't going to have slow nights anytime soon.
