wTjvgkUJMVWrYed9mXdQjg Finally got a chance to hit up North in Arcadia last night. Nice addition to the area, fits right in with all of the other great places in the neighborhood. Met some other couples for drinks and dinner. Like most people who grew up here, obv not a fan of mandatory valet but oh well. Walking in, you're definitely struck by the amazing decor and it's certainly the highlight of this location. Big, open spaces, beautiful Italian farmhouse converted to a restaurant. Really stunning.

Sat at the bar for a while, it was packed and service was not as prompt as I'd like which was kind of a running theme for the rest of the night. Not a huge fan of the plaid shirts worn by the servers. They didn't really stand out and were hard to distinguish from the patrons sometimes. Finally, when we were moved to our table we just carried our drinks and a bottle of wine over, which I always think is funny when patrons are walking around a restaurant bottle of wine in hand...

Service was ok not great. 4 of the 5 couples in our group had never been to North but we never were given a run down of the restaurant or what is good or any of the normal stuff most servers give you when they first greet you. Never once did our server fill our wine glasses, and they tried to take my wife's dinner plate away before she was finished, and they actually did take mine away without even asking and I wasn't finished. 

Food was very good as you'd expect from a Fox restaurant. Had the Seasonal Vegetable Salad w/ chicken and it was great. Love the farro in it. Also had the prosciutto wrapped chicken, was a little disappointed in it. It was good, but I just expected something amazing I guess and it just seemed pretty standard. I didn't at all like the bed of spinach it was served on. It comes served in a large bowl and the bottom of the bowl was filled with the juice from the chicken and the spinach was just kind of wet and soggy. Seemed like a sloppy presentation.

Definitely would go back. I'm a huge sucker for beautiful spaces and this is one of my favorites in the valley. Everything else was just decent, but that isn't terrible so I'm happy for another good restaurant in the area.
