wTjvgkUJMVWrYed9mXdQjg The Arcadia neighborhood just keeps getting cooler. NoRTH is a Sam Fox restaurant whose concept is different from what you may be familiar with already from the north Scottsdale location. 

Everything from the restaurant's decor (modeled after an Italian farmhouse) to the servers' uniforms (plaid shirts) to the menu (traditional Italian) is completely different from the NoRTH in Scottsdale. Our bartender told us this NoRTH is nicknamed "NoRTH 40," and this new restaurant reflects where Fox is going with the brand, which already has five existing locations throughout the country.

The restaurant is open and airy, with one big, well-lit dining room with an open kitchen and exposed metal beams. The eatery had a good energy to it and was bustling with lots of conversation and alternative music playing in the background. There's a bar connecting the dining room to the patio, with the bar wrapping around the back of the restaurant and featuring television screens on either side. The patio has a picnic vibe to it, with tables set atop a dirt ground and a section of seats one level below the patio for lounging. The patio sort of reminded me of fellow Arcadia spot La Grande Orange's patio, but I didn't like the dirt flooring-it was too minimalist to me, and I felt like it could have been so much prettier, especially considering the high quality of the menu.

That was my general dilemma with NoRTH-while the vibe there is casual, the menu features handmade, downright fancy food-served to you by people who look like they just stepped out of Urban Outfitters. NoRTH was too busy to be considered romantic, but some menu items cost $20 or more, with the pastas and entree dishes ranging from $14-$26. I guess for the affluent people who inhabit the Arcadia neighborhood, NoRTH could be their casual dining destination, though I'm still trying to figure out what type of occasion I would return for dinner.

My favorite part about NoRTH was the food. I am not really into the whole plaid uniform thing (and that's exactly the type of style nearby Postino servers have been rocking long before), and there was nothing compelling about the atmosphere that stood out to me-and this is one patio I'd never request to sit on even though I always prefer to sit outside. That said, the food was delicious, and the cocktails were strong, though I thought the menu was better suited for a classier atmosphere.

Drinkwise, I had the Ducati ($9) a small but powerful drink made with Grappa, Hornitos Anejo Tequila, Solerno Blood Orange and agave. It tasted refreshing but strong, so I made my next Ducati tall with added soda water. If strong drinks aren't your thing, I highly recommend doing this, because the second drink was way better than the first but packed the same punch.

I also tried my companion's "Old Roma" ($9), made with Courvoisier, Cointreau, lemon and mint. This drink was even stronger than my original Ducati, but my pal said he loved it because he also found it refreshing.

He also got a Quiet Italian Gentleman ($10), with Bulleit Rye, Disaronno amaretto, Campari and Carpano Antiqua. This tasted like cough syrup to me, and I could barely take a sip, but he loved it. Just be warned-all their cocktails are amazingly strong and well worth the price for the amount of alcohol you get.

To begin the meal, we had a Grilled Portabella ($8), with arugula and shaved grana padano. This was a wonderful dish, with super-fresh greens and cheese that perfectly complemented the mushroom. It wasn't the most filling appetizer, but it was wonderfully made and tasted great.

For my entree, I got the Agnolotti ($15), pasta made with ricotta, mascarpone, pecorino, grana padano and herb butter. I savored every bite of this pasta that was obviously handmade. I thought it was delicious, and it's great the restaurant had such high-quality ingredients and preparation.

My pal got the Mafaldine ($17), made with spicy rock shrimp, white wine, shaved fennel, tomato, garlic, chili and basil. His dish looked and smelled amazing.

It was hard to beat the tastiness of the main course, but our "Affogato" desserts ($6) did just that. Vanilla gelato was topped with coffee creme and served atop melted chocolate, and I loved every bit of it. This was the first time I've ever had a dessert like this, and it was so yummy.

While I probably wouldn't come back to NoRTH Arcadia for dinner because the ambiance just doesn't jive with the menu to me, I think it's a great lunch option if you're in the area. Their lunch menu includes sandwiches ranging between $9-$11 in addition to the dinner pastas offered, and I bet the restaurant is beautiful during the day because of how much sun comes in.
