wUqqq1nUFA8Fn-3vYYFyWQ Great atmosphere. a great patio for appetizers or drinks. 

lets begin.. 

I'm in the food service industry so I tend to be more harsh and pay more attention to detail so take that into consideration while reading. 

table of eight 

TIMING: 
8-10 minuets for water and bread on the table-to long 
12-15 minutes for first round cocktails and wine -way to long 
15-17 minuets for salads.-again to long 
sampler platter dropped shortly after salads 
28-35 minuets for entrees 
we were "that table" that asked for separate checks and the server was kind enough to express that it wasn't a big hassle and gladly did the extra work for us. quickly and efficiently 
QUALITY: 
salads-plain dinner salads. fresh greens nice dressings probably not homemade 
sampler platter-ravioli was freezer burnt . obviously a purchased product and not homemade. I've used these products in the past and actually like them a lot, as long as you keep an eye on the product and store properly. let them thaw at room temp rather than boiling from a frozen state and you'll see a big difference in end product. the stuffed mushroom were still raw, but the stuffing had good flavor but the entire sampler platter was not at proper serving temperature. putting cold food on a hot plate doesn't make the food hot. 
the spinach salad for entrees was a great portion size, and had good reviews at the table(I personally didn't try it but it did look good.) 

the majority of the table had the personal size pizzas. all were properly cooked great flavor, nice crust and good temperature. Unfortunately there was a mix up on mine and they made the wrong kind. the server pointed this out to me before delivery, served me the mix-up while the kitchen prepared the correct item and at the end of the meal, took care of the issue on the check.(Accountability and owning the mistake is huge to me. This is what will get me back in the door another time.) 

the price point of the meal, drinks, and wine really good. Had a nice $25 bottle of red Zinfandel. 

the pizza deal was close to $10 off regular price and it included a pint. If the got the word out on this deal, I would expect them to be packed on Sundays 

Two stars is low, but I think w/ a little more eye on quality, and teamwork in the service department on larger parties to expediate cocktail service(and ma bey a new bread program-doughy-not properly proofed/baked maybe a day old?) this place has all the potential. I will go back, I love the patio and building, and the food is close to where it should be, but needs little tweaking here and there to make it exceptional.
