wWDQDPuuwQ5kFeT2a72b6Q I am only giving an extra star to bump this up to a 3 star review because it was Christmas Eve and I want to give them the benefit of the doubt.

We did not have a great experience here, but our server was friendly and apologetic, so I will hope it was a one time thing.

We were there at about 8:30 on Christmas Eve, and it was surprisingly busy.  We were sat immediately and approached by our server.  I ordered the house wine - their "honor" system is pretty funny.  I wonder how often people cheat on how many glasses they've had?  Although I am not too sure about having an open bottle of wine, that has been on who knows how many other tables.  I guess I don't trust that weirdos don't put something in the bottle.

My Mom ordered the filet with lobster mashed potatoes.  The meat came out perfectly medium rare, and the asparagus was amazing.  However, the mashed potatoes were extremely dry.  They could've used some cream or something added to them to make them edible.

I ordered the chicken scallopine.  If it weren't for the salad we ordered to share beforehand, I would still probably be hungry.  We waited, and waited and waited for our food.  Our server came and apologized and said it would be out in just a minute.  Then he brought my Mom's food and said that my food would be right out - that they ran out of angel hair pasta. (?) So he decided that I would get fettucini instead.  I am not sure why this decision delayed my meal, but I smiled and continued to wait.  And wait.  My Mom was almost done with her meal when our server brought me some mac 'n cheese bites and apologized again, saying that these were a free snack since my food was taking so long.  He then said that the kitchen had tried to send out a meal with a small piece of chicken, so he sent it back.  Um, okayyyy - but I am hungry and I don't want these mac 'n cheese bites!  Just bring me my damn food (I get grumpy when I am hungry).  It probably took another 15 minutes, and finally my food was brought out.  It didn't even taste like what was described on the menu, or any other chicken scallopine I've had - but there were 2 large chicken breasts, which I was told was extra, because of the wait.  Whatever.

Our server was friendly, although he disappeared for a LONG time while we were eating, and smelled like cigarettes when he got back.  Considering there was an obvious issue with our meal, he didn't even check back.  We were sitting there waiting for a box and the check.  We didn't get out of there until almost 10p -it shouldn't take 2 people that long to dine at Macaroni Grill.  C'mon man!

I've been here before and never had an issue, so I am hoping it was a 1 time thing.  I don't know when I will be back, but it's possible I will give them another try.
