wxzG81ZyWpBje_mU4aFLaw We tried this out last night. We won't be back. 

There is no indication when you walk in that it's a seat-yourself restaurant. We stood like idiots at the hostess area until somone asked us if we needed something. 

We sat ourselves, and then sat and sat and sat because there was no server assigned to us. Perhaps that is a reason to seat patrons, so a server knows they've arrived?

Finally, the hostess asked us if anyone had helped us, and she was very polite and took our order. 

Our drinks came out fairly quickly, but then we waited and waited for our food. This would have been understandable if the placed had been packed, but it wasn't. It was maybe 75% full (7:30 on Saturday) and there seemed to be plenty of servers. There was one large party on the patio.

I ordered the vegetarian salad (can't remember what it was called) that advertised avocado, jicama, beans, and other yummy things. When it arrived, there was a tiny little mushy sliver of avocado perched on top, and no more to be found. It was as if someone scraped up the dregs of an avocado from the rind of an empty one and flung it on my salad. It would have been more forgiveable if they had just forgotten it altogether. Also, the white beans were undercooked. 

The pizzas were good. I ordered the local organic vegetable one without cheese, and it came loaded with summer squash, roasted carrots, olives (local? Hmm...), leeks, roasted onions, and the crust was thin and crispy. My husband also enjoyed his pizza. 

I should actually grant an additional half star to the hostess/waitress, who comped my salad when I complained about it. I was willing to pay for it, but she offered to take it off the bill. 

The final nail in the coffin was perhaps not the fault of the restaurant, but the large party out on the patio had 3-4 elementary-age kids literally running laps through the restaurant for the first 15-20 minutes we were there. If ignorant parents are content to let their hellions ruin other diners' experiences, then I'm afraid it's left to the restaruant to politely and discreetely ask the parents to please reign them in. No such luck. 

Anyway, this place has some things to work on. Fortunately for us, there are too many other great businesses nearby for us to give it a second chance.
