wygqdsRpyEWUtZL-biMsgw The Venue Bistro is a great place!! My husband and I went there on a rainy Friday night and one of the first things I noticed was an amazing patio area with an awesome fireplace. What a bummer it was raining though, right?? Nope not at The Venue Bistro...part of the patio is covered so there were still people able to sit outside and enjoy the evening, the fire and the cool weather. The inside of the building has a variety of seating options, they have comfy, quaint areas with couches designed for those who just want to come and have some drinks and small plates, there's a section with dining tables for those of us who want to eat a full meal then there is a huge banquet area for all your major events and celebrations!! The space is really big. The evening we went there was live music which was a nice touch again for people who are just hanging out and want to have a chill relaxed evening. Now let me talk about the most important part...THE FOOD! Don't let the smaller menu fool you, the food is amazing!! It is fresh and perfectly executed. The small plates are the perfect size to share but the entree blew my mind. My husband has a pasta dish, fresh pasta I might add,  which was so amazing I kept stealing bites from his plate. Now I had the special...a pork chop with asparagus and mashed potatoes. Uh pork chop?? Yeah I don't normally get excited over a pork chop but I seriously could have cuddles up in front of a fire with this pork chop. It's was absolutely mouth watering and amazing. It had an amazing glaze on it and was cooked perfectly. We also shared a bottle of wine, which their wine selection is pretty awesome too and I love wine so I was very happy with the options. We also had a trio of cheesecake which all three were amazing but if they have the peanut butter one when you go guy one to eat there and to take home because later in the night you're gonna want another piece. The service was also amazing. Water glasses were always filled and my wine glass always had wine in it. The General Manager even stopped at our table to see how everything was!! We were impressed. We don't live in the area, we were in town visiting family :) and tried out The Venue Bistro and were 100% satisfied. Next time we are in the area we will definitely go again!!! Well Done Venue Bistro!!
