x-ZnHkRIhpGwZ_7VwiKlRg I didn't eat here today. I ate at another joint which claims to offer pizza di Napoli. It doesn't compare. Instead of writing bad reviews about those "other places", I decided to impart my 7 years worth of dining experience at crostatas to you. 

A little bit of background: my SO was born in Rome, Italy. My father in law and the whole family is from Napoli, Italy. We've been given plenty lectures on what makes a real authentic Neapolitan pizza. And roman cuisine in general.

I saw a few previous not-so-happy yelp reviews. Let me tell you. Here's what to order for two people:

For your protein and vegetable, get either
1. INSALATA BISTECCA: salty & sour, lean
it's a big plate, with lots of arugula, well seasoned with lemon and salt. The beef is tender, very reasonable portion for two, not greasy at all. Occasionally this dish would come out a bit too salty for me. If you are sensitive to salt, tell your server to reduce salt.

OR
2. COSTOLETTA di MAIALE: meaty, sweet, substantial
Organically, locally raised hogs for your dining pleasure. 2 or 3 pieces thinly pounded, very tender pork chops. Because it's breaded, the calories will be higher than the bistecca. I used to tell them to NOT to bread my pork chops, but honestly, the breaded version goes well with the romaine and balsamic dressing. They use quality balsamic vinegar. It's sweet not sour at all. Lots of romaine. 

For your carbohydrate and dairy, get
MARGHERITTA D.O.C: milky, sweet, chewy yet crispy. Like a dream. You won't want it to stop.

this is the default flavor of Neapolitan pizza. When you go to a new pizzeria, you want to see whether they know what they're doing, order this flavor. We've tried all flavors on the menu. In the end we always go back to doc.

At crostatas, the cheese has a good balance with the tomato sauce. I want to describe it as "milky yet sweet". The reason: To be a certified Neapolitan pizza place, you must adhere to strict ingredient requirements. These two ingredients are most popular / beloved by most chefs, which is what crostatas used in margheritta doc:

A. San Marzano Tomatoes: a type of plum tomato that's sweet and low in acidity (compared to Roma tomato for example). If you use an acidic tomato sauce, your pizza will taste acidic...then you'll try to compensate with sugar...hence some not-so-great margheritta pizza you've had in the past.

B. Mozzarella Di Bufala: it's trademarked. The milk must come from buffalo raised in Campana region. Buffalo milk has twice as much fat as cow milk. Hence the intense milky flavor.

The dough is chewy, yet the crust is crispy. pizza here gives me an impression that it must come from some "thousand-years mother dough". The other places's dough feels a bit "juvenile", portion not as substantial yet more expensive.

You don't need 100 ingredients as toppings for it to be a good pizza. Simple but good ingredients on the right dough, so classy, so warm, so good.

OR

Pesto
Pesto with shrimp

Dessert: spumoni or tiramisu. Get an espresso. Helps with digestion. So claimed the Italians.

Order the above dishes. You will want to give them 5 stars.
