x4mhAhgIVUd205iXMoyzCQ A hidden gem...off the beaten path.  My wife tells me not to write a review for this place, or else we will never go back.  Wrote a review once, for another hidden gem on another account... place was always packed afterwards.  Not my fault, as I doubt many people read my review, just pure coincidence is all!  Anyways, here goes:

Have been here many times since it has opened.  Veal and chicken sandwich, large, delicious, and reasonably, if not, underpriced, for the size and the amount of stuff packed inside...onions, peppers, their homemade tomato sauce.

Their pizzas are great.  Very comparable to some of the better pizza places in Toronto, including Vivoli, Via Mercanti, Taverniti Trattoria, Libretto is probably still better than Tomasso, but Tomasso's is definitely up there, one of the best pizza's in Toronto.

I've tried half of their pastas on their menu.  Simple, delicious recipes, the Fetteccini and Porcini Mushroom pasta is one of the best pasta's I've had in an Italian restaurant in Toronto.  So simple, I am trying to perfect it at home myself.  Although, I have not tried Gusto yet, but I hear that place is excellent as well.

Quiet, quiant, friendly, and reasonably priced.  You always get their complimentary Bruschetta, the loaf is kept together, hot and fresh in the middle, crunchy outer crust with just a few pieces sliced off and covered in olives, EVOO, tomatoes, oregano.

Unfortunately, this place is rarely ever packed, the most I've seen it full, almost half the dining room was still empty.  This can be a good thing for regulars, never have to worry about seating, consistency of food quality and service remains high, but location is not very central, a little off the beaten path, may make it not so great for business.

$15 corkage fee for bring your own bottle of wine, standard individual pizzas are roughly $13-$18 or so...but any large pizza is $30, can feed two easy!  Especially when you get their complimentary bread.

All pastas fairly priced, Mr. Tomasso is super friendly.
Decor 3.5 out of 5
Food 5 out of 5 (consistency has been an issue on one or two visits) (*Edit: Consistency is getting much better, been back a few times in 2016. Raised the food rating from 4 to 5.)
Staff and Service 4 out of 5
Price at lunch time, depending what you get, is great! Fair and reasonably priced for dinner.
