Xd3CvDmkW9tnOpgEZ3_MVQ I'm way overdue on writing a review for Digestif so I must post something. I've been putting it off to do it justice with specific references to dishes but need to just post.

Suffice to say that Digestif is one of my favorite restaurants anywhere & I'm calling it now that it's just a matter of time before Payton Curry has a  Beard award. May be an early call but I'm sticking by it & check back with me in a couple years.

We've always been are big fans of the Kasperski restaurants (Sea Saw, Ciao, Kaz) so have been going to Digestif ever since it opened. I liked the food right away & have always been a fan.  I also think they have great, interesting drinks which is a bonus.

Toward the end of December we had a meal there that caused a major paradigm shift though. While we were fans of Digestif, I'd always thought of it as a bit of a "scene" place. Anyway, we'd done our company Christmas lunch there & had a bunch of great drinks so the Mrs. & I decided that for our anniversary we were going to go have a couple drinks, some apps & then hit a movie.

Well we did have some apps & some drinks & they were wonderful - so much so that we decided to head back after the movie for more. At t his point, I think the killer drinks might have been the initial draw. We loved the fennel & beer pork sausage, the Segwey martini & the Chartreuses.

When we got back, the bartender we were sitting with had cashed out so we were sat with Joshua. Turned out to be amazingly lucky. Joshua is a food psycho (in the best way). Former cook/chef at crazy name places across the country. Well, we pretty much put ourselves in his hands & had a mind blowing meal. Made me feel terrible for ever thinking of Digestif as a "scene" place & elevated it instantly up to the level of my very favorite restaurants in the state.

Some of the highlights of that meal were unbelievable foie gras. I mean La Belle Farms foie is always wonderful so how could it really stand out, right? It just did. The preparation was amazing. Rabbit confit & persimmon - absolutely love this dish. I've not been able to go back since & not order this. Pate was amazing. I'm pretty much just completely blown away with Digestif's charceuterie. Can't get enough of it. The burrata brushettone was amazing as well. The deserts (we already love Tracy Dempsey from Sea Saw & other) were also amazing, that night specifically the butternut squash & ricotta fritters. So good. We also did a bunch more cocktails (absinthe, chartreuses, gin sling, negroni) that were fun & wonderful.

Since then, we've been back and had matching experiences. Other standouts for us are the carrot fettucini w/lamb, Niman Ranch pork chop and the brownie & chocolate malted semifreddo - looks like just a brownie sundae but oh no...

I also love, love, love the fact that Payton Curry, Tracy Dempsey, Pavle Milic & a bunch of the other Digestif staff are at OTFM (Old Town Farmer's Market) weekly. So cool to be able to talk & interact with them, eat their food in an uber casual way & get tips. Helps unbelievably that they are ridiculously nice & personable.

Huge, huge fan.
