Xd3CvDmkW9tnOpgEZ3_MVQ This is my new new restaurant to stalk.

After being seated in a comfy 'lil booth, we were greated by our beatnik waiter Eric; a pretty cool cat.  He was astonished we'd never been to HIS restaurant and was very very interested in sharing his love and lore of it with us.   I was a bit put off at first cause i thought he was being a knob, but soon realized he wasn't there to fuck around.   The terms "fresh" and "farm to plate" have been etch into my brain thanks  to this tattoo'd hipster food slinger. 

  To continue, my girlfriend and I went on a Wednesday night and were delighted to be in a chow casa that was wasn't leaking people back onto the sidewalks.  Eric insisted we try "farm to table"  an appetizer that includes mushrooms, asparagus and a fried egg all ontop a piece of  brioche to start.  I was waaaaaay skeptical about eating something like that, but as soon as that bad mamba jamba hit the table my girlfriend and I ravenously devoured it.  It was so fresh and it tasted good! I know that's a pretty vauge way to say it rock'd my pants off, but I just had NO complaints!  I'd eat a "farm to table" everyday if I could.  Oh, and the asparagus made my pee smell funny, free of charge! :D

Our entree's were no less impressive, with my lady having the fettucini with brased pork and I having the cannelloni with crispy pork belly.  The fettucini was green!  It was soo god damn delish too! I liked the pork in the dish, but I could not get over the flavor of the pasta! Muah! Muah! (Itallian finger puppet kissing)  The pork belly... I mean c'mon!... was crispy and as I delved into it's layers was salty and tender, and finally rich and fatty... oh god, I feel like I need to go to confession.  And I'm an atheist.  Jesus Christ. 

Ok, at this point the server was like "yeah bitch, I told you" and I was like "yeah I am your bitch, feed me your awesome 'effing food"    It was ridiculous how good everything was, specifically how F R E S H everything was.  I don't really eat veggies as a rule, I like them, but I don't normally chow on them.  At Digestif, I could have eaten ONLY veggies.   I didn't get to sample the dessert menu, or try any of their wines, but i know that i will be back.
