XD0LjNuPPwJPsTAHecUh7A I would like to begin by saying that we had to wait close to ONE HOUR to be seated at this restaurant. Please keep in mind, we had a reservation. This is unacceptable to me considering my experience in the service industry. I worked in the service industry for 15 years and I have never, not ONCE, let a guest wait for their table this long. The two lovely young women hosting seemed to be getting a lot of information about the tables through their fancy ear-piece-walkie-talkie gizmos. However, the implementation of such fancy technology failed to get us to our seats any sooner... We were expected to stand and wait near the door on a stormy, muggy evening. 

Back to the review, The waitress offered us a "Meat and Cheese Platter" as a consolation for out wait time. Me and my party were very excited about this platter until arrived and lacked cheese entirely. Our vegetarian friend was left hungry as the rest of devoured the (delicious) cured meat platter. Olives were a nice touch to the platter as well as crusty bread thingy's.

Once we me and my party got over the cheese incident, we began deciding what we would order. I knew I had to have the pizza. I do love me some pizza, yes. I opted for the Margharitta while others in my party had different pizza. The fresh arugula was very tasty and not over done. Sometimes, in my experience, there are issues keeping the arugula on the pizza and off the plate (or floor if you're clumsy like me) but I had no problems getting all of these greens into my stomach where they belong.

Side note: Our waitress was authentic and cool. She addressed me and my date as "doctors" when she asked for our IDs while taking our orders for a beer. We thought that was kind of strange but charming at the same time. Thanks for the laughs.

Back to the review, The pizza was so tasty i nearly ate the whole thing. YUM! to say the least. I still think about this pizza one week later. YUM to say the least indeed! My sister had a pasta and she said hers was very yummy also. 

Bingo! Dessert time. Gelato was fresh and tasty and i liked eating mine with spoon in hand, one more scoop PLEASE? Thank you very much, great gelato makes a great dessert. We also tried the butterscotch which was wonderful and came with a nice cookie for sharing, perfect for all of us to get a taste. We all loved it, shame it was so small! 

7/10
