Xd3CvDmkW9tnOpgEZ3_MVQ Pinch me! I must be dreaming! No I take it back, don't pinch me let me enjoy the main course forever. That's what I was thinking after a few bites into the stack of perfection that Digestif's Chef Payton Curry crafted for the New Years Eve night's special. 

Words will not describe what I experienced New Years Eve night at Digestif. This was my first time and I can't wait until the next. 

From the beginning I couldn't have been more impressed. The host greeted us with a warm welcome and promptly seated us in a cozy section that overlooked the trendy bar and the busy pass. 

We started off the night with a country pate that was made on-premise with seasonal ingredients. The texture and the beautiful arrangement of gherkins, caper berries, stone ground mustard, finishing salt, pickled veggies, and bruschetta made up for the lack of flavor in the pate. 

It gets better. Chef Curry created and executed the best main course ever imagined. I have about ten things on my "last supper" list and his New Years Eve special included two of them. 

The bottom of the plate was painted with a grape gastrique that was hidden beneath a bed of creamy risotto that served as a pedestal for 3 oz's of rich and juicy pork belly that was slightly crisp on top. Resting peacefully atop was the most satisfying melt in your mouth 3 oz's of foie gras. 

To complete the dish he dusted the top of the foie gras with black truffle shavings and a pinch of finishing salt.  Nestled around the stack of perfection were a couple of slightly sweet and dark figs that went off in your mouth like fireworks every time you chewed down on them.

The waitress must have noticed the glazed over look and smile on my face because she rhetorically asked, "so, how is it?" I told her that I couldn't have been better and that the dish's texture and flavor combinations were perfect.

Minutes later, right before dessert, the chef came out-warm cookies and milk in hand-and told us that it was late the night before when the thought of the combination came to him and that he was excited to put it on the menu.  

The service, the ambience, the company I was with, the main course, and talking with Chef Curry made this the best dinner experience for me in 2008.   

And I forgot to mention that this was also the first time that I was chased down by a hostess. About 10' outside the door I hear a, "hey, hey, I forgot to give these to you, lemon/absinthe & chestnut/cognac truffles. Happy New Year!" Can you believe it? I must be dreaming.
