XeUm1QS078kgjwONhul0ng How to roll at Pino's.

Pino's is one those increasingly rare environs in the USA, a no frills family owned restaurant. First time diners may occasionally get a dose of family dynamic's that don't fit there ethic's or social graces. Hence the occasional negative review. Few people these days understand what it means to work sun up to sun down 6 days a week to make a living. This is the reality of a family restaurant ... you can't always be at your best. I myself have never witnessed any odd behavior, and Pino is the nicest guy you'll ever meet, as is his night time wait staff. 

Like many Pizzaria's in the New York area, Pino's is  a cafeteria style high volume take out environment M-F for lunch. Learn the ropes to get feed at rush hour or .. No Soup for You!  Ok I'm just having fun here but you get the idea. Afternoons are slower but I usually avoid that time period because of the limited menu. Evening's are when you want to visit for a true Pino's Al Centro experience. 5-8 PM. 

My friend Matt is a regular over here and lets just say the man can eat. Though him I have learned what can really come out of this kitchen, yes some real 5 star specials. Though him I also learned of the "Italian Style" Margarita Pizza ... this thing is off the charts, I actually dream of eating this pie. A super huge funky shaped pizza with a super thin crust ... bubbling with gooey goodness ... Oh Baby Baby. Unfortunately its not on the menu. I myself only get one 50% of the time, and never through the wait staff although they say no problem, a "regular" Margarita Pizza always shows up. (Still very good but not the madman).  My only success is to ask Pino's directly, an if he's busy its not going to happen. The only reason I am sharing this is because if enough of you ask, just maybe, "the italian pie" becomes a permanent feature on the evening menu. My best success is Saturday's around lunch time when it's slow.

Pino's Al Centro is a 30 mile drive for me but I stop in every chance I get. Homemade everything, quality ingredients, straight forward Italian Food. Everything on the menu is a solid 4 star,  a real comfortable family style restaurant with great service and affordable pricing. What's not to like.

"Buon appetito"
