XiN6fI8I3Mzg2nPRJ9ukRQ SUMMARY: If possible, I'd rate 4.5. The food is very, very good---but portions quite small, and delivery charge is high at $6.

Overall, $40 spendy for 4 pieces of ravioli, 3 ping-pong-sized meatballs, and a piece of tiramisu size of a *small* square drink coaster.

DETAILS: Stumbled upon Prosecco Fresh Italian Kitchen on a night when there was no food in the house and decided to order out. It is too expensive to do this very often, but it was incredibly delicious, fresh, and thoughtfully and expertly prepared.

My Order:  Agnolotti di Zucca ("Moon-shaped pasta with butternut squash and ricotta cheese sautéed in a light butter sage sauce") -- very modest portion, but exceptionally good -- hand-crafted pasta, like a ravioli, the sauce was just as described, perfectly seasoned, and accented with a jot of fried sage. 

Ordered a side of meatballs, which was fortunate, because the portion of the entree would have been insufficient a meal -- with the 3 meatballs, it was perfection! The meatballs were scrumptious, served in its own little container with a flavorful marinara sauce, with a little bit of accenting cheese over the top, and bits of fresh basil. They mischarged me for thee meatballs at $6.00---I later learned their standard charge for THREE MEATBALLS (which, again, are ping-pong-ball-sized) is $18.

The meal also came with wonderful, fresh, bread--and an herbed dipping oil. Complex, subtle, and delicious.

One review said that this very oil "needed seasoning," by which I'm guessing they meant salt.  

However, one of the *best* parts of this restaurant--unlike most of the quite pedestrian restaurants you can order from in this region---htheir restraint in "seasoning" (meaning: salt) throughout the entire meal was a relief, and let you actually taste thee natural flavors--not just a salt bomb.

For desert I tried tiramisu--which was wonderful, and in keeping with the thoughtful "seasoning" of the savory dishes, it was not overly sweet. Most places in the Las Vegas Valley, I ave found, smash you over the head with sugar. This didn't.  My first impression was the tiramisu was on the teeny tiny side. However: like everything else, it was of the very highest quality, and in factm among the best tiramisu I've had, with slim slices of homemade, ever-so-slightly sweet cocoa/chocolate "bark" perched on top in addition to the traditional nice bitter cocoa dusting of tiramsu. The cream/custard was sublime. And there was a wee dollop of chantilly cream to the side, along with a spriglette of mint. The only misfire of the whole meal was a 1/2 maraschino cherry in the cream. At first I thought it was a raspberry, which would have been nice, but a maraschino cherry? An ironic wink, perhaps? But unnecessary.

The meal before tax and delivery-tip was $28---for one smallish but delectable entree plus 3 very modest-sized meatballs.   The delivery fee of $6 seemed high.  All told, it was $40 with tax and delivery and tip.

This quality of restaurant--the elevated taste--is rare near Henderson.  Most places that deliver, particularly, tend toward mediocre, run-of-the-mill, and/or chains.  Prosecco Fresh Italian Kitchen is unique, smart, creative, and could hold its own, and be popular, in any major city with an educated clientele with high expectations and discerning palates. But for me, given the price, a once-in-a-while splurge!
