XiN6fI8I3Mzg2nPRJ9ukRQ My first time dining here was incredible, and I forgot to write a review so here are my two reviews for my experiences at Prosecco. (Yes I came back within 2 weeks because it was THAT GOOD.) 

First time:
They serve complimentary warm bread with pesto which is to die for. No shame that I ate almost the entire mini-loaf of bread and left one piece for my partner. 
Ordered Burratina as an appetizer. It was delicious, fresh, and plated beautifully. The prosciutto was crispy and delicious. I could have eaten an entire meal of just that. 
For my entree I had the Agnolotti alla Piemontese which was one of the best pasta dishes I've had in a long time. The ravioli were clearly handmade and the creamy truffle sauce was rich and flavorful. I made sure to use every last drop of sauce because it was so delicious. 
We shared a bottle of Prosecco which was chilled and refreshing on a hot summer day. The atmosphere was nice and we had an amazing time dining here.
The owner came to the table and we mentioned a hilarious review we saw on Google about a delivery driver hitting on someone's wife. We laughed while reading it, but the owner was distraught. He told us they use GrubHub for deliveries and this person was not affiliated with Prosecco at all and was NOT an employee. He was extremely sad that this bad review brought down his overall rating, which shows he cares about his customers and his reputation. He chatted with us a long while & offered us some Limoncello on the house. 

Second time:
We enjoyed our last meal so much we decided to come back for dinner again within two weeks of our last time dining here. This place is truly a hidden local treasure. 
We once again ordered the Burratina (the fresh mozzarella and crispy prosciutto will have you coming back for more too, I promise.)
I once again ordered the Agnolotti alla Piemontese because like I said before, I have not had such a rich and flavorful pasta dish in a long time. It may not seem like you get a lot of ravioli, but they are extremely filling and both times I could not finish my meal. 
We shared a bowl of muchroom risotto which was probably the best risotto I have ever had. That is a bold statement because my mom makes awesome risotto (sorry mom). We DEVOURED the enormous bowl of risotto like it was nobody's business. 
My partner had the Branzino fish which he finished so fast I wondered if he even took a breath between bites. 

We love this place, it's one of our new favorites. We will continue to come back here for dinner. I have a feeling this is one of those places that no matter what you order, the food will be good. The staff are actually Italians at straight from Italy, the hospitality and service are amazing. Definitely recommend you give this place a chance!
