XPLSNGSClW8gR5BTcvyOhQ This is the second time I have been to Bucca in the past several months and i feel i have to share a review. Same exact experience both times as far as service. Went on Sunday at around 6pm. Every other restaurant around Bucca had a wait, not a long one (Cheesecake factory was 30 min) but it looks like people are starting to avoid this place. When we walked in there was nobody waiting and there was barely any tables taken. I didn't understand why i had to wait a couple minutes to be seated, but hey I'm not a hostess and I don't have the scoop on the availability of waiters on a weekend during dinner hour in one of the busiest areas of the west valley. Once me and my girlfriend got seated we waited approximately 15 minutes to receive our drinks followed by another 5-10 min for bread. Our order was fairly easy today (small pizza, small order of fettuccine alfredo). We got our meal about 20 minutes after ordering, which is fairly reasonable and i was happy about that. But, the fettuccine was cold and you could clearly tell our waitress forgot since someone else had to bring it to us. We ate our meal and decided to save most of it for left overs. Then, this is where the turn happened. Once done we pushed our plates away and waited for our waitress to come back so that we could order desert and get to go containers. After 30 minutes we finally see her and she went straight to a table that had just been seated took their order and walked away. All while i waived to flag her down and said "excuse me miss" she walked away. I saw to go containers in the waiter station next to me and took the liberty of grabbing them to box myself. It wasn't until she brought the other tables food back that we finally saw her and asked for the check, which took about another 10 minutes to do.

Basically, if you have alot of time on your hands and have nothing else better to do than this is the place for you. I really enjoy the food here, however the service you have to deal with is mediocre at best. They pay no attention and i received the same exact service 2-3 months ago. I even sat in the same booth. It could be just the area of the restaurant we get stuck in but after two times i'm skeptical. I want to go back and give this place another shot but part of me doesn't want to waste my money.

I would highly advise just ordering to go instead of putting up with their staff, because the pizza is very good. 2 stars for the pizza.
