XPLSNGSClW8gR5BTcvyOhQ We have eaten or gotten take-out here several times. I like the fun decor and atmoshpere, except that it can be WAY too loud. That just means another group is having fun, but they get some pretty large groups and it is quite annoying to be seated a few feet away.

Regardless of the decor, don't come for the food, because it is not very good and is apparently *very* inconsistent. We have tried their baked dishes and didn't finish them because they were bland and just didn't taste good. Usually the spaghetti with meat sauce is practically all pasta. You can ask for extra sauce but they want to charge you for it (at least this is the case for take-out). The meat sauce has a funny taste. It isn't old, but the taste reminds me of something that is old.

Nonetheless, when we went out of town we decided to get pizza (usually good here) and pasta from Buca di Beppo to leave with the kids, and this is when it got bizarre. They must have made too much sauce that morning, or maybe it was a weird prank, because this time the "spaghetti" was probably three-quarters meat sauce! Weird; and not appetizing, and not a normal meal. And we didn't even ask for extra meat sauce. But the strangest thing is that when we got home from our trip, we found out the kids didn't eat any of the pizza. They would heat it up and throw it out because they didn't like it. I decided to have some just to get rid of it. It was pretty limp so I baked it in the toaster oven on the highest setting. Tried a bite and despite being re-baked, it was just plain mushy. It turns out there was meat sauce in the pizza -- lots of it! My wife did not order any meat sauce on the pizza. If all pizza tasted like this, I would never eat pizza again.

This tale might have ended okay if the restaurant did the right thing. Since the pizza was a total loss, my wife took it back to the restaurant the day after we got back. It is hard to believe but they would not give a refund, "because it's been a week." This is not a good way to do business.

*UPDATE 05/28/2013*

I was pretty offended on behalf of my wife when I wrote this, she having been brushed off by the person on duty at the cash register. Regardless, the fact is that my wife is back to buying take out here, now and then. So the food isn't (normally) bad, although it is still a matter of taste.
