Xs5MqC7-g0vc4nmWDtRZoQ Ahh Detroit, home of the lust-worthy Ford Mustang, incredibly talented rapper Eminem, and sweet sweet old Motown music. Do you know what wasn't just on that list??? Pizza, that's what. And after trying Northside Nathan's, I can see why. Now I can come to one of two conclusions after eating there; either Northside Nathan's doesn't accurately represent Detroit style pizza (much the same way that a lot of "New York style" pizzerias in this town bear absolutely no resemblance to real New York pizza), or Detroit needs to stick to manufacturing the vehicles I love to drive, and leave the pizza to the big boys (New York and maybe I guess Chicago). 

The ambiance in this place is easily 3.5 to 4 stars. It's got a really cool decor. The service was also good. The counter girl was friendly and helpful. They also have lots of good promotions going on with coupons all over their website and on the pizza boxes. 

So those were the three redeeming qualities of Northside Nathan's. Unfortunately, after that everything came tumbling down. The crust was far from terrible, it actually was the most decent thing about the pizza. The most apparent problem was that the cheese was of the artificial blend variety. Whatever it was, I guarantee the box it came in didn't read "Whole Milk Mozzarella" or anything of the sort. The "meatball" topping was just that awful, flavorless crumbled ground beef topping. The sauce was barely existent, but maybe that's a good thing, because the little that I could taste was really sub par. I doctored it up with Parm, Red Pepper, Oregano, and Garlic Powder, but as Eminem once said "Nurse, we're losing him. Check the pulse!!" Alas, it was too late to save this terrible pizza. I won't swear off Detroit style pizza for good, but the chances of me returning to Northside Nathan's anytime soon are somewhere between Slim and Shady. 

P.S.- Something I learned from this experience... If a restaurant has a hard time not burning your fries, it probably isn't going to fare too well in the more difficult areas of the food menu.
