xTW5PkLEdMBs2f2W8RGy0g I learned of this place while trying to use a Restaurant.com credit.  Yelp seemed to have good ratings, so I used the credit and bought a certificate for Miele's.

They center it is in is a bit dodgy.  NW corner of Dobson and Guadalupe.  It's next to the Pawn Shop.

Upon entering the decor is absent.  It's really just a small podium and several blank walls.  What did I get myself into?  But from the podium they led us down a nondescript hall into the dining area.  The decor here was still a bit lacking, but better.  "Romantic lighting", several small tables...starting to feel like a bistro!  When we arrived there was quiet live music.  I should comment that the music was really nice.  Not at all Italian, but I liked that the musician wasn't blaring.  It was nice background music that allowed people to have a conversation without yelling.

We were seated at one of a small number of tables.  (Reservations might be a good idea...most of the evening I didn't see more than 1 or 2 empty tables, so I can see them being packed sometimes.)  They have an extensive menu.  Almost too much.  How can a small bistro kitchen cope with so many different dishes and maintain quality?  After looking at sandwiches and pizzas and different chicken dishes and veal dishes I settled on the bolognese.  Properly done this should not be "spaghetti and meat sauce".  My wife ordered chicken toscana.  We also got the calamari appetizer.

The calamari was good.  Simple, but good.  Not rubbery at all, nice light crunch of the breading.  Done well.  At the same time they brought out "house bread".  They make it themselves.  It's really good.  As good as any bakery.

The entrees came with a house salad.  My wife liked it.  I don't do salads, and they would not substitute for a soup.  I could order a soup, but no substitution.  Annoying.

My bolognese was really good.  Perfect, really.  Portion maybe a bit small, but the pasta was done properly and the bolognese sauce was dead-on.  Very flavorful.  My wife loved her toscana.  I didn't particularly (it was 'ok'), but she was very happy with her choice.  I mean really happy with it!

The bistro is owned by a middle-aged couple.  It's not a chain.  The chef has worked there since before this couple owned it, or so they told me.  I think as long as that chef is there we have a new favorite Italian place.  Yes, they are more expensive than the Olive Garden.  But they are so worth it if you love Italian food.  We are looking forward to trying them again very soon.
