xvfAxe6F0azYjfLSm8ISMA I celebrated my daughter's 21st birthday here last night. It was a very nice dining experience. Gian was our waiter. He was friendly, knowledgeable & attentive. He made some great menu & wine suggestions which I appreciated very much because I'm not an Italian food connoisseur nor am I wine expert..but I am an expert at drinking it! Lol

We started witg fresh bread & a "bruschetta like tappenade" ....Oh..it was soooo good! I've never had anything quite like it..The bruschetta was sweet,  surrounded by garlic cloves, full of flavor & slam dunked in a delicious flavored olive oil. I literally could have just eaten bread & sipped on pinot noir all evening & I would have been completely satisfied..speaking of pinot..I went with Ian's suggestion. I got a bottle of La Crema...Very delicious! My daughter agreed. A little sweet & fruity...I could taste a hint of cherry & possibly blackberry. I would order it again...We also received a very yummy Caesar salad. I enjoyed it very much.

I ordered Angelo chicken per Gian's suggestion. It was chicken breast with a white wine sauce with artichoke & mushroom. It was tasty but I wasn't blown away. It also came with string beans..I felt a bit more effort could have been put in these. They were just steamed with no seasoning. A little salt, pepper, onions, & maybe a few other things would have made them more interesting. It was a good meal overall though..Oh..& penne pasta with marinara sauce was also served with my meal. I don't really eat a lot of pasts but I tasted it & it was pretty good. My daughter ordered her favorite, spaghetti & meatballs. She loved it...I had a bite and I agree with her..very tasty! Homemade sauce for sure...

The finale was when Gian served me daughter a beautiful & delicious chocolate cake. He sent her off with some kind birthday wishes as well...I really appreciated it & so did my daughter. We devoured the cake! The chocolate shavings made it extra memorable as well as the presentation...it was served with class & the cake was put together well.

I did forget to mention that the restaurant itself is classy. The ambiance was very inviting. The restaurant is spacious & has dim lighting. I'm sure that a many of romantic dinners have been shared there. I'd definitely go back when I'm in the area. Don Vito s made my daughter's birthday memorable in the best way possible. We won't ever forget it. I thanked them for a job well done.
