XvYtp_rwIWdd382zbQ6XjA Been coming here for over 10 years now...it's a weekly must visit for me these days.  The lunch specials are an amazing deal!  Although sit down service only, don't be scared to go on a lunch break.  They are always quick to greet you and can easily accommodate a speedy visit. 

Now, why do I come here so much? It's the pizza. Plain cheese slice pizza. I am from NJ and had pizza in NYC growing up a lot. So I know what good American pizza is 'supposed to' taste like. Not to be confused with true Italian pizza... This pizza is a little thicker than the foldable boardwalk pie in Atlantic City or Seaside but that's what makes it so good to me. It's very filling and I find myself splitting the 2 slice lunch more often than not. That leaves room for the cinnamon dessert! 

As far as taste, it's very neutral. Most foodies like to taste a ton of flavors and herbs at once in a sauce...not me.  A Foodie that hates herbs?!?  Well, I'm a supertaster (look that up if you never heard of it, you can test to see if you are too) .  For example apples taste like wood to me, makes sense as it is a baby wooden tree kinda...anyway, so what tastes like basil to you tastes like lawnmower clippings to me..well..what they smell like anyway.  Ever smell something that smells good but you could never eat or drink? Gasoline for example ... I digress. 

Personally I can't stand anything green on my pizza. Oregano, basil, cilantro you name it. I really dislike sauces that taste 'green' to me that have oregano or the like already mixed in. The sauce here is sweet and tastes like tomato.  I'm sure there's seasonings but not too much is what I'm sayin' ... For comparison, Fired Pie's sauce has 'green tasting'  seasonings I don't care for. 1000 degrees has a perfectly balanced red sauce. 

Lastly the cheese. Never greasy or stringy and I have never wasted a morsel. You know what I mean? Ever had 'birthday party pizza' so bad that you took half the "cheese" off to just make it edible? Not here. Never. You can tell the quality in every bite.  Tastes the same every time and if you are like me, and like cheese pizza the best, give it a try...does feel a little weird tipping on a $5 tab though. 20% is a dollar but what a steal $$$!
