4S7vWgarCkYjSaN8vrTV9g While visiting my bf's family in the area we decided to grab a bite to eat at Tomato Grill. We arrived Friday evening around 6 p.m. and I had a feeling they would have a wait for a table. We did not call ahead to make a reservation and maybe we should have. When we asked the hostess for a table she didn't seem to have anything available and asked if we made a reservation which we had not. She told us that she didn't know if a table would become available for at least 30-45 minutes, but she did recommend the bar area instead. The bar area was fine for us and there were exactly 4 chairs left so it was perfect. 

We sat down at the bar and were greeted by our server. She was really friendly and offered us drinks while placing the menus in front of us. I wish I remembered her name, but I just can't think of it. Anyway, since I was visiting  Great Lakes state I had to try one of the Great Lakes beers (Dortmunder) and it was exactly what I needed. the bartender/server gave us some time to look over the menu and left us alone for a bit while we made decisions. The family decided to order the bruschetta for an appetizer and then we each ordered an entree. I opted for the eggplant parmesan. 

Our bartender was great at making sure we each had enough to drink and she kept checking on us to let us know that the kitchen was working on our order (she knew it was taking a long time). The appetizer came out and looked great and tasted great so that was a good start to the meal. Then when our meals came I was slightly disappointed. My eggplant parmesan looked a bit disappointing and seemed to be loaded with more cheese to make it look more filling. The eggplant itself was quite soggy and didn't taste anything like what it should have. I ate about 1/3 of my meal, but opted to eat more of the pasta with marinara sauce instead. The pasta was very plain and the sauce wasn't seasoned very well. It was definitely not a meal I would go back for. 

If I could give our server/bartender 5 stars I would, but since the food was lacking in flavor I have to give 3 stars with hopes that they will improve...or maybe they do better on a night when they aren't as busy? 

There are plenty of other good places to visit in the area for dinner so I would suggest skipping dinner at the Tomato Grill...maybe just go for drinks and apps instead.
