Y07qIurPKiUJDnTZWxZN2A I whole heartedly believe this is one of the better buffets in Las Vegas.  The food is varied and tasty, the prices are good and the atmosphere is also nice!
We like coming back here whenever we go to Las Vegas, we know for sure we won't be disappointed.

We usually attend the lunch buffet.  This is because I'm not a fan of shellfish and lobster/crab etc, which is usually the difference between lunch and dinner buffets, so we tend to stick with the cheaper lunch buffet rather than pay more for entrees we won't be eating.

Anyway, the selection @ the Bistro Buffet may not be as varied as other hotels, BUT everything is good! It's a case of quality over quantity. (But don't get me wrong though, there is PLENTY of food to choose from!! Any picky eater will find something to eat!)  They have a small salad bar and a couple of types of soups to choose from, they have an International station which usually features a taco bar, mediterranean cuisine (such as falafel, lamb gyro, lebanese rice, tahini sauce..... & more.. usually a chef's special), Chinese food (eggrolls, sweet and sour pork, fried rice, a couple of soups), a really tasty carving station (very nice, juicy turkey, prime rib.... and ham) with the proper side dishes (today was whipped potatoes, deep fried creamed corn (yum!), gravy, stuffing....) and an American food section with various meat & potatoes dishes, like chicken, steaks, sauteed veggies etc.

THEN .... there's desserts.  Their dessert section is awesome.  First of all... frozen yogurt machine.  All the ice cream you can eat. I mean... no buffet is complete without it!   They also have a good selection of petits fours, cookies, puddings & Jello.... but the best part about the dessert section at the Palms is their bakery counter!  There are probably 20-30 different types of cakes and pies behind that counter, and upon request you can have a slice (or more) of whichever cakes or pies you choose.  They're not stingy so if you wanna sample 10 cakes, they'll let you.  So far, any cakes/pies I've had there have been nothing but excellent.

Service & staff at the Bistro Buffet is always very good, their waiters are always nearby to top off your drinks & clean dirty plates.

I know there are probably better buffets in Las Vegas, such as the Bellagio and the Wynn.... but if you combine price AND food and take all that into consideration, I highly believe that this buffet deserves 5 stars.

Can't wait to go back!
