y0QzKWNVoXCbZpk6uhEgGA I stopped in to Mamma Martino's the other night with my boyfriend and his mother. He'd give them a 4, I'd give them a 3.

We went in on a Friday evening, and they were packed. I mean no parking and a line out the door and down the front of the building packed. So we waited about 25 minutes for a table, which was actually less time than I anticipated.

Inside it was LOUD. Like super loud. I would not have been able to stay there if my hard of hearing friends+family were with me. It was just too much. But they weren't there, so I stayed.

A waitress came over promptly and got drinks + appetizer orders. As often seems to be the case when things are super busy in a "family style" restaurant, we ran out of drinks pretty quickly and for a reasonably significant amount of time. They just had too much going on to refill the ice waters on the table in a timely manner.

The house garlic bread was decent, but I was disappointed that there as no sign of fresh garlic on it. Perhaps it was infusing the butter they brushed the bread with in the back of the house, but it wasn't visible once the bread hit the table. The tomatoes used on the Bruschetta didn't appear to be ripe. I don't like raw tomatoes, so I didn't eat it, but my boyfriend felt it could have been done better.

Between the three of us, for entrees we had... the Penne Albruno, the Rigatoni with Italian Sausage, and the Spaghetti Carbonara. (I was the Carbonara.) The other 2 diners felt their pasta was great! I ended up with spaghetti that had burnt bits (on the pasta itself) throughout, not enough bacon, and not a ton of flavor overall - unless you had a chunk of bacon in each bite, which didn't happen. So for me, it was mediocre. It was edible, I added extra salt, red pepper flakes, and black pepper and got *some* flavor going on... but I was definitely expecting something more.

Perhaps if we'd come in at a slower time, things would have been less chaotic in the kitchen and the food would have shown an improvement.
