y2SaaWClzB6Pb360V-m98w Will NEVER go back. Tried this place again due to a semi-positive experience the last time I went and wanted to support a local business in a sea of nothingness. No improvements over last visit, and in fact, something unforgivable took place. It wasn't as crowded and service was quick to seat us and take drink orders. Salad and bread came in OK time and it was all very good. We waited too long for entrees. When they did finally come, as in the last time, one of the dishes had temperature issues. It was their "blue bbq chicken." The taste was great, but it was mostly lukewarm and even cold in spots. The major problem dishes were the chicken piccata and the veal piccata. The sauces were toxically salty. Not a little salty. Not even really salty. TOXIC SALTY... INEDIBLE SALTY. The people I was dining with get nervous about complaining but I assured them that if I were the manager I would want to know. So they asked to speak to the manager. I don't know this guy's name and to quote his Western PA accent, "Um not innerested in knowin' it neither." What an idiot. First, it was clear he did not want to come to the table to hear a complaint. Being the typical Western Pennsylvania manchild type, he shot nervous and even rude glances until he finally mustered the courage and came sauntering over with a very noticeable chip on his shoulder. We explained the salty situation. He sighed and said condescendingly, "It's hard to cook something right without salt these days." ??? Whaaaaaat??? I smiled and answered, "No no no... this isn't a little salty this is inedible salty." He was unmoved and acted as though there was nothing he could or would do about it. How do you develop an attitude like that? Do you hate your job that much? Were you raised by wolves? When momma wolf dragged home a stinking rotting carcass for you were you expected to gobble it down without complaint? We once again gave the chorus of how ridiculously salty the dish was.. nothing. I said, "look this had the potential to be a great dish, but it was abjectly ruined with salt." .... nothing but more stiffening, bristling, and dumb-dumb machismo. He didn't understand what I said at first, probably because I used words with multiple syllables. When I asked him over and over to try it for himself and see for himself, he rudely and coldly stated, "Um not innerested in tastin' it." He did offer to take ONE of the meals off the bill. My very elderly father quickly blurted out, "No no we don't want anything free." Well... I DID want him to credit both meals since they were both inedible, but my father spoke and we were compelled to sit in uncomfortable silence. He took advantage of my father's gaff and said, "OK then, I hope you come back," and walked away briskly. What a tool. CLEARLY he is uncaring about this business or the food. There wasn't ANY apology even a perfunctory one. There wasn't ANY remorse. He said he would "taste it out back" at one point... oh yeah? When? Later when it doesn't matter? It is totally sickening to go to a restaurant and have them deliver TOXIC food and expect you to pay for it without complaint. A simple sincere apology and a gesture of good faith would have been heartily welcomed. We could have walked out the door with no bill credits and STILL been happy if he hadn't been anything less than an idiot. But, he apparently wanted to inform us all very clearly of his assholish and rigid stance against customers, and he succeeded mightily. If you go and get one of the piccatas... take extra blood pressure medicine and pray you don't die, and given the food temperature issues, you might pray for immunity to foodborne illnesses too. I've spent many years traveling and I could fight off just about anything... thank god.
