y6R_bSCYiotoUjvygVcFaQ We ordered the Italian Creek Meat Lovers, Buffalo Chicken, Kickapoo Taco Pizza, and Chicken Tenders for the dairy-allergy ridden.

The pizzas are heavily covered in cheese. Not a terrible thing, but it leaves little room for other toppings which were sparse on the Buffalo Chicken. The Meat Lovers is just that, layered with salami, Canadian bacon, pepperoni, sausage and bacon, it was by far the most popular pizza.

The chicken on the Buffalo Chicken pizza appeared blanch and tasted quite bland. It would be a better pizza if the chicken could incorporate some seasoning or a little buffalo sauce. When you bite into it, it was pretty much "Hi! Hello! Hey! I'm white meat chicken!!".

Since we ordered to-go, the romaine lettuce, tortilla chips, sour cream, as well as the salsa were packaged separately from the pizza as to not swelter the crispness of the toppings with the hot pizza. It had potential to be great, but again the cheese overpowered the rest of the flavors.

On the way back from picking up our order, we realized we didn't get the accompanying chicken tenders with our order. After a phone call to the restaurant, we were told that she had simply "forgot". *sigh* 

After doubling back, the "tenders"  were the only remaining hot items of the order. This was kind of infuriating since these kind of pizzas do not taste good lukewarm (again it might be the overpowering amount of cheese that turned hard). The tenders are not actual tenders, more like flattened pieces of chicken breast. Unremarkable, most likely not hand breaded or made in house.

When ordering, the gave us the option of beef or chicken for the Kickapoo Taco Pizza which is not noted on the menu. Just to keep in mind for those of you that crave a chicken taco pizza instead.

You have a choice of picking thin crust, hand-tossed, whole wheat or gluten-free for an additional $3. There was no discerning difference between the hand-tossed and whole wheat, both had the same thickness.

I recall the first time I saw them were their New Glarus entity that's located on a bike trail and always looked hopping. I'm glad to have tried the much talked about Sugar River Pizza, but disappointed I was not wowed.
