y769FA7VJOW4QQYdYlR62A I made a reservation here for my coworkers and myself for dinner. There were 7 of us so we definitely needed a reservation. I am not sure if they normally take reservations since the location is rather small. It is self order, so you go to the counter to order and pay, but they bring the food to you. 

We didn't know that it was self-order, so we sat at our table for a good 15 minutes and no one came over to us. Finally we went up to the bar and asked, and they told us that we had to come up... odd that they wouldn't have told us that when we checked in. The cashier was not very friendly/helpful. Someone in our group asked about white wines they had and she pointed behind her to the wall that had the bottles on it. Now we could see those, but it is hard to read what kind it is when it is up on a shelf... 

Most everyone ordered wine with the exception of one person who ordered a beer. When the wine came, we asked for waters (which never came), but the wine was honestly about half of what you would expect in a standard pour at a restaurant. The beer was poured into one of those plastic glasses that you would get at a cafeteria or a golden corral. It w just really weird that they didn't have glass beer glasses because the wine came in Ridel glasses. Just peculiar

We waited over an hour for our food to be delivered. The restaurant did seem to be almost full, but just would never have expected that kind of wait. People all around us who came in later got served well before we did. 

When we finally did get our food, it was delicious! The portions were huge! All the girls had leftovers for lunch as did a few of the boys. 

When we were just about finished, one of the managers came up to us and apologized for the long wait. He said he was going to bring desserts for us complimentary to the table. He brought us like 2 of each of the desserts they had that night (3 dessert plates)... They were quite good and honestly really made me feel a lot better about waiting... It was not as if they were just ignoring us, I guess they were just understaffed or something.

Just as a note, the reason for the missing 4th star is not because of the wait time, as they recognized that and tried to amend it, but rather for the servers never bringing water, being rude when we were ordering, and the minimal wine pours... 

Overall, I will try to go back again as it really was good food. I will just not be ordering wine.

** Edit **

Went back again. Ordered a salad and a pasta. I was able to eat about 1/4 of each. Portions are so huge. The service this time was a complete opposite from the time I came before. From order to me leaving the entire process was 30 minutes and the server checked on me twice asking if things were ok. Great experience. Personally, I enjoyed the pesto pasta that  I got the first time a bit better than the pasta that I ordered this time, the Carbonara.  Still good, just a personal reference, could be that I adore pesto... but either way, great service this time, quick, lots of food, and polite!
