yA6dKNm_zl1ucZCnwW8ZCg When we came in the server was on the phone, so he just pointed us in. 

I'm not going to comment on prices since it's kind of telling with the location and all, but it's not a place I would afford to go to often.

The place houses a prominent bar, which was where all the people were at. We were early, the only ones sitting at a table. The windows were open which let in a lot of light, which was nice because the decor is 95% black. 

When the complementary bread came out, the bread and butter was cold. The butter seemed like it just thawed from being in a freezer. Cold bread is never, ever appetizing. This was incredibly disappointing because I have had GREAT breads at franchised restaurants, even. 

We had two appetizers: calamari and fried zucchini. The calamari was OK. The breading was so light it was almost unnoticeable. I did like how fresh the squid tasted. The zucchini was like getting a plate of sauteed zucchini. Breading was falling off and it looked extremely soggy. Also, we noticed the plate looked full because of fried battered pieces, not zucchini.

My boyfriend ordered the bass, oreganata (sp?) style, which was under pasta in a lemon butter sauce. His dish looked good but he couldn't finish it because it was a bit greasy and heavy for him. 

I had the cannelloni florentine, which was supposed to have veal and chicken inside it. The crepes were good (lol). The mixture inside looked like shredded, overprocessed.. something. The meat had a creamy texture, which is just weird. It was overloaded with cheese and cream sauce. I didn't enjoy it. 

Also, despite it being not busy, our waiter was rushed with us. Not sure why. When it started to get more crowded, he spent more time with people. Don't know if it was us or he decided to step up bc there were more people. 

Overall I might try something that doesn't have a lot of cheese but I don't think I could persuade my bf to come back. I'm not that eager to, either.

I rated this based on what the rating caption said. The whole experience was just "meh".
