YcU8pVXAFxybe8aiOBQOcw On our way to Mustachio, I noticed there as a pretty big take away counter just off the stairs to the basement level of the south building.  I made a mental note of it as I saw these giant pizzas being taken out of their oven and the smell made me want to grab a few slices.  A few days later, I popped back into SLM and headed over to this great little place.  St. Larence Pizza & Ice Cream sells more than just those two but they also sell fresh pasta to go and also for you to cook at home.  With everything from spinach, tomato, and filled raviolis, it was pretty amazing to look at.  Though I wouldn't say this place is a 4 star for food quality... it's definitely above average.  So maybe a 3.5 star place?

This particular lunch trip, I zero'd in on the pizza.  Seeing how I got there at quarter to noon, most of the pizzas were super fresh still and only a small line was here.  The guy working the counter was friendly and smiling as he asked me what I wanted.  I asked him if he had any veggie options and he told me that a fresh mushroom and pesto pizza just came out.  Score!  The slice I got was pretty big.  It was just as big as Pizza Pizza slices and just as affordable.  The difference is quality.  You can see the guy working the dough, pouring sauces, and placing fresh toppings (not canned!) onto the pizza before sliding them into oven.  Considering it's only $3 for such a big flavourful piece, I think it's a steal and possibly the best pizza fast food option in the Financial District area.  The pesto was bright and bold but not too oily.  The mushrooms were nicely charred at the corners so it added another depth to the earthy taste.  I like my pizza light sauced and this place fit the bill.  It had a bit of a tang from the tomato's acidity but balanced with some good seasoning.  The weakest link of the pizza was the crust sadly.  It's not lovingly charred like Pizza e Pazzi or Pizza Libretto but this place doesn't use a wood fire or coal oven either.  It was soft in the middle to the point you couldn't hold it to eat it that way.  You needed a fork and knife.  It didn't have a strong flavour either.  But for $3 and a huge piece with great toppings... you can't beat it.

I love supporting local and unique eateries and this place is a definite go for me when I'm told to work in the Financial District.  I haven't tried their pastas but considering how great my first experience was, I'm willing to try it the next time I'm there.
