Ye2WDL6sA66605igAbKGFg This would be one of my standard 3 star reviews had the service been a wee bit more attentive.  But with mediocre, generic Italian food and absentee service, I can't give them anything more than 2 stars.

We came here to catch up with two of our friends, and the location was between their neck of the woods and where we're staying.  It's located in this somewhat interesting power center-cum-lifestyle center (i.e. it's anchored by a Walmart but they put all of the restaurants on a side street to have more of a "Main Street feel.")  

Anyways, the decor inside looked nice.  We were seated at a half-booth and I liked the glass tile walls and the gray-on-wood shades were both modern and classy.  Once we were seated, our whole table received menus and bread, and shortly thereafter, water.  The bread was as generic as can be - had the same taste and texture as the baguettes they'd serve in my res dining hall when I lived in Toronto.  As in, bland with a cottony texture.  On the upside, they serve it with both butter and oil & vinegar.

Fortunately, we had good conversation; had this been a meeting with people we didn't like as much or a first date or the like, this could have gone into a downhill spiral.  It took some "eyeing of the waitress" and eventually flagging down to get any service - we were never asked if we wanted any drinks.  Eventually, a waitress came to our table and we asked if she was our server and she replied "there's two of us, so I can be."  Hmmmm?  

J & I shared the pizza bruschetta, our friends shared the cesar salad, and each couple ordered one pizza and one pasta.  The appetizers were served fairly quickly.  I liked the thin crust on the pizza bruschetta but the bruschetta mix was exactly what we're able to buy at any grocery store in the GTA.  My pasta (the one with rapini & sundried tomato and a garlic-olive oil sauce) was extremely bland with the exception being the rapini, which was overly bitter.  J said his pizza "was alright."  

Which again brings us back to the service.  Our water glasses were rarely - if ever - refilled.  I asked for a refill of my Diet Coke, and one was never offered to J; they do charge you again for refills despite it being a fountain drink, so be careful as they're expensive to start with!  It seemed like we either had to wait an inordinate amount of time or find the waitress ourselves to get any service - even picking up the check.  

Since we don't live in the area, we weren't planning to come back, but I can't recommend this just because part of dining out is being able to enjoy the experience and the company, and when you're given bad service that really degrades the experience.
