yGg7O0ATbMzoxrLvByzp2g Sitting in our hotel room, after being in Montreal for nearly a week my wife and I were tired and were looking for something close to get a good dinner at.  Let the search on Yelp begin.  Looking on the map we came across Elixor.  Close by and in the opposite direction of all the traffic, we thought we could not go wrong. 

When approaching the restaurant, which is attached to a shopping center, I was not expecting to be dazzled by décor on the inside.  However, upon entering Elixor both my wife and I were stunned.  It felt almost grand, something like you would expect in Las Vegas.  Tall golden pillars held the ceiling up and all the booths had large oversized backs.

We were sat promptly by a great host.  This is where all the quick service stopped.  It took our server nearly 10 minutes to come and bring us our first drinks, which were just water.  From there it took another 10-15 minutes for her to come back and get our food order.  From this point, we didn't see her again for nearly 10 minutes.  The food runner thankfully filled our glasses for us after dropping the food of at our table.  I ordered the Yucatan Chicken and at this point was not expecting much based on the service.  However, the food was shockingly good.  My chicken was cooked perfect with a crispy skink and a juicy interior.  The Mexican style rice was seasoned perfectly and tasted incredible.  The mango salsa was definitely fresh and a welcomed addition to the plate.  After finishing our food and our server took our plates, she once again disappeared.  Waiting nearly 15 minutes to get our check and pay.  By the time we were leaving the restaurant both my wife and I felt frustrated.  The only saving grace for the restaurant was the food, but to me, service is equally if not slightly more important than the food.  If a restaurant service decent food but has impeccable service people will remember that.  If the food is the best and the service is miserable, the miserable aspect is all that people will remember about the restaurant.
