YJS7cXGLAvWw9DUDXpw84Q Oh Babbo. I love you, but you've done me wrong this time. 

I have been to Babbo a few times and a few different locations. The first Babbo experience i had was the one located in Cave Creek, and it was amazing. I was eating dairy then, and had the Alfredo Supreme. The bread at the table is so good. And I tried one of my sisters zucchini chips. Those are addicting. The next two times I went to the Babbo located in Phoenix. I had the chalkboard menu with the portabello with beets and brussels sprouts. It was good, but greasy. The side of vegetables were dried out and gross though. The time after that I was no longer eating dairy, so I had the Roasted Brussels SproutBeet Salad with no cheese, and I really liked it.

I had been waiting for this location in Tempe to open up for quite awhile. I drove by the space a few months ago and when it said "Babbo coming soon!" I got so excited. I added Babbo to my facebook and waited for the day that it opened. Well, last week we got the chance to finally go and we decided to take my mom for her birthday dinner. 

From the start, we could tell the experience was not going to be that great. It was busy, which was because it had just opened. But this location has such a small waiting area. You are almost forced to stand outside in the 100 degree heat to wait for a table. It took us about twenty minutes to get a table, which wasn't that bad. We had noticed when we walked in that there was this fat old guy in a chefs hat circling the tables. We were making jokes about how the chef should be in the kitchen, and not visiting tables. If he was the chef and wasn't cooking, who was? Anyways, we sat down and looked at our menus. I noticed the new roasted garlic hummus and we ordered that. I double checked with the waitress that there was no dairy in it and told her that I also have a dairy allergy as well as being vegan. So after we ordered that and it came out we ordered dinner. My husband ordered the Amalfi pizza, I ordered the brussels sprout beet salad again with no cheese, and my mom ordered a pasta dish. The hummus came out and it was pretty darn amazing. I wanted to order like a tub of it to take it home with me. I am going to have to go home and experiment with roasted garlic in my hummus. We seemed to be waiting a long time for our food, which also was expected because it was so busy. Not once, but TWICE, the old fat guy in the chefs hat came by to see how we were doing. He saw both times we had no food and claimed he was going to go find out about why it was taking so long but instead he just walked to the next table. 

So probably another ten minutes goes by and finally the food comes out, and before the waiter has even dropped the food on the table I already see there is cheese on my salad. Before he sets it down I tell him I ordered it with no cheese because I am allergic. So he tells me he is going to get me a new one. Less than a minute later the salad comes back and he goes "Ok we just did a quick swap" Which I assumed meant they had another one ready back there and gave me a new one. No, it meant he went back there and scraped off the cheese and gave me the same salad. NOTE TO RESTAURANTS EVERYWHERE: this does not fool customers even in the slightest. I have had multiple establishments do this to me in the past and I can always tell. They seem to think the customer is retarded and can't see the tiny specs of cheese still clinging to lettuce leaves. So I refuse to eat it of course, and the waitress comes back and I tell her that the cheese has just been scraped off and there is still some in the actual salad. She tells me how sorry she is and goes to make me a new one. It was another fifteen minutes before I received a new one, which at that point I just wanted to go home. The manager, I am assuming, and the old fat chef come to the table to tell me how sorry they are and how inexcusable it was. They made the excuse that the cook was new, but I am sorry, that shouldn't happen anywhere. Food allergies are a serious thing and cooks should receive training on it before they even step foot in the kitchen. 

So we eat and finish, and here is the part that makes me angry. The waitress comes by and tells us to save room for dessert because its on them. Uhhh.... I don't eat dairy or eggs, yet they are going to salvage their mistake with dessert? Makes a whole lot of sense. NOT! So instead of offering to take off my salad for my inconvenience they don't do anything, and we didn't get dessert.

And then here is the kicker.... My husband ended up in the hospital the next morning at 5am because the pizza he ate here was so greasy, it aggravated his gallstones (which were diagnosed that morning at the hospital) and now he has to have surgery to have his gallbladder removed. So thanks for that Babbo.

I am giving this one star because my experience here was just so outrageous, it felt like a bad joke that I didn't get the punchline to.
