YJS7cXGLAvWw9DUDXpw84Q Yes, I've experienced better.  Much better.  Many times.

Don't get me wrong, it isn't BAD.  It's fine.  Especially when they have a promo and you get the entree for $7 instead of $13.50.  Which we did.  For $7 it's OK.  For $13.50 I would be very unhappy.

The special was their chicken parmesan.  A standard dish in most Italian restaurants.  One knows what to expect.  Well, what we got were two relatively small strips of chicken on a bed of pasta.  They had been breaded and fried (I don't think they baked them, but I suppose it's possible).  Which is fine.  Except they were overcooked.  Not moist at all.  And where one would expect melted cheese and sauce on this...well, that's not how they did it.  They put sauce on it (which is fine) and then shavings of cheese.  So you have these shavings of cheese which fall off your fork as you're trying to eat because they aren't melted into the dish.  It might look nice when they bring it out, but from a flavor standpoint you're not getting cheese in most of your bites.  Most of my cheese ended up in the pasta that remained after I had finished the chicken.  The sauce was OK.  Nothing spectacular, but it was fine.

Also, usually I would have leftover to take home.  As I get older I find I eat a lot less than I did when I was in my 20s.  So usually I end up taking half my entree home with me.  But not here.  I finished it.  Now I will grant that I was ready to stop when there were perhaps two bites of pasta left so I just finished it since that wasn't enough to bother packing.  So I did leave 'full'.  But this tells me the portion size is a bit small.  And, as I said earlier, for $13.50 I would have been annoyed with that, especially given the overall quality of the dish (which was average, at best).

I signed up for their email club while we were waiting for our food.  But I doubt I will utilize any coupons they send me.  There are too many good options out there to spend my money here.

Service was very good, though.  The server was cheerful and sufficiently attentive.
