-t2b2DaLhrb2-Ngv8Tvw9w UPDATE: After several visits, I can say that the food is simply not worth eating. The only reason to come here is the drink specials: No corkless charge BYOW on Tues and Thurs, $4.50 martinis on Fridays and $5 pints on weekends

The bruschetta tastes fishy (I've had it twice).
The pasta is boxed, dried pasta in very unmemorable sauce (tastes canned).
I had pieces of bone in my chicken on the chicken pizza (the chicken is not even cooked in house).
The Mangicake pizza is just not pleasant. The salami they use has a very fatty, greasy texture and the flavour is too earthy, rather than meaty and salty.
The pizza crust is very bland - enhanced only by the chili oil (which is pretty tasty)

Just stick to a salad, I guess. i haven't tried any of those but it's hard to mess up a salad, right? 

Prior review to follow:

I really want to like this place because the drink specials are fantastic and it's a nice, intimate atmosphere. I came here for the corkless Tuesdays (no corkage fee) so I could actually bring a good bottle of wine to share for my friend's birthday. It was very quiet when I arrived. The server was friendly and attentive. I had ordered the pasta here once before and knew it was boxed (I had the Penne Amore and it tasted like Italpasta in Classico sauce), but we were by the open kitchen, so I asked the chef anyway. He answered honestly that the pasta was dried and recommended the pizza. 

FYI: If the pizza description doesn't say "mozzarella," it doesn't have it. 

Ordered the special - chicken, goat cheese, pesto, sun-dried tomatoes and added some mozzarella ($16). It was actually tasty with the "spicy" oil they have at the table. Sadly, on my second piece of pizza I bit into something hard and unbreakable. I (yuckily) yanked it out and it was a tiny piece of bone. Didn't want to make a big deal so i kept eating but then came across another tiny bone piece! This was after some fishy-tasting bruschetta ($7), as well. I told our waitress and she apologized and took the pizza off our bill.  She said the chicken is not cooked in house, either. I think this place lacks quality control. Would love to see them cook their own meat and pasta in house and at a higher quality. The prices are not cheap enough ($14-18) to justify boxed pasta, canned sauces and mass-produced cooked chicken with pieces of bone still attached. 

But I will probably come back because the drink specials are so good.
