yNVcnSaMSrTmjJBMrHTy9w PLEASE READ, DO NOT EAT HERE!!!!!

Just for the record, I have been working in the restaurant industry for several years from Michelin rated to casual. Therefore, I know good food, and bad food, when I see it.

Battista's Hole in the Wall is the absolute worst restaurant I have ever been to. Listed below are all the reasons why:

1. The Hostesses. All the hostesses were cold and unfriendly. Did not smile or welcome us. When asked to be seated they told us we had to have our whole party there (understandable for large parties) but we were a party of 4, 2 of us were there. When asked to see a menu, they handed us a paper menu with ZERO descriptions and when asked about the descriptions, they informed us that our server would inform us.

1. The Server. When seated the was extremely clueless. He asked us several times if we had any questions, yet when we asked him questions he did not know. We asked him to explain the menu, and he pointed to the menu on the wall and told us to look at it. When asked what beers there were he told us all kinds, then only mentioned 2. He was very un attentive and took forever to do anything. 

3. According player. As you "enjoy complimentary" soup/salad and bread, Gollum from The Lord of the Rings comes to your table and tells you (not asks) to play your party a song. Then, he awkwardly stands there until you reluctantly reach into your pocket/purse to give him a tip. 

4. The Food. The food was awful. The dishes are pre-made ($25+) meals which are extremely unappetizing. Literally, they tasted like TV dinners. We had Chicken Alfredo, Chicken Parmesan, and Beef Ravioli. Everyone hated they're dishes.

5. Cover Charge. Considering I hated my meal, I returned it to the server assuming he would take it off the check. He did not. Only after requesting it's removal, the check is returned with a "cover charge." He did not tell us what this was and when asked, he informed us that "when someone doesn't order a dish a cover charge is done to cover the "included" soup/salad/bread. In my case since I sent my dish back, they decided to charge me $12 for their awful starters. 
 
From start to finish I had the absolute worst experience I have ever had at a restaurant and left hungry. Please do not waste your time/money on this place. I would give it no stars if I could. At this rate, Battista's will surely go out of business.
