yNVcnSaMSrTmjJBMrHTy9w Batista's was recommended to my husband and myself by a coworker and I wish we hadn't heeded her suggestion...

The ambiance in the place was cluttered and cloistering.   I get what they are going for, an obviously have been working on it forever, but the place could really use a sprucing up after all these years...

There are no menus they are just plastered on the walls ...EVERY wall. Entrees run $28 to $38 dollars and include free house wine (which should be a trigger) soup or salad, garlic bread, a pasta side if your entee does not include pasta, and a cup of cappuccino.

Maybe I'm a food snob, but this place needs Kitchen Nightmares called on it!  To start with, the free house wine tasted like grape juice and vinegar and was completely undrinkable. The salad was served overdressed in Italian dressing, which made the lettuce soggy.  This was the oddest salad I'd ever been served.  It included a single black olive, a single grape tomato, one whole pepperoncini, sliced carrots, a huge slice of salami, and a big chunk of cheese.  The "garlic" bread did not taste of garlic at all. It just tasted like Parmesan cheese and Italian seasoning on really greasy bad bread.  My husband ordered the shrimp scampi and he said that the shrimp was pretty good but the rest was just average. I ordered the chicken parmesan. The pasta side dish with cooked fine and the sauce was not bad. The chicken was cooked properly but the giant hunk of melted mozzarella did nothing to cover up the fact that the breading on the chicken soggy and tasteless.   The topper was the side of creamed spinach... call 1973 they want their side dish back!  Our water was served in plastic cafeteria cups and the cup of cappuccino at the end of the meal was served in a plastic mug.  It tasted like powdered cappuccino mix, but was honestly probably the best part of the meal!

I would give Battista's 1 star for the food but the service was not bad so I'm giving them 2.  What we thought might be a rare gem off the strip turned out to be nothing to write home about...  Don't bother wandering off to a bad part of town looking for good food... stay in your hotel.. there's bound to be better food there!
