yNVcnSaMSrTmjJBMrHTy9w We happened across this gem after stopping by an info booth at Paris and asking for a good italian restaurant recommendation inside Paris or Bally's so we didn't have to go outside in the cold. The woman coyly asked "Do you want a good place?", which of course we answered yes. She told us about Battista's, mentioning more than once that it was the best in town and it was owned by the mob. We asked if it was expensive and she said no, because it was owned by the mob and it wasn't in one of the casinos. We were sold and were happy to make the quick walk outside and across the street to check it out.

The ambiance is charming. A sweet man was working outside and opening the door for guests to get in from the cold. Once inside, it was dark and cluttered with random memorabilia of all kinds. We knew immediately this was going to be good. It's what a lot of restaurant chains try to accomplish but this place did authentically. It was going to be an hour to an hour and a half wait, but neither of us seemed to mind, so we grabbed a seat in the bar area and had a glass of wine and some calamari.  The calamari was very tender and a good snack while we waited. 

We were seated about an hour later, taken to the back corner of one of the seating sections. Every meal comes with soup or salad, garlic bread, free house wine (red or white) and a homemade cappuccino. All for about $25 for the basic half of the menu, up to $35 for some of the fancier options. They only have 25 items on their menu, and I'm sure they make them all exactly like your sweet Italian grandmother would. It was comfort food at it's best. The salad was simple, but a nice start to the meal. The garlic bread was perfect, toasted so it was crunchy on the outside with a garlic mixture and cheese on top. Once the entrees came, we were just so pleased. The portions were hearty, and you could taste the tradition and love that went into the food. It was simple and classic and delicious! The wine isn't incredible, but it's not bad either, and pairs very well with the food (I'm guessing they use the same wine to cook with). And where else on the strip can you get a full meal for $25 that includes all the wine you can drink?!?

Then, the perfect ending to the meal was the cappuccino they bring you (also included). It comes topped with whipped cream and has a lovely flavor (maybe amaretto?) that just made me melt into my seat in our cozy little corner of the restaurant. It was the perfect ending to our meal experience, no additional dessert required (though it's available if you want to add it on). 

And Gordy! Gordy is the sweet, little (seriously, he is tiny) old man that walks around playing the accordion (and has been since 1981). As he approached our table, I wasn't trying to avoid making eye contact like i would most musicians in restaurants when I'm trying to eat. He was just cheerful and pleasant and adorable. He played a short song for me and my friend and was just cuter than words can describe. 

If you are looking for deluxe, high end italian fusion, Battista's in not the place for you. If you are looking for a great, classic italian meal experience, you don't want to miss this place (my friend said she hadn't had cooking like this since she was in Italy about a year ago). AND, all for a total of about $25! This is definitely on the list of places we will always stop by when we come to Vegas!
