4VkLiFoIEjTTpbCRgxjnCQ For lack of a better intro to this review... Holy Crap. To call this place amazing wouldn't do it justice. It's rare to come across a restaurant that's not a chain off the strip, that just gets everything right... Spaghetti Western accomplishes that. We have passed by this place multiple times, but weren't sure about it. We've ate at all the other spots in this shopping center, but always skipped by this place for one reason or another. I saw a Groupon and decided that now would be as good of a time as any, low risk, high reward. Today I took my family here for lunch and we will definitely be back. We ordered the bruschetta to start, which was pretty well done. It tasted more like a vinaigrette on top of tomatoes than olive oil and herbs...but it was still delicious. We ordered the chicken Milanese for our son, my wife order the linguini scampi, and I went with a basic...spaghetti and meatballs. I always hear from all of the great chefs that when you go to a new place it's nice to sample the menu, but always start with something basic... if they get the basics right it's truly a good restaurant.. I've never dined at a place where that was more true. The sauce and meatballs were probably the most perfect I've had, and I come from an Italian family. My wife's scampi was perfect, and my son's chicken was very well seasoned and the potatoes were perfectly done. To quote my wife " it's like they have a team of great grandmother's from Italy in the back working non stop". After the meal my wife ordered the tiramisu and my son had the chocolate puffed pastry. They were both extremely happy and satisfied. 

The service was really good, only negative was the pace of meal. My son's food came out with the appetizer and we were done eating for a while before the server came to offer desert and coffee. Our drinks were never empty and we never needed for anything, so the rest is just knit picking. 

If you haven't tried this place, make sure you do. It is hands down the best Italian restaurant you can find in Las Vegas.
