Yo8ODT7aFMM2xKUd1yaBVw So you need a car or transportation.  This is in a shopping area called The District neighboring the Green Valley Ranch hotel, about 12 miles from the Tropicana end of strip.  If you're in the area, give it a try.  The shops were empty.  The only thing busy on a Tuesday night was this restaurant.  On this night it was a bit too busy.  It seems a company decided to have dinner for at least 50 employees who took up a good portion of the place, which is fine, except it made it impossible to talk.  The acoustics were not good.  So loud.  Seems like this wasn't a good mix of regular diners and a company party.  I would have suggested they book the whole place for the evening.  The bread to start was yummy.  The house cabernet delicious, nice and dry.  The margarita pizza was good.  Pasta is house made and delicious.  Sauces good.  Family run.  Decent portion of food.  But a couple of issues that really shouldn't happen here.  The waiter seemed very rushed and that we had arrived before the company employees were seated.  Waiter did his best to check on us but he was always flying by the table.  I felt like if I asked a question it would interrupt him.  He must have had too much to do to serve his customers more attentively.  In part because he was in a hurry he took my order incorrectly.  I usually order chicken picatta, one of my favorite dishes and I've eaten it in many restaurants.  When it arrived it was chewy and looked light brown instead of white. Definitely not the tender chicken that comes with picatta.  But I was hungry and it took quite awhile to get the food so I didn't question it, just figured I'd ordered a dish that wasn't good.  A bit of a disappointment.  When the bill came I noticed it said veal picatta, not chicken picatta.  As it turns out he took down the wrong order.  Normally I would have said something about it tasting bland and not tender but again, he was in a big hurry and I was hungry.  This kind of ruined the rest of the meal because I don't like veal picatta, haven't ordered in years and normally don't eat meat.  I wish I would have had an opportunity to taste the chicken picatta.  When I pointed out the discrepancy on the bill he apologized and took the dinner off the check, which was very nice.  But my stomach felt a bit queasy the rest of the evening.  Honestly all the times I've ordered chicken picatta I've never had a waiter bring me the wrong thing.  They need to slow down a bit here and listen more closely.  I think the dishes are probably pretty good here.  And the owner is right on site.  He was really busy too or I would have said something.  Just don't order the veal.  I'd stick to pasta and happy hour...
