yRUZ_sIxV6FyNygZD6MNTg Date night! An excuse to get dressed up and try a "fancier" resto.

We arrived around 5:00 on a Friday and the restaurant was half full.  We were seated at a cozy table for two in the back corner by the mural.  They do have bruschetta on the menu, but they also give it to you complimentary along with some plain bread.  I enjoyed the bruschetta but the crust was a little too hard for my gums.  Other than that, all flvours were present. I decided to order my go to veal parm and the bf got the stuffed chicken.  We also ordered a ceasar salad to start which was a pretty generous portion.  We mentioned to the waiter that we were going to share and they split the order onto two plates before serving. Nice! The salad was generously dressed but was missing a certain something.  Maybe not enough garlic?  It was still enjoyable though.  Our mains didn't take too long to come out.  Very big portion.  My boyfriend and I were not a big fan of the pasta..  It was pretty large in size and not as soft as I would've liked it to be.  I prefer a smaller penne that they use in most restaurants. The veal was nice and cheesy.  No complaints.  My boyfriend's stuffed chicken was exactly how I make mine, which is obviously bombass.  For dessert,I HAD to try their tiramisu.  It was odd looking and I don't understand how they got it onto the plate lol.  I was not a fan of it and would not order again.  The cake portion was a little too dense.  There was so much cream.  Yes, it was light, but all the ingredients did not mesh well together.  I felt like it was just everywhere. My boyfriend enjoyed the lightness of the cream though.  

The only thing I kind of got 'sad' about lol, is when I asked our waiter to take a photo of us before our meal, he said he was too busy and would come back later.  He wasn't rude or anything about it, but I just felt so rejected lol.  No one has ever turned me down at a restaurant when I've asked to take a picture,  I understand he was busy, I just felt so *insert mouth open emoji*.  He did come back, of course while were eating and I politely declined.  Helllooo, we're eating.  At the end of everything, he did end up taking our photo.  

Another thing was that he seemed annoyed when he brought our bill unannounced and then I told him I had a $10 off coupon.  He didn't come back to our table after dessert and I kept trying to get his attention to ask for the bill.  He ended up just coming with the bill without us asking.  I WOULD have told him beforehand, if I had gotten his attention.   He was just deadass so busy. Other than those two things, meal and atmosphere was good.  Every table was full by the time we left.  All servers are older males.  Think servers at La Castile or Zorro's.
