yrZrnWdBR4pE21vcgv8KHw Meh.
Went with the hubs for dinner last night. The first thing I noticed was the smoke filling the restaurant. The rear door was open and you could literally see smoke billowing out of the place. Supposedly, the pizza oven is 'temperamental'. So we all had to eat with the stench of burnt pizza crust filling our nostrils. By the end of the meal I couldn't wait to get out of there.
Service was poor. The server was the most hyper girl I have ever met..when she made it to our table. Somehow the service was slooooooow even though they had 3 servers covering the small restaurant. How does that happen? Maybe because the setup of the place is ridiculous. The pizzas come from another kitchen downstairs so the servers were constantly running up and down the stairs from the basement to the first floor to bring pizzas, bread etc up. I actually felt bad for them.
The food: I had the beet salad (felt like a light meal) and hubs had a pasta, house made, with meat ragu. We shared the burrata. 
The crusty bread that comes first was amazing. Yum!
Burrata was yummy but minuscule. Really? It was about 3oz. Tiny. Burrata should be served big enough so that it can be broken open and the luscious soft middle comes out. Then you can scoop it up with bread/toasts. Wasn't happening here. Disappointed.
The beet salad was great - a bit bland though. Nice mix of of purple, pink, and golden beets, with a chunk of creamy goat cheese on top. Some arugula with balsamic and olive oil dressing was beneath the beets. I could have used some toasted walnuts or pine nuts. Y husband had the pasta with ragu - the pasta (I forget the Italian name for it) was a unique shape - sort of like dried peach halves - but tasted like it was raw dough. Seriously - I like weir textures and doughy stuff so I liked it, but that stuff was raw. It was chewy and doughy. I have no idea how he ate most of it. The ragu was tasty.
We had no dessert, but the ones on the menu looked good..
Overall, there are much better restaurant in the city. I don't need to go back to asphyxiate for mediocre food at Lil Baci.
