YstdDnNa6h_ms3Ys7Pz4uQ My boyfriend and I are visiting Phoenix this week and last night and we deiced to dine here at the Carrabba's in Avondale. In short, the food was AMAZING, our server Robert was INCREDIBLE and our overall experience was PERFECT.

 We were greeted by a sweet young lady that quickly seated us at a table where we were more than comfortable and eagerly awaiting our Server. We took a while to browse the menu and make our choices but Robert was so kind, patient, attentive and moreover, extremely helpful in guiding us through and advising us on the dishes and the menu options. We ordered the salad with Italian dressing and they were divine, fresh greens, tomatoes and flawlessly ripened olives with a perfectly tangy Italian dressing. The complementary Carrabba's bread was equally wonderful, accented with olive oil and Carrabba's herb seasoning mix. My boyfriend, being a vegetarian went with the Baked Ravioli Parmesan which was Panko breaded ravioli filled with five Italian cheeses, lightly fried then baked and topped with pomodoro sauce, romano and mozzarella cheese of which, he loved. I had the Fettuccine Carrabba which was Fettuccine Alfredo with wood-grilled chicken, sautéed mushrooms and peas. As suggested by Robert, Carrabba's open kitchen made it exactly to my specs with extra mushrooms and peas and even with extra Alfredo sauce on the side in a separate bowl. My plate was heaping full with moist chicken, firm pasta and topped with immaculately cooked mushrooms and peas. As suggested by Robert we finished our dining experience with the John Cole desert, a glorious creation consisting of Vanilla ice cream, caramel sauce and roasted cinnamon rum pecans, just AWESOME! And while I am not big on ice cream, this desert was no mere ice cream. It was so delicious, the ice cream had a marvelously icy yet creamy texture, the caramel sauce was balanced perfectly and while I hate nuts, once having tried the roasted cinnamon rum pecans. I made sure to include some in every bite. I left Carrabba's stuffed and so satiated I was on the verge of falling asleep. For the quality of the food, personal attention and overall professionalism the moderate cost was well worth the experience.

 In closing, I would with all my heart, recommend to anyone, that you reward yourself with the overwhelmingly pleasurable experience of dining at the Carrabba's in Avondale. The atmosphere is wonderful and they are staffed with some of the most professional and pleasant people I have ever had the pleasure of being served by. I am still taken by just how wonderful our evening was. A special thanks to our extraordinary server Robert, we loved you and Carrabba's is lucky to have you in their employ!
