YXvXE2p6xeg6a11SMIjQ3w Ive heard people who are active online daters say that "no one ever puts a bad photo of themself on the internet".  So when you see a terrible pic of someone, it is what it is, a terrible pic....of THEM. Such is the case with Crust's 3.5 star reviews. That's not an unflattering photo, er I mean review, they weren't the victum of crazies or hostile hard to please reviewers, that's reality. They have 3.5 stars for good reason and 3.5 is generous. This place is terrible. Aside from the kitchen being very slow, the food stinks. We had the chicken kale salad, it was decent, but a tiny ball of goat cheese the size of a large marble isn't what I would call a salad "with goat cheese". The eggplant rolitni was ok, but the dough was undercooked so I can't say whether or not it could have been better. The pizzas were dreadful. The spinach, tomato and "fresh mozzarella" pizza was watery and soggy, presumably from the wetness of the tomato and spinach. Terrible. If this was fresh mozzarella it was very cheap quality. I've had fresh mozzarella slices on pizza many times and when cooked it never takes on a slick shiny surface. It looked like circles of white colored kraft singles and tasted like it too. The second  pizza had pesto ricotta, bacon and fresh mozzarella, the flavors were heavy and it was greasy, again the ingredients didn't taste like good quality. The crust on both pizzas was extremely thin, crunchy and browned to the point of being close to burned. This place needs to spend less time trying to ne clever by making pizzas shaped like a bicycle seat (what??) and just make a better pizza, period. Additionally, in my 45 years on earth I have NEVER seen a restaurant package up leftover pizza by putting the sluces on a flimsy paper plate and then putting the plate in a paper bag. I couldnt understand why the takeout was leaking everywhere (yes watery soggy pizza leaks) until I looked in the bag. Shocking. So that's it, no need ro give Crust another try. Plenry of delicious pizza options in town, there's just no reason to suffer at rhe hands of this place. 1 star is for the darling waitress, she was great and it wasn't her fault that this place was a train wreck. As I sit here at home writing this my stomach actually feels nauseated. Spare yourself and eat elsewhere.
