YXvXE2p6xeg6a11SMIjQ3w The short version: 
The Food: YUM
The Service: Needs help

I've been here twice in the past couple months and both times it was... Well... Definitely less than perfect.

The first time was for a friend's birthday dinner. She made a reservation weeks in advance because she knew it would be a large group - around 20 people. She arrived on the night of her birthday only to be told that they "lost her reservation" due to some kind of technical issue? And there was nowhere to seat her large party. So they pulled together a bunch of tables downstairs in the attached "speak-easy", The Ostrich, and we attempted to celebrate her birthday in the pitch dark, yelling at each other over the loud music.

I was back again last week for a dinner outing with friends. I had signed up for their loyalty program/text club earlier that day since their website advertised signing up would earn me a free order of garlic knots. After signing up, I did promptly receive a text confirming the free order. After arriving and ordering our drinks, I showed the text to our server to claim them. The server abruptly stated that they don't offer them/honor that anymore. I asked how that could be as I just saw the ad about it on their website AND received the confirming text that very same day... He then repeated that they don't do it. No apology and also no explanation as to why- very weird. I was kind of annoyed so I asked him if he could ask a manager about it... He did and then after reviewing the text on my phone again (almost acting as if I was lying?), they said they could honor it. ? Very weird. 

I ordered the vodka penne dish and they brought me some other rigatoni dish with sausage. After I alerted a runner that it wasn't what I ordered, they took the first dish away. I sat watching everyone else eat their food and eventually about halfway through their meal, I finally got the pasta I ordered. I also had a margarita as my first drink and ordered another before we got our food... Maybe 30 minutes later I finally got the second drink when everyone was done eating (I honestly thought the server had forgotten about the second drink by that time). But it wasn't even a margarita... It was a Moscow mule. By that time, I was just kinda over it and was going to let it go. My husband was frustrated and complained about the drink for me. They brought over a margarita for me as everyone was getting their checks. :| Honestly, I was pretty shocked that no manager ever came to our table after such a crappy experience and not even a small discount taken off our check. I didn't ask for one but it would have been a nice gesture since the meal was a complete disaster.

If you don't mind having crappy dinner service experiences, the food is great. The normal garlic knots as well as the spicy garlic knots are phenomenal. I love the vodka penne dish they have and others I dined with enjoyed their pizzas, seafood and a couple other pasta dishes.
