yXwD_uRBt598C2SBIvWRCg I was visiting Phoenix for my 5th wedding anniversary, and decided to check Groupon to see what deals we could get while out there...and we totally scored!  A $50 groupon for $25!  We made the reservation without any problems, and the gentleman on the phone was actually very friendly and welcoming, even after I mentioned I had a groupon, which gave me positive vibe.
We arrived on time; 8:15, walking quickly past the cotton candy, cowboy tourist attraction next door and opened the door to the large, yet intimate feeling room of a warm mediteranean bistro.  We were quickly greeted simultiously at the door by both the server and owner or manager.  Upon enterring, it seemed odd that they seated us toward the back when the whole front was empty, but we didn't dwell on it.  
Our server was very friendly and had no problems taking substitutions; as my husband wanted a vodka sauce: not on the menu...no problem!  I ordered the chicken marsala over pene; no problem!  And as an appetizer we order the special: PEI mussles casino, and ultimately a cannoli to go.
I have to admit, i was a little sad that they didn't serve fresh, warm bread and butter, but realized i was better off not filling up on that.  The mussels arrived fairly quickly, to take my mind off the bread, and while they were good, it didn't thrill me, though the sauce it was served on was fresh and bright.  My marsala, however, was very rustic and full of the wild, earthy flavors of an abundance of various  mushrooms, while the chicken was lightly dusted in flour and pan fried to juicy perfection.  My husbands dish:  unbelievable!  The smoked tea chicken breast served in vodka sauce.  It has inspired me to try to duplicate that smoking affect...cross ur fingers!  The smoked chicken added a whole new layer of flavor that I never thought to add to italian dishes.
We ended up getting the cannoli to go...we were so full, but I just had to get them.  Our server brought them to our table to show us how pretty they are before they start rolling around inside (which I discovered when i got home and dug into them.)  They were good, however, being from new york....difficult to compare to a n.y. Cannoli.  It needed a little more sweetness, and maybe a little lemon zest to liven it up.   Regardless: our entrees and service were so good, it didn't matter.
Awesome meal, great prices
