Z072pEHdos2Gjj3nMdR6uA We visited Luce this past Saturday evening for dinner.  I thought that Luce had taken over the old Coco Osteria space along Tryon St so when we arrived and it said Malabar, we were confused.  I quickly pulled out my phone to check the address.  The addresses matched.  Knowing that there is a courtyard right there, we decided to explore a bit further back.  That's when we noticed Luce tucked way back in the left corner right next to the Hearst Tower.  It's certainly not the most visible location for a restaurant.  

We booked a reservation on OpenTable.com and when we looked inside the windows and saw the crystal chandeliers and other decor, we had our doubts.  We thought maybe it was skewed to a much older crowd than us and we didn't want a "stuffy" experience, only a great meal.  After debating, we finally decided to go ahead with the reservation.  I'm so glad we did.  

Our table wasn't quite ready yet when we checked in, but we were led to the bar area to sit and wait.  We were promptly greeted by the bartender at our high-top table and he offered us drinks.  I tried a red wine from Sicily I had never heard of before.  It was an excellent choice.  It wasn't too dry or bitter.  It was just right and I really enjoyed the BIG glassful that the bartender poured.  We sat and enjoyed our wines until our table was ready.  

We were seated and promptly greeted by our server, Fabio.  Everyone with whom we came into contact was very friendly and seemed authentically Italian, as if English wasn't their first language at all.  

All of the appetizer options sounded delicious, but we ventured with the imported italian FORMAGGI (cheeses) with marinated olives.  We ordered the larger version of the appetizer (they have small and large versions for about half of the items -- appetizers and entrees -- on their menu).  We received a cupful of green olives and four triangle slices each of five different cheeses, along with some crisp bread slices.  It was definitely more than enough for two to share.  The harder cheeses had more flavor than the softer ones.   We were also brought fresh slices of bread and a bowl of a whole cannellini beans mixed with olive oil and other flavorful ingredients complimentary for each table.  It was so simple, yet so delicious.  

Next came the entrees.  I didn't want anything with red sauce, so I opted for something new:  AGNOLOTTI.  Agnolotti apparently is "ravioli."  In each ravioli was roasted veal and swiss chard, and then covered in a brown "butter, sage, and jus de veau sauce."   It was freakin' AMAZING.  And that wasn't just the effect of the delicious red wine.  My partner tried the Spaghetti Carbonara, which was very rich and creamy, covered in a white sauce.  

Unfortunately, after all that bread, beans, cheese, and pasta, we did not have room for dessert.  The cannolis were very tempting, though.  For a final good, lasting impression, our server brought us complimentary shots of deliciously sweet limoncello.  

Upon leaving, we were thanked and told goodbye by several of the waitstaff, as if we were family.  It was a fantastic, authentically Italian experience, and I look forward to returning soon!  

p.s. When our reservation was confirmed on OpenTable, it said that if you park in the Hearst Tower parking garage, you get two free hours of parking with a validated ticket from Luce during lunchtime hours, or "free" with validated ticket on evenings and weekends.  We took this to mean that you could park for more than two hours for free, but when we got our validated ticket, it was marked as "two hours."  Unsure with the conflicting information, we left and found free parking elsewhere to walk around Uptown.  So...I really don't know what the correct parking situation is there.  But at least two hours is free!
