Z0o7EnCj3fgzC7E3QRabhQ This spot wasn't even on my radar til it was featured on Groupon! My guy goes to Palace Station for the sports book, but I rarely venture in myself. This spot was a lot better than expected and is a big upgrade from the previous forgettable restaurant!

MEATBALL APP: Get it, they're just as good as sibling Pizza Rock's version. 3/$5 is enough to share, they're huge and swimming in a great sauce. Save it for dipping your pizza crusts.
HOT HOUSE MADE CALABRESE SAUSAGE: I almost didn't get this after reading the menu description that said it was sauteed in local honey, but I'm glad my guy suggested it. Spicy sausage meets sweet sauce, surprisingly balanced with good but not overwhelming heat.
CAPRESE HOUSE SPECIAL SALAD: The small is still big enough to share, but I found this salad overdressed and underwhelming. The mozz was good, but there were barely any peppers or olives. All of the produce was super fresh though.
THE STATION PIZZA: Classic meat-heavy pizza with pepperoni, salami, linguica, bacon, bell pepper, olives, tomatoes, and two types of onions. Overflowing with toppings, you can share a 9" small and still be satisfied. My guy and I both agreed we'd get this again.
CAL ITALIA: One of their featured award-winning pies, with four cheeses, sweet fig preserves, prosciutto, and balsamic drizzle. I've had similar pies and enjoyed them, but the balsamic almost overwhelmed this version. Still good, but not great.
SAUTEED SPINACH: Where can you find shareable sides for only $3 these days?! This order was a huge heap of spinach, lightly seasoned and an awesome addition to our otherwise heavy dishes. 
CARAMEL BREAD PUDDING: I'm not much of a bread pudding fan, but it was my guy's choice and it was actually pretty good. Served in a cute skillet, caramel flavors are only hints rather than a punch in the mouth, good for sharing.

Service was attentive and friendly throughout, wish I'd caught the guy's name because I'd request him again. Seat yourself, snag a cushy booth if you can. Note that they have lunch specials and HH specials to take advantage of, as well as the occasional deal up on Groupon.
