z45xS0Kc6GpiITwrpkRVdQ Wife and I came here for our 13th wedding anniversary and couldn't have been happier. Excellent service and food. Waiting staff and servers were top notch and very helpful. Our server Ioan, was charming and it was obvious he loved his job. The food was first rate.

Wife and I love to share at high end restaurants so we ordered three courses to share. Oysters to start. They were very good. I'd say go lite on the champagne provided to pour over the top of oysters, while tasty we found it to be over-powering, losing some of the flavor.  Second we had Caesar salad. Before you wonder why order a Caesar salad when you can get that anywhere, this is 100% authentic Caesar salad and it is prepared table side. Helps that our waiter told an excellent story while preparing the dish. Before the main course diners are treated to a signature bite of pasta that is absolutely scrumptious. Reminded me of one of my favorite comfort foods; tomato soup and grilled cheese. Lobster and Filet Mignon were our main course. We also ordered spinach and asparagus as sides to balance out the meal. The filet mignon was mouth-watering and delicate, but what made it so incredible was a soy-butter sauce that was drizzled over the cut, absolutely to die for. Lobster was prepared just right, not well done by any means. I would recommend both the spinach and asparagus sides to anyone dining here. The balsamic vinaigrette and caramelized pearl onions that topped the asparagus elevated the dish to something you savored. Fans of steamed spinach will not want to miss out either. Being our anniversary we were comped a deliciously delicate tiramisu. Lastly, we ordered two espressos that came with cute rock candy stirrers. Rich coffee that put an excellent cap on a perfect dinning experience.

For couples, I highly recommend asking for a booth, very intimate and worth the wait. Whether you are staying near the Fremont Experience or down on the Strip, Joe Vicari's Andiamo Italian Steakhouse is well worth a shot. It is as good at any high-end restaurant in one of the pricey hotels on the strip.
