z45xS0Kc6GpiITwrpkRVdQ Through the last 30 plus years my husband and I have been blessed to go to many restaurants and eat some of the best foods and meet some wonderful people. Living in NJ on the east coast  we would eat lobster in Maine, crabs in Maryland, fresh dug clams right on the bay where we lived, it was amazing. Also trying food all over the country from fresh steak in Texas, to pizza in NY Etc. Then we moved next to Las Vegas in Arizona and there were thousands of restaurants in Vegas with amazing food to explore. About a year ago we found ANDIAMO STEAKHOUSE in the D Casino on Fremont Street. From the moment you walk you know it's going to be to special. We just didn't realize how special it would become to us. We love clams and fresh linguini in white sauce and have had a hard time finding it on the west coast. Well I mentioned this to our waitress Sandy (I'll tell you about her later ;) ). It's wasn't on the menu so she had the chef come out introduce himself and made it special for us. The sauce was the most delicious EVER! While dinner was being prepared Sandy made our fresh Caesar salads right at the table and the dressing was fresh, and absolutely PERFECT. Now as I stated we have been many great restaurants and I'm not a person who writes review or even go on social media but in this case I felt I really had to and tell you about Sandy now "our " waitress forever. She changed how I view a night out with my husband. She has made our special night once a month or so incredible special and happy. Just to walk in and see her smile and happiness makes my entire night and we talk about our weekend the entire month anticipating the next time we get to go again. She is one of the if not the reason we keep going back again and again bringing all our family and friend when they come to visit also. we used to always go from restaurant to restaurant trying new things. Who would have ever thought we would find the perfect to spot. THIS IS IT. The incredible food. entire wait staff and of course Sandy. When you make your reservation you have to request her. She has been there forever and is one of the most amazing people I have ever met. Enjoy, I hope you enjoy it as much as we do.
