z45xS0Kc6GpiITwrpkRVdQ We decided on Joe Vicari's Andiamo Italian Steakhouse for my wife's birthday dinner because the menu consisted of steak for me and house made pasta dishes for my wife. Service was excellent and for the most part, so was the food, but unfortunately the signature steak was quite a let down.

Once you hang an immediate right at the top of the escalator to the upper floor of The D, you'll walk down the hallway to the host stand where you'll see the dessert cart to tease you and a classic old school dining room with some larger tables in the center and some larger circular booths lining the outside. We were seated in a small two top table that presented challenges for enough space throughout the meal. I would definitely recommend requesting seating in a booth for seclusion and for more space.

We were greeted immediately by our server and given the specials for the evening which included the "baby tomahawk," which is a smaller version of the signature 32 oz tomahawk which I was eyeing but was unsure if I was ready for two pounds of beef, so I was sure the mini version would be more appropriate. Hugo provided excellent service throughout the meal. The only flaw we found was that when our salumi e formaggi board was dropped off, he didn't describe which meats and cheeses were which. We figured it out, but probably someone paying $19 for the board shouldn't have to do.

Along with the tomahawk special and the meat & cheese board, we also ordered the ciao portabella and a wedge salad for starters, the paglia e fieno for the other entree, the peanut butter bar for dessert, three glasses of wine, and an espresso. The portabello mushrooms and my wife's pasta dish were the best dishes of the night. I didn't really buy into the Zip sauce when reading about it on the menu, but it was quite tasty with the meaty, earthy mushrooms.

The "baby tomahawk" is where I was most disappointed. At $68 and being a chef's special for the night, I had high expectations, but the steak was a big time disappointment. First, whoever "butchered" my cut definitely butchered it. The flavorful cap was non existent, instead the cut was bordered by inedible gristle, not marbled meat. Second, for being dry aged for 30 days, I think I strained my masseter muscle in my jaw trying to chew the meat, especially in the eye of the cut where it was leather like. When I was almost finished, I felt like I was taking a pill and had to wash down each bolus with a swig of cab. It's a rare moment when I leave a few bites of steak on my plate unfinished.

The total for the meal was $199 before tip. I wish I could excuse them and say it was an off night for the steak, but no excuses are acceptable when the steak is your signature cut and the chef special for the night. If you go, I'm sure you'll enjoy the pasta, and I hope they do better for you in executing the steak.
