ZD7ILpg1xsYoa3xCZus1uw 2.5 stars

Apparently this place has some serious Vegas roots.  They used to be over on East Tropicana and have some affiliations with Liberace but there is now a new location on the Westside attached to the bounty hunter in the Albertson's shopping center.

First things first, we had really nice service.  Our server was friendly, attentive, and hepful.  

The atmosphere leaves much to be desired since this place is attached to a bar, the bounty hunter.  There are some random booths and tables thrown in what was clearly an empty space and thats about it.  

There isn't a wine list or cocktails; just the offerings from the bounty hunter.  Um, no thank you, I don't want a Coors light with my veal.

They serve piping hot french bread,  It's crusty on the outside and chewy in trhe middle.  It's good.  

We had mussels to start.  Steamed in white wine with lots of butter, lots of garlic, and lots of chili.  They were spicy! Good flavor and cooked nice but hubs was dissapointed they were previously frozen.  

We had a cup of minestrone.  It didn't look like any vegetable soup I was used to.  It had ok flavor but was a salty brown sludge.  

Dad had the manicotti; the best item we had.  It had yummy creamy ricotta and mozarella and it was good.  

We shared veal.  I can't remember the name of the dish.  The veal was super tender, topped with copious amounts of a slurried brown sauce and sliced mushrooms.  It had spaghetti with marinara on the side.  It was not veal marsala but the sauce definitely had marsala in it, as did the sauce for the mussels.  I like the flavor of marsala but it seemed strange that it ended up in everything.  

Dad licked his spumoni dessert clean.  We shared the tortoni; essentially, vanilla ice cream mixed with frangelico then refrozen.  The presentation is awful but the iuce cream was delicious.  The basically freeze it into a little bowl.  That's it! The don't scoop it out, garnish it or anything! It tastes great though.  The refreezing with the alcohol creates these flaky ice crystals in the ice cream which is a pleasing texture.  Our bill was $50 for 2 sodas, mussels, cup of soup, 2 entrees, and 2 desserts.  Not bad.  

I think I'd be willing to give it another try but have definitely experienced better Italian food at comparable prices in Vegas.
