zEaGcSVPDQipnRdEZp-F6g My husband loving pizza and loving Dom DeMarco's, I knew this would be the perfect place to have his graduation party! I called about a month before his graduation from UNLV and was helped by Nico. We agreed that he would give us half of the patio (with heat lamps) and we worked out a price per person (as we figured about 20 people) with appetizers and pizza as well as wine and beer.

Well, as fate would have it- one of the few days that it rains and is windy happened on his day.  The assistant manager, Carl, was fabulous!!  He arranged for us to be inside with no problems.

Also, the UNLV graduation lasted about 4 hours (2 hours longer than I had planned!) and I made an emergency call to Carl and he was taking care of everything.  If anyone showed up from our party- he was serving them (without any deposit from us!) and telling everyone the situation.  My cell phone died as I was trying to reach everyone.  So needless to say, I was in super panic mode!

We got to Dom DeMarcos- our friends and family were eating and drinking and having a great time!

We had:
1. EGGPLANT PIZZETTES  9
Breaded eggplant topped with whipped ricotta, parmesan reggiano, basil and tomato sauce.
*Delicious. Even those that "don't like eggplant" liked these!
2. GRAM'S MEATBALLS SLIDERS  11
Secret family recipe of pork, beef, and veal, crispy on the outside and tender on the inside.
*These are the only meatballs I like besides my own. Juicy and full of flavor.  I usually order them lollipop style (on a stick) instead of sliders.
3. CAESAR  FULL 9, HALF 5
Hearts of romaine lettuce in creamy garlic dressing, shaved parmesan reggiano.
*Being that its my husbands grad party and he loves Caesar salad this was a must have. Classic and delicious!
4. MEDITERRANEAN  FULL 13, HALF 7
Chopped romaine, cherry tomatoes, cucumber, red peppers, garbanzo beans, red onion, pepperoncinis, kalamata olives, feta, house vinaigrette.
*Great salad and full of veggies!
4. Pepperoni & Sausage Pizza
5. Cheese Pizza
6. Pepperoni Pizza
*Classic New York pizza that everyone enjoys.

Food kept coming out and no one went hungry!  In fact, some guests left with boxes of food.

We had less people than we thought, so we were charged per dish and per drink (we didn't limit to beer & wine- we said serve whatever anyone wanted).

Bill came to less than $250 for everything! OMG- amazing!! For all the food and drinks for about 12-15 people. This was great!

I would highly recommend having a party here as everyone was very helpful and accommodating.

Thanks Dom's for making my husbands grad party a success!!
