zgGoxOsThXKAcs2lAgC9yg Short story:  We wanted a fun night with the kid and take her somewhere besides the local Mexican food joint we always drag her to, but instead waited forever for adult food and left without getting our main dish because it took so long.  At least the kid got to eat dinner since her's arrive 20 minutes before we lost our patience waiting for ours.  Left to a pissed off server slammed plates and telling her manager how horrible we were while we were walking out because we had the audacity to ask to have the pasta removed.  $60 for a kids meal, some iceberg and romaine lettuce with Italian dressing, three drinks, and service with a "smile".  Glad to see customer service at it's finest.  Would be a one star had I not been there previously and last night might have been a isolated incident.

The long story: I've been to Buca numerous times previously and had really good memories.  Heck, I asked to be taken there for my 18th birthday when I was a kid.  Since it has been a few years, we thought it would be a fun place to take the kiddo since she had never been.

We made reservations but it really seemed like we didn't need them on a Friday night as a table of 5 was sat behind us about 10 minutes later.  The hostess was pleasant and gave us the kitchen tour.  It took quite some time for our server to arrive since she actually met our kid first while she was on a mission for the bathroom.  She asked for our drink orders and the second I asked about wine she said, "think about it and I'll be right back".  Bring backs some waters and a sprite.  She comes back for a food order and my wine order.  When the wine arrives, I discover it's an $18 glass of vinegar and she admitted she told the bartender she thought it was bad.  So, new bottle opened and the wine was actually really good, but now we are 30 minutes into the meal.  Salad arrives and then about 5 minutes after that does the cold bread and our kid's meal.  So my husband and I wait.  And wait.  The slowest eater on the face of the earth is now down with ALL of her kid's meal and our dinner hasn't arrived.  Mind you, the table behind us as previously mentioned had already polished off their salad and pastas.  We are done.  We put out the credit card on the end of the table, she sees it, and runs back to check on our food.  SURPRISE!  She arrives with the food.  And we tell her to box it up since it took so long and we are done.  Boxes up the food and blames everyone else.  Brings the bill WITH the food on it that we didn't even want anymore.  Husband asks for it to be removed and says to just leave the food on the table.  She gets pissed; she slams plates at the table behind us.  At this point, I stop defending her and it's all on her service.  Throws the new bill on the table and makes a sarcastic comment about the pasta being gone.  We pay and tip her and her attitude accordingly, leaving the pasta on the table. As we are leaving, we see her complaining to the manager about us, but he sure didn't seem to care to check in.  At no point were we rude until those last 5 minutes.  We were polite about the wine, didn't complain about not getting more water, didn't mention that the salad was mediocre, so it's definitely not surprising that the pasta was the deal breaker.

Next time we will make the drive to a different area and spend the same amount of money for unique food and better service.
