zINKP9rtvo2IUKTZoYJUvQ I gave Cento another try but wish I wouldn't have. I was still left wondering what all the hubbub was about. We started with the Burrata and fried squid which I was told was very good although the large pieces of fried jalapeno slices confused me. I can't remember jalapeno peppers ever being used and Italian cooking. The Burrata was presented in a very peculiar fashion. Instead of being in a formed ball shape it was a curdled mass served atop a one and a half by four and a half inch piece of bread that had been saturated with oil and then charred on the grill then topped with radish greens and shavings. The bitter flavor from the bread being burnt overpowered the mild cheese and ruined the taste of the dish. The way it was presented made it impossible to share if you were so inclined to eat it.
The main courses we ordered were:
Pappardelle Ragu which was okay. Although the sauce had a nice flavor the pasta had not been cooked properly and the noodles were all stuck together. They were over cooked and sticky because they seem to not have been stirred while in the boiling water. They were also cooked without any salt in the water making us wish there were salt on the table to compensate for this oversight. Also, I wonder why no cheese was offered to top the pasta dishes.
Agnolotti which was just okay flavor wise. Each piece seemed to be cooked to a different value, some were al dente, some were less cooked then that and some were mushy. The dish was swimming in butter and lacking in flavor.
Pollo was flavorful and served with an arugula salad. The citrus flavors thoroughly penetrated the meat and the chicken was moist and delicious.
Fathers Day Meat Special was comprised of prime rib, pork shoulder, grilled chicken thighs and some sort of sausage and fried potato nuggets and an arugula salad. It was served on a platter swimming with oil. The presentation was not pleasing to the eye and the charred smell of the meats was not pleasing. I requested bread with our meal which seems to confuse our server because she stared at me for an uncomfortably long amount of time before complying. My daughter and I split a 350 mL bottle of wine costing $27 and we purchased a side salad for my son not realizing his meal came with a salad and not understanding why that wasn't brought to our attention by the waitress when he was asking about salads. Again I was not pleased with the waitstaff they weren't rude per se but almost seemed put out and not at all attentive. Sam our waiter in training was very nice, his trainer not so nice. She was even annoyed when I asked for ice in my ice water. Our meal totaled $185 and was not worth it! Don't waste your time, don't waste your money. go elsewhere!
