zINKP9rtvo2IUKTZoYJUvQ Breathtaking: That was my first thought when I happened upon Cento during a soft opening at the beginning of July. The interior is absolutely stunning and makes me feel like I've left Madison and Wisconsin, where darkly-lit supper-club and cobbled together rustic chic are standard. If you're lucky, you'll sit in the u-shaped booth which looks into the kitchen and have eyes on the action as a staff seamlessly pumps out plate after plate of stellar fare.  

Speaking of, the menu is designed in a way to encourage you to share small plates among friends, then pick up a pasta and a pizza, then embark on an entree and maybe add a side of veg to complete the experience. You'd consume a lot of food this way, too much in my opinion, when you consider the current portion size which I hope they scale back a touch to allow people to fully explore the menu. I suggest making multiple trips rather than try to experience everything in one sitting. But if ease of dining there again isn't on your side, the dates and fried squid are a great way to kick things off, followed by the gnocci and my current favorites, the roasted chicken with salsa verde and finally the wood-roasted foraged mushrooms. At this point, it's hard for me to stray too far away from those five, because I know the day will come when I won't be able to get one or two of them any longer, and they make for a pretty magnificent meal. That chicken is probably some of the best I've had in town, and I know you're thinking, "chicken?" but it's true. It's tender and juicy and has an incredible skin, and when you squeeze the charred lemon overtop, it's out of this world. 

The service is much more on point then when they first opened, but that's understandable given the high level of familiarity servers should have with a menu like Cento's. There's also a much stronger front of house presence than in the first few weeks, and that's appreciated. I like that people are aware and interested in what's going on in the dining room, willing to correct something that's not perfect and open to hearing candid feedback. 

The only thing that I don't click with right now is the cocktail program. I find it extremely inconsistent and altogether too sweet. A cocktail I had two weeks ago tasted vastly different on Saturday, and even their most spirit forward has a cloyingly sweet aftertaste that competes harshly with the deep, rich flavors of rustic Italian cooking. If they can sort out the bar program I'll be there often. But worth mentioning, a nice substitute to lackluster cocktails is the carefully curated wine list. Reds are impressive and keeping me warm on the early fall nights!
