Zja7ykq3icDzkN20XX6j1w A few evenings ago we came to Squirrel Hill for Chinese food; I fell in love with a pizza. 

On-street parking in Squirrel Hill is problematic regardless of where you go, but after driving around for a bit, we settled in front of a pizza parlor. A stout, squatty, greying, long-haired gentleman with a patriotic bandana wrapped around his head sat on a stoop. Looking like a retired pro wrestler, he seemed out of place in a neighborhood such as Squirrel Hill. Then again, so did Kay and I, which may have been why he reached out to us. Had we found a kindred spirit/guardian angel? 

"Hey, they've been out ticketin' even at this hour," he amicably, helpfully hollered over to us as we left our car in front of a parking meter. So feed the meter we did after we made some small talk with this man, finding out he lived in Penn Hills of all areas. It wasn't until we got into Ka Mei down the street that I realized that I just had a brush with a legend in Aiello's, a parlor with a pizza that often silences debates when cited.  

Due to his act of kindness and the fact that Aiello's has a rather famous pizza, I found myself preoccupied during our Chinese meal at Ka Mei and dessert at Mineo's.

As we approached the car at the end of our date, I caught Aiello's neon sign in my sights again and felt drawn to it, so much so that I couldn't get in the car.

"Kay, I just want one slice. I have to try it! I might as well. I mean, we're right here!"

"But you just ate!" Kay was perturbed.

"Yeah, but it was Chinese. You know how that goes. Besides, the guy was nice to us. I want to throw him a little business."

"You're crazy," Kay declares. She got back in the car, and I headed into Aiello's.

I approached the counter and became Oliver Twist asking for more gruel.

"I just wanna try your pizza. One slice. I hear so much about it, and I'm here y'know?"

"Plain?" The streetwise guy we encountered earlier seemed self-assured, smirking as he took my order.

"Yeah, that'll work! I can't wait!"

"You'll be back," he says with a grin, only to pull a whole pizza out from the oven to "check" on it, as if I didn't know it was a ruse; The Last Tempation of Darren W. 

When I gazed at its skull-white crust and the deep, scarlet sauce that bubbled underneath the ivory cheese, I was entranced. A creature of terrible, bloody pulchritude was before me. 

He put my slice on a plate, and I merrily took it back to the car, relishing it slowly as we headed to Beaver Falls. The crust was magnificently cracker-like. The sauce packed twang, punch, and luxuriance, complementing the subtle, milky cheese completely. 

Kay's was green-eyed the whole way home, my heart having been stolen by a slice of pizza.

"I hope you enjoyed your $2 whore!"

"But babe, it only cost $1.50."
