zmfa8RNxqSuOJ9Nx-CMs_Q Pitiful experience at Positano
 
Do you enjoy cold, dry and stale bread before your meal?  How about under cooked, still visibly raw pizza dough? And do you like paying an exorbitant amount of money for the displeasure of it? Well, then hit up Positano and you'll be positively thrilled.  I do not know how this place possibly has such a high rating. Let's dig in to the details (but not the food - bleh).

0/10: The bread and tomato sauce appetizer everyone raves about. Maybe we just got unlucky, but I've rarely had such obviously week-old, dry, stale bread at a restaurant where they have the audacity to charge $9.50 for their house wine and $12.50 for Bruschetta (tomatoes and bread - really?). I didn't even like the sauce. It had almost a fishy taste... maybe anchovy?

5/10: Pizza positano - Positively pathetic. The too-thin crust, being under cooked (you could see it was still glistening and raw under the layer of spinach that covered the entire surface - even Popeye wouldn't be able to handle this much spinach in one serving. The other toppings on it: sundried tomatoes, goat cheese, chicken were decent. The psicy oil that came with it was gross. And Il Sogno (in the area) has a far better spicy oil - but their food is overall even worse). I even did take the pieces left home to see if it would taste better fully cooked, but it came out chewy, tough and leather-tender. 

7.5/10: Gnocci tricolore. This was the only saving grace of the meal. And it was supposed to be all MINE. But my date  insisted on taking half and I almost stabbed him with a fork when he tried to take ¾ of it -he was the one who wanted the pathetic pizza!  I wasn't even interested in that.  Anyway, gnocchi was soft, and flavorful, but did need the extra Parmesan and black pepper served table side.

4/10: Service. If ONLY someone had come to ask us how our meal was - we could have sent back the pizza. But they dropped off the food and never asked how it was. I would have sent it back but my date kept eating it, regardless... How? I don't know. When we had half a pizza left, I tagged down a waiter and mentioned that it was underdone. He apologized a lot, but then said "I wish you would have told me earlier so I could have done something - could have fixed it." Um so why exactly, can't you now? You can't make us a fresh half a pizza - or give us at least 50% off - or a free dessert or glass of wine? Yes, they could have done any of those things, but they didn't offer - and I wasn't paying, and that's the only reason I didn't push.  I was also unimpressed that our waiter did not give him name.  Service 101 is that you greet your diners by saying "Hi, name name is ___, and I'll be your server tonight."  No one made pleasantries and chatted with us.  The only reason they don't get a 0 is because - even though the waiter didn't do anything to fix our problems, he did apologize - and we were able to get a seat without reservation at a 6pm on a Friday.

Positano is possibly the worst of the Italian restos in the midtown area. If you do make the trek, the fresh, homemade pasta seems to be the only good thing. And at $15.50 for a vegetarian dish of the cheapest pasta, I think the place's prices are as inflated as their ego. I'd advise true lovers of fresh Italian cuisine to take a pass on the positively forgettable Positano.
