59c3Cp-p5i18xFCKUuCkFQ This was more of a 3-1/2 star experience for me the first time. The food was great, service was not. 
I'll start with the service.
I went for a another birthday get-together (3 birthday girls!). Granted we had no reservations, our party of 8 waited about 1hr before we were finally seated. It was a TUESDAY night! One of the birthday girls was really upset, mainly because the manager told us that we were getting a table within 15-20 mins as the other party had paid already. We quickly realized this was not the case as we looked around at the possible places they could have sat us and saw that the other customers were just starting on their appetizers!!! Half our group was ready to walk out. I can understand not wanting to lose an 8-top on a slow night but how about losing out on repeat customers? What ticked a birthday girl off even more was that, after we were finally seated, it took them another 20 minutes for them to just get our water glasses filled and by this point, the restaurant was half empty. When our food arrived, 2 people were served while the rest of us had to wait a good 25 mins for the rest of the food. With most of our group being servers or having been in the restaurant biz, we were not impressed.

Okay, now for some positive stuff. I loved LOVED the food here. Most of it was fantastic except the bread which I wasn't crazy about. Anyone who knows me will tell you of my love for good bread. A friend and I shared a seafood pasta and the La Vecchia  pizza. The crust was thin and crisp just drooping with the weight of the toppings. The pasta was just saucy enough with the seafood cooked to perfection. The mussels my friend ordered were fantastic. I'm getting hungry just thinking about it. I was told they don't do anything for birthday when I asked but they did comp us a dessert for the birthday girl (as 1 of the 3 did not order dessert). I would come back just because the food is so good. Most likely not in a party bigger than 4. 

Bottom Line: Fantastically yummy food but not good for large parties.
