ZtJ6sTq7-5rL9ORUtQJHAQ Gaetano's has been known as one of the best Italian places in Henderson for some time now but I'd have to disagree.  

Décor
Gaetano's décor is intimate and dark with some nice music lightly playing in the background. I loved the ambience and believe it is the perfect setting to grab a bottle of wine and bring a date or just catch up with some old friends. That I liked.

Service
Our server was very informative and polite, however outside of that the service was subpar.  We had to constantly request basic things like a spoon for soup, a refill on drinks, or make an attempt to flag the server down to ask for bread and to place our meal orders. For a place at this price point I expected some type of attentive service and wasn't even greeted with mediocre service. Considering that the restaurant only had about 15 people in it, it's unclear as to why service was so poor.

It was also interesting to read how other Yelpers commented on the owner visiting the tables and introducing himself. Strangely, we watched as he went to every table but ours. Perhaps we weren't dressed appropriately, perhaps he didn't see us (despite there being only about 6 parties in the entire dining room) or perhaps he just didn't like us. Either way I would have to say that him snubbing us for whatever his reason was unprofessional and unfortunate.

Food
We had the calamari, the stuffed salmon, mushroom soup and the cioppini. Honestly, there's nothing to rave about here, I can't even really say it was "meh", basic meals with nothing that exceptionally stood out. The mushroom had a variety of mushrooms blended with a bit of truffle oil in the middle. It was interesting and you could taste the variety of mushrooms in the soup, which was nice.  But outside of that I have had better calamari at Buon Gusto, better cioppini at the Oyster Bar at Southpoint and way better salmon at Off the Strip and Panevino. How is this the best Italian in Las Vegas? It's not even top 5. Maybe they were having an off day but I have no idea why people think this place is the best Italian place in the city.

Bottom Line: Is Gaetano's the best Italian in Las Vegas? No. They're not even the best restaurant on their block. I would much rather travel the extra 30 seconds to Buon Gusto on Eastern and Horizon Ridge Parkway or Montesano's a couple minutes  down by St. Rose and have a better experience and meal.
