ZtJ6sTq7-5rL9ORUtQJHAQ I will start out with the disclaimer that I lived in Italy for 6 glorious months and, consequently, I am a total Italian food snob. I found out about this place from a friend and I was especially pleased to find them on restaurant.com. So my husband and I printed our $50 gift certificate and headed out on a Friday night. I started the meal with the best cosmo I have ever had, it was definitely strong but I didn't taste any alcohol. The bartender is masterful! I then moved on to the bread basket on the table. The regular bread was delicious and warm. There was also an herb, almost pizza looking bread that I was not very fond of, but I am sure somebody enjoys it. I did notice that other tables were getting bruschetta as well as bread, but I got the feeling they were "regulars," but it made me feel left out! We moved on to appetizers. I had the caprese salad, which has roasted peppers and onions on it. I was surprised how well the whole thing worked, given its non-traditional nature. I would definitely recommend it! For the main courses, I had the papardelle with filet and my husband had the trout special. The pasta was delightful and the filet was melt in your mouth delicious, but the dish was missing something. It was earthy and rustic but there was a flavor profile missing for sure. The trout was well cooked, but the skin of the fish was not at all crispy and we felt it should have been. It came with a side of pasta that was delicious! Since we had the restaurant.com coupon we decided to go all out and get a dessert. We decided to go out on a limb and try the Sicilian cannoli. The cannoli was almost inedible. It has an overwhelming lemon flavor and is just very off-putting texturally. 

The service was wonderful, until the end of the meal. The restaurant had filled up very fast and people were asking to be seated in our server's section. The poor man was running from table to table! It took us over 15 minutes to get someone to swipe our credit card so we could leave, but other than that small ordeal the service was impeccable. Overall, it was a mixed bag for us. I have had better Italian food in Las Vegas, but I may give this another try sometime in the future.
