ZtJ6sTq7-5rL9ORUtQJHAQ *4.5 Stars 

We decided on Gaetano's for our anniversary and we were not let down. The atmosphere is very cozy and warm and the fact that it is family owned adds to the charm. The hostess is a bit gruff but she seem frazzled because they were very busy.  We had dinner on a Saturday at 6:30 p.m. It was already packed!! I would recommend making reservations. We made them on OpenTable. 

Appetizer- We had the half order of chicken ravioli in pesto cream sauce- I would have liked my pasta cooked slightly longer, it was a little undercooked.  The filling and the sauce for this ravioli were absolutely wonderful. I was practically licking the pesto sauce off of the plate. 

Salads- I had the caesar and my husband had the house salad. The caesar was good, just enough dressing, crispy lettuce, fresh croutons. Just a standard salad. The house salad was amazing! Mixed greens with shaved carrots, pine nuts, parmigiano cheese and balsamic vinaigrette. The balance of these ingredients were perfect. I loved it!

Entrees- They have an extensive list of specials as well as an impressive menu consisting of pasta and main entrees. My husband choose to have the Salmon stuffed with Dungeness Crab and I had the New York Steak. The Salmon was seasoned and cooked very well and was delicious. It was served on a bed of orzo with mixed vegetables. I ordered the steak medium and that is how it came out. It was topped with a balsamic reduction. You could really taste the flavor of the meat, it wasn't heavily seasoned. I would have preferred a little more salt and pepper. The steak was served with mashed potatoes and mixed vegetables. I was impressed with the entrees because the meat in both of our dishes was cooked perfectly. They really had so many things on the menu that looked good!! 

Dessert- We didn't order desert but we were speaking with our waiter, Nick (who is also the owner's son) and mentioned it was our anniversary. He brought us some yummy tiramisu. Mild not too bitter. I don't know if I would order this again, but that is just my desert preference. 

I order wine by the glass, but they have an extensive wine list consisting of full and half-bottles as well as full bar. My husband order GlenFiddich on the rocks. Based on the price, I would have thought it was 15 year, but it was only 12. A little overpriced. The only other thing I didn't really care for was the bread, it didn't seem very fresh to me.

Overall we had a wonderful evening and I hope to return to Gaetano's soon!
