ZtJ6sTq7-5rL9ORUtQJHAQ I'm not sure what other people are smoking on this site. I have always eaten well, at decently nice places. This place was completely horrible from the start. We came to the place Friday to look at the menu because we have lived in Henderson now for 11years and have wanted to try the place since we moved here. The hostess was rude and has no customer service at all. We took the to go menu and decided to eat at jalisco's. Tonight (Saturday) we decided to buy the groupon and proceeded to our reservation at 7:30. We arrive and this time no one is at the hostesses stand. The first person we see is the manager. No greeting from this guy period. He just sticks his finger up like one minute. Then comes the same rude hostess. She says how many? She then says two? I say yes. She says are you Bobby? I say yes. She says you no you have two reservations?  I say no. She says yes you did and I just deleted one. I'm thinking OK great. A hello, welcome, heck anything is better than telling me what she thinks I Might have done wrong. We get to the table and the waiter approaches us and ask's would you like something to drink. I say coke, he says we only have Pepsi. I said what else do you have. He ignores me and takes my wife's order. Then he looks at me and stares, I don't say a word. After about 25 seconds he says and for you? I again repeat what else do you have? He starts to name things,and I stop him and say I would like the tea. He leaves, comes back and says what would you like to eat. My wife ask if he has any specials? He rattles them off. He was actually good at this. My wife orders chicken parmesan, and I ask about the lasagna. I say how is it made. He stumbles over some words that I don't understand. Then he looks at me with a deer in the head lights look and says what do you mean how is it made almost in a challenging way. I say well is it vegetable lasagna and before I can finish he says it's meat sauce. I say OK but how is the lasagna actually made he cuts me off and says it's meat. I say OK. I'll take the lasagna. They bring my wife's food and it looks OK. Then they bring mine and I don't say a word. This its suppose to be fine dining? They bring me a boat. (A boat is a ceramic dish that is oblong not very big at all, and not deep at all.) I take a bite of this and there is no sauce at all. I was expecting a regular plate like everyone else. The taste was terrible. It taste like something I eat at someone else's house whose wife don't cook so well. The funny thing is he cuts me off and says its meat sauce. I had the guy that brings you the drinks get me some sauce. The sauce was actually good and it made the food stomachable. The manager visited this one table in front of us and hung out there almost half the time we were there. He never visited our table once. This place is terrible with customer service and food. I recommend you eat at someone Else's house that cant cook before you pay for dog food that not even the dog will eat. Disappointed I was celebrating a special evening with my wife. Boy was I disappointed.
