zUgDrRtGvK5ZTFlHCsTHwA Came with a large group while traveling for work so we made sure to call ahead and book a 7:00pm reservation for our party of 8. Arrived at 6:50 and we were told there would be a wait "because we were not expecting a large party tonight"..... to my understanding this is not the nature of a reservation system but we figured we would stick it out since it was a Sunday night and getting a little late. Tried to order drinks at the bar while waiting- bartended was rude and ignored our large group.

About half an hour of waiting later and we had no update on our table... while other parties continued to be seated around us. Went up to ask the hostess who told us that yes we would have to wait a little longer since we were such a big group that they were unprepared for us. We mentioned maybe they should not have taken our reservation and they seemed confused why we would be upset. This continued until past 8pm- technically after hours on a Sunday for this place- because they had to call in another waitress to take care of our party (as the restaurant was emptying out).

Our waitress was the bright spot of the night- only reason I would give one star instead of zero, if possible. She was very kind and apologetic, unlike any other staff member we spoke to during our hour long wait. She did bring out some appetizers right away to compensate for the long wait. The apps were mediocre (mostly fried, so its hard to go wrong), but our meal went even further downhill from there.

Our party ordered a range of pretty basic foods such as pesto pasta, chicken parm, ravioli etc. I don't know if the kitchen was having a bad day or they had just thrown in the towel but it was honestly the worst Italian food I've ever had (honestly, olive garden has this place beat). My pesto pasta was almost inedible it was drowning in so much sauce, and our table voted it as the best plate served to us. You could tell some of the dishes had decent quality ingredients but the cream sauces were beyond bland, chicken overcooked, and pasta were disappointing for being "scratch made". Group consensus was that we would have been better off boiling ramen in the coffee pots in our hotel rooms.
