zUgDrRtGvK5ZTFlHCsTHwA I took an out of town relative to this place because it's near where she is staying and Yelp recommended it so highly. I'd never been, but I had great expectations and I was not disappointed! First of all, it's attractive, it has a great cozy atmosphere and walking in you get the feeling you're in for a treat. The sights, the smells, everything is in perfect place. I ordered angel hair with marinara and meatballs added. The meal came with some excellent garlic bread and a competent side salad with creamy Italian dressing exactly the way I like it. The meatballs were a tad dry, but their flavor was impeccable. The marinara had a bright, fresh tomato flavor. I love a good marinara that is not overwhelmed with spices and allows the tomato to shine. This was that thing. My companion had the angel hair pasta with meat sauce and was less impressed. I tasted her dish myself, it tasted as if the meat were perhaps smoked? It was a bit odd. Still quite edible, but it did feel as if it had maybe been sitting around too long. Not sure what to make of that. 

The menu is perhaps weighted too heavily to pizza parlor fare, strombolis and pizza take center stage and the fresh pasta that others have mentioned in reviews was not to be found. I know the mix and match pasta/sauce/optionals is popular here in AZ, but I find it a bit off-putting that it took me a couple of minutes to figure out how to order spaghetti and meatballs. (ie: "select angel hair pasta." "select marinara sauce." "select meatball add-on." "VOILA! Spaghetti and meatballs!") Call me crazy, but I yearn for menus that, you know, have "Spaghetti and meatballs" as an entree option and perhaps a sentence at the bottom saying "substitute any pasta you wish." 

These are minor quibbles, however, our overall experience was very nice and even after ordering one additional to-go order for my dear, sleeping wife (she works nights) I got out of the place for just over thirty bucks! Wow! We weren't drinking booze of course and it was lunch, but I was still impressed. It's a bit out of the way for me, but if I'm in the area again, I'd definitely go back.
