ZvtELJTUOh0yRrPxyyiakQ Several years ago my Father and Stepmom used to take my sisters, brother and I out to Oregano's Pizza Bistro, the location off of Mill Ave. and University.  We would often walk to that location because it was just a few short miles through our old neighborhood.  Sadly after moving from Tempe to Mesa, our outings to the good ol' pizza joint happened less and less often.  It was soon just a comforting memory of sharing time, music and good food with my loved ones.  Recently Oregano's had been reintroduced into my life. I was meeting with my older sister for a bite, wanting to meet somewhere in the middle that night, my sister mentioned that an Oregano's had recently been built near her house, the Priest and Elliot location.  All of the old memories of going out with my family sharing the good food, music and company came dancing back in my head, I couldn't have imagined a better place to go!  I pulled up, the parking lot packed, which was no surprise (I vividly remember always waiting impatiently as a child to get a seat at the old location.)  My sister and niece had arrived first and had been seated on the patio.  Walking into Oregano's is like walking into a family member's house, warm cheery welcomes from everyone!  The hostesses were helpful and pointed me in the right direction to the patio.  The ambiance of the place had instantaneously put me in a great mood, lively music, outgoing personalities found in every employee, it felt like home!  Our waiter came up moments after I had gotten seated, suggesting and appetizer and offering me a beverage.  He was friendly and laid back, not talking to me as a customer he was serving, but rather a guest, a friend, in his own home.  I took his recommendations on the "Dirty Monkey" and "Kick-butt Garlic Bread."  Both arriving promptly and were delicious.  The "Dirty Monkey" is an adult beverage which consists of sweet liquors and juices, it was definitely a tasty treat!  The "Kick-butt Garlic Bread" was huge!  Definitely a fair bargain for what you get!  My sister and I split the "Big Rig Pasta" which was the same thing we had always gotten in the past.  It was comforting to see it was still on the menu after all those years.  Once it had arrived we indulged in the creamy chipotle covered rigatoni noodles.  Topped with fresh basil and tomatoes, it was better than I remembered!  After over indulging I mentioned to my sister how it made me so happy to be there, and admiring everything about the restaurant.  Working in the food industry myself I confessed this wasn't like a normal restaurant, though I love where I work, this was different.  I felt as if I was among all friends and family, I felt at home.  A server must have over heard my statement and had dropped off an application at my table.  He was smiling and friendly and simply said "You should work here if you're unhappy there."  This man wasn't the same waiter that had been helping us out that night, he had just been serving the other half of the patio.  I was caught off guard, and sort of laughed it off and the man walked away.  I couldn't help but play with the idea, though I knew it was almost impossible, I already had a job tending bar and serving at another restaurant, between that and school my availability was next to nothing.  Although the thought of working at a place like this was an entrancing one.  Overall the experience was just what I needed!  I am very pleased that Oregano's had come back into mine and my families lives.  Even more so pleased that they have stayed true to their roots, Lawrence Gibbilini's philosophy of life, which he was known to live by everday, "The key to happiness is friends, good food and music."
