Zx4iQCmQfAaXvwPc3TlF9Q My boyfriend, a good friend and I suffered an unwarranted, absurd, FRIGHTENING experience at The Tap House early this morning, between 4:00 and 5:00 AM. It was so bad that I felt the need to publicly share our experience, with the hope that I can prevent something like this from happening to anybody else.

After a late night out, we stopped in for an early morning bite- nothing unusual. The Tap House is open 24/7, good food, decent prices, no bad experiences prior. Why would we assume anything would be different this time? The unsmiling, hard-staring bartender, RICH, seated us, and brought us drinks (two glasses of water, one iced tea). Immediately, I was put off that a gigantic cigar was dangling from his mouth almost the entire time, but not enough to mention it. Before our food came, he asked us if we wanted to split the check- my boyfriend and me on one, our friend on another. All three of us responded with an audible "yes," and nodded our heads. Rich served us our food with the lit cigar still precariously resting between his lips, and aside from the fact that I asked for provolone cheese on my burger and got American, everything tasted all right. I didn't even complain about it. I'm a really easy customer- so is my boyfriend, and so is my friend. None of us caused any issues- we ate our food, laughed among ourselves, and then waited for our checks (for a long time). Rich returned with a single tab. Not a huge deal.

Then, it got ugly. My boyfriend very politely asked RICH to split the check, and Rich was immediately hostile and uncooperative. He was condescending, unprofessional, and ultimately accused us of not telling him we wanted the check split (even though we 100% did), and made it very clear he would definitely not split our check now. I was appalled and offended, so I verbally expressed my feelings to Rich at the bar. I explained to him that myself, my friends, and multiple generations of my family have been eating at the Tap House for years, some for decades, and that I was utterly disappointed, shocked, and offended by his behavior.  We bickered for a bit; still, I handed him the card for payment. His response was, "I'll do you one better- it's on the f*cking house!" He told us he didn't need our money, and to leave and never return (including anybody related to me), at which point we exchanged some profane words.

Then, Rich became violent. He ran out from behind the bar to CHASE US outside, while threatening to use physical violence against us. All the other bar patrons followed us outside, which was terrifying because they were all drunk, aggressive, and rallying to Rich's side. We feared for our safety as the they gathered, and as Rich attempted to shove my boyfriend out of his way to throw punches at me. We finally got into our car and locked the doors, but Rich continued to pound on my car doors and windows, screaming obscenities at us, still threatening to physically harm us. I made a split decision to reverse my car and slam my brakes, honestly to scare off the crowd that now encased us. And finally, the nightmare was over.

We filed crime reports at the police station. The entire experience is presumably on tape, which will only verify the accuracy of my report.

Rich is unpredictable, dangerous, and a threat to perfectly normal, paying customers. So sad and shocked that this took place at The Tap House.
