zYb4kj2R54R2YPeNm829BA 1 Star is too many.  

Had a Living Social deal for $13 on a $26 min. Made a reservation for Dec 24th at 7:30pm. I called day before to check hours and reservation times. Lady said, "We'll be open as late as we have people in the restaurant, and the kitchen will be open until AT LEAST 9pm. We're taking reservations for 7 & 7:30, would you like to make one?"  I told her I'd check with my wife.  I did and we made one through Yelp for the 7:30 slot she said was open, so they KNEW they had one coming at 7:30.  Yelp even sent me a reminder that day.  (We use Open Table ALL the time and have NEVER had an issue with their system.

We get there at 7:30.  There were several groups still there, eating and drinking.  But, we were told, "We closed at 7"..."Nobody would have taken that reservation", and "You must have made the reservation for a California location."  This lady had such a nasty attitude, we were flabbergasted.  When I told her I made it on Yelp and showed her, she didn't care just said they closed at 7 and that was that.

We turned around and walked out.  It took us half an hour to find a decent place to eat on Christmas Eve, after we just spent 12 hours in our own store with our customers, who we would NEVER talk to or treat this way.

Bottom line, this lady and Sauce ruined was to be the cap on a long holiday season for us.

We will never come back, and given how many restaurants have come and gone in this location, can't wait to see what's next if this lady and her crew continue to treat people this way.

Wait....is that the Karma truck I see circling?

By the way, while Yelp refused to do anything to intervene, Open Table would have jumped in, contacted the restaurant and done something to help make it right.  So Yelp, if you want to compete on the Reservation side, take some lessons from Open Table and step up when you have a reservation issue, and not just, "...the restaurant is responsible for maintaining their own schedule and there is no way for us to know when a restaurant is, or is not, open without their input."
