5dy8OiWJty9AuxBcBzeBZQ I never had the pleasure of experiencing Splendido before it closed, however given the opportunity to experience Chef Victor's newest and recently opened Piano Piano restaurant with some colleagues, I jumped at the chance.

The restaurant is beautifully decorated, from the flower murals adorning the facade of the building, the oversized mirrors and unique artwork in the dining room, to the black banquettes lining the walls and creating cozy eating spaces.  It feels fresh and feminine and unpretentious.

The menu (designed to look like newsprint) consists mainly of pastas and pizzas with a few options for entrees. Menu items range from $16-19 for appetizers, $22 for any of their colourfully named pizzas, $16-$24 for pasta (small vs large sizes), and main entrees from $22 for "the cheeseburger" to $58 for a twice cooked chicken meant to be shared by two (or five as per our wait staff). Desserts range from $9-18. A couple of side dishes were available for $9.

After carefully considering the menu, my colleagues and I opted for the $45 family style tasting menu, which enabled us to try several of the menu offerings for a very reasonable price. The selection of dishes brought to our table was like a symphony, with each course building on the next.

Our meal started with a couple of starters including smoked salmon, creme fraiche, & capers on toast, and the ricotta on toast, which as simple as it sounds, was wonderfully creamy with a hint of sweetness brought on by the maple syrup and textural contrast of the seeds. 

The appetizer course included a delicious take on Caesar salad (with thick cuts of pork belly), a chopped salad (with crispy polenta cubes, roasted brussel sprouts, olives, and crumbled feta), as well as a beef carpaccio dish with spinach and sliced mushrooms. Would definitely recommend the Caesar salad and chopped salad as the flavours were spot on.  

The pasta course included the spaghetti vongole e cozze, which was pasta with clams and crispy pancetta. You could definitely taste the fresh brininess of the clams. We were also served a dish of little ricotta filled pillows in brown butter sauce. I could honestly eat those little ricotta gems all day (but would likely need to be rolled out of the restaurant).

The pizza course included the Bitter pizza with kale, dandelion greens, and 3 cheeses which  (despite its name) was quite tasty and the bitterness balanced by the cheeses. I loved the Sweet Hornet, a sweet and spicy pizza with sopressata, black olives, mozzarella, fior de latte, and chilli counterbalanced with a drizzle of honey that made you crave for more. The pizza crusts were thin and have that satisfying light but chewy texture common to Neopolitan style pizza. Chef Victor himself brought the pizzas (and some of our other dishes) out to our table which was fantastic as it gave us the opportunity to be able to give him our positive feedback about the food.

For the main entrees, we shared the veal parmigiana which was served with a generous amount of lightly broiled cheese on top of the veal chop. We also shared the roasted lamb dish which was served with dandelion greens, roasted potatoes, and a roasted leg of octopus. The octopus was slightly chewy but flavourful, and the  lamb was tender.

For our dessert, we shared a very generous slice of the ginger carrot cake which was accompanied by pumpkin pie ice cream and toasted sweet-salty pecans. The cake was so moist and decadent, and the ice cream had such a rich and delicious pumpkin flavour. I ate around the cream cheese icing that frosted the cake as I felt it was tasty enough without that extra sweetness.

I can't say enough great things about the service. Wine glasses were replaced for each type of red wine we tasted/enjoyed. They permitted my friend to bring wine from her own wine cellar. Our server made spot on recommendations about several dishes, including the Caesar salad, the ricotta on toast, and the Bitter pizza. The chef did a great job of accommodating for dietary/textural restrictions that members of our party had.

The lower level of the restaurant is called Piccolo Piano, with a more family friendly menu consisting of small plates/comfort foods and pizzas. Careful thought has obviously been placed in the children's menu as it is full of healthy and delicious sounding menu options.

Given the fabulous dining experience at Piano Piano, I can't wait to come back to try Piccolo Piano with my hubby. Definitely recommend trying both dining experiences at this lovely restaurant.

(49/100)
