5fquJHY2hMX9tPRD5s0t5g ***Rooster's specializes in meats roasted and grilled by fire and the end results are satisfying as the kitchen achieves crispy and smoky sears to go with rich and moist meat; Rooster's also has upscale notes in the design of the dining room as well as their non-meat choices like a good variety of cheeses and macaroni and cheese that is not infused with truffle oil like a lot of places but instead topped with a fresh shaving of summer truffle***

Rooster's is a meat and poultry centric restaurant in Downtown Charlotte.  They specialize in their proteins grilled or spit-fire roasted and you can definitely tell fire plays a large role in this restaurant as several of their BBQ meats like pork shoulder reveal a great smokiness while their grilled duck breast combines a charred and crispy skin with a rich, moist and red center.

Of the meats I tried, I liked their duck breast the most.  It was simply prepared and seasoned, but the incredible char they were able to achieve on the outside of the duck breast gave it a great smoky flavor.  The juiciness was also excellent.  It was one of the most well prepared duck breasts I have had to date.  The grilled hanger steak was also good but did stand out compared to great hanger steak preparations I have had at other restaurants.

Rooster's also features an impressive variety of cheeses including good goat cheese and blue cheese choices.  Sides are served a la carte here and their goat cheese with arugula and peaches salad was fine, but the most satisfying side was their macaroni and cheese.  It was creamy but also had a crispy, lasagna-like crust.  For the macaroni and cheese, they also offered an option of summer truffle shaved tableside (at a very reasonable cost) and the summer truffle was quite fragrant and pungent.

Service was very good and friendly.  Prices were not too bad.  At first glance, prices might seem high here since the preparations appear to be so simple, but the quality of proteins is very noticeable as Rooster's meats are well marbled and the high heat from the fire allows the fat to evenly melt, which provides a soft, juicy and very flavorful experience.

Rooster's has a contemporary dark wood dining room with large booths.  The booths are definitely designed for big crowds given that meats and sides here are served a la carte to allow for easy sharing.

Rooster's was the best dining experience I had in my limited stay in Charlotte.  The food was prepared with skill and care and there were enough Southern touches like pimento cheese and pan fried corn to make this restaurant feel unique to the area.  I think Rooster's is definitely a good option for an upscale and satisfying but not too pricey dinner in Downtown Charlotte.

I do not know what the parking situation is in this area.
