5jYYHTRka2SMS7zBOuN9RA This was the first time here and we were greeted with a warm smile by the hostess/manager.  She sat us down to what looked like a really nice Italian restaurant...atmosphere and ambience was upscale and inviting.  Unfortunately, our experience soon changed, but not in a good way.  The waiter was cordial, but after taking our drink orders, he disappeared for awhile.  The restaurant wasn't busy at all for being a Saturday night.  We finally got our drinks, but no bread basket...a little peculiar for such a nice place.  We ended up ordering 4 dishes and after a 20 minute wait, our food came out with the bread basket...an afterthought at this point.  We asked twice for refills, but it wasn't until finally the manager heard us, she took it upon herself to bring a carafe.  

The food came out at room temperature. The Fettuccine Di Mare had definitely been sitting for awhile. 

kids cheese pizza $6
even the kids wouldn't eat it because the
Crust was slightly undercooked...a bit soggy even.

Lobster ravioli $23
Was ok, nothing special really, but the best out of all the dishes that we ordered.  Bucca Di Peppo makes it much better.

Risotto de Manzo $22
The steak was a very petite steak and it was very undercooked for medium rare.  I'm sure the bed of mushroom, that the steak sat on, came from a box of Rice-a-Roni.  I think Cambell's cream of mushroom had more and bigger mushrooms than what I saw for this dish.

Fettuccine Di Mara $19
Dry...horribly, dry.  Im not exaggerating when I say, there was no sauce.  It was even slightly on the cold side.  Underneath the pile of pasta, I counted 3 shrimp, 3 muscles, and 2 scallops.  I was really disappointed with this one...it sounded so good on the menu.

Because we had a Groupon for $80, we had a little left over to get dessert.  Dessert portions were sharing size.

Chocolate torte $8
We asked for the sauce on the side but clearly they didn't understand and instead brought extra sauce on the side

Bread pudding $8
More bread then pudding gelato on top helped. At least they didn't mess up the strawberries.

Was this Groupon worth it?  No, would not come back again.
