5nZVVPO_cYH9aQeClTP9zA I have been to Sauce Pizza and Wine many of times. I have been to this location and the location on Baseline in Mesa (which I actually like more). It is an easy option for a quick and good meal after shopping and I overall recommend it to anyone. Who can say no to Italian?

I decided to come today to grab a quick lunch with a friend. This is an order-at-the-counter kind of restaurant so it is convenient if you don't have a lot of time or are on a lunch break. I've never had to wait for a seat here, but I'm sure during lunch hour it gets busier which might lead to a 10-15 minute wait. When you walk in there is a big menu on the chalk board wall that is easy to read, organized, and simple. You then order at the counter, they give you a number, and you pick your own seat. There is generous inside and outside seating. The overall ambience of the restaurant is comfy and clean.

We decided to sit outside on the patio. The food came quick, but in a timely matter and we were hungry so we were happy about that. I got the Italian chopped salad and my friend got a pizza with mushrooms. Each of the entrees comes with a complementary bread roll and butter, which is delicious. I liked the meat and cheese in my salad. It was good, but it had too much dressing on it which made it soggy. I usually ask for it on the side and forgot, so my fault. But, I probably wouldn't get that salad again. My friend's pizza was thin crust and I tried it, it was very good. They both are a pretty generous portion. I have also tried the Mac and Cheese here which I get with broccoli and chicken and it is really really good. I have also tried all their bruschetta. I definitely recommend both of them. Each of the entrees are priced around 8-13 dollars which is reasonable especially because the portions are pretty big. 

The service was great. The guy who took my order was friendly enough and helpful. He offered me a cup for water which was nice. The girl who brought our food was really great though. I'm not sure what her name was. But she offered to have them remake the salad for me, which I appreciated a lot but declined since it was technically my fault for not asking for the dressing on the side. She brought my friend a side of ranch and told us if we needed anything else to just let her know. She seemed genuinely happy to serve us and make sure our experience was as good as possible.

Overall, I would recommend this restaurant to anyone. It is in a good location for anyone that is at the mall looking for something good to eat. It is a quick and easy option for lunch or dinner. It also is kid and family friendly.
