5TXQxcwEfqzBDbMq2zmBPQ After two meals at Verona, my verdict is not good. 
The first meal included a sumtuous soup of basil, cream, rice and chicken, it was a home run. The caesar salad was way above average, and although the pasta under the Chicken Parm was so over cooked it was inedible, the chicken itself was great. On that visit almost all the food was great, but the service was amaturish at best. My server was nice, but had no idea how to deliver a fine dining experience, from steps of service, verbage, and timing it was all just so much less then I expected it to be.

Based on the teriffic food I decided to go back for what seemed like well priced steaks, the awsome cibata bread and butter, and that great Caeser salad. 
The Basil chicken soup wasnt available so I opted for the Ministroni soup, This soup was flavorless and almost raw. The pasta, carrots, and beans were under cooked and the broth was clear. The soup only tasted like the fistfull of fresh basil that was on top. Two bites into my Ceasear salad I had to pull a fine blond hair from my mouth, and the love affair with this salad was over. 

Then the steak, it a was huge Porterhouse that was requested medium yet served med-rare it could have used a few extra minutes on the grill and not served at the same time as my salad. For the most part the steak was tender, but had an odd flavor, kinda like an old peice of meat, not like aged beef, which I doubt it was based on the price. Being under cooked and the odd flavor the steak wasnt as enjoyable as I hoped.
The service was ok this time around, but nobody goes to a Chop House for OK service.

Although the manager offered to buy me dessert because of the hair in the salad, I paid for that caesar salad I didnt eat, and that hair remained on my bread plate til I left.

I like Lone Butte and I had a lucky visit to the casino, so my odds on returning to Verona are likely. It's gonna be a roll of the dice to see if they double down with both taste and service next time.
