5TXQxcwEfqzBDbMq2zmBPQ Ive been twice now and keep forgetting to add my two cents.  Had fairly low expectations as you don't hear much about Verona Chophouse and I've lived in the area for about 20 years.  I am always leery about "upscale" casino restaurants as most are really hit and miss - especially those in Vegas with celebrity chefs' names attached to them.  

Our first trip was well beyond our expectations, starting with a salad that appeared to be plucked from someone's garden to the perfectly cooked and seasoned filet.  The service was perfect, but a little odd in a good way.  We expected a refined and polished server with a side of arrogance, typical for a joint like this and what we got was a "motherly" type woman who was not only attentive and knowledgeable but also caring and went out of her way to make us comfortable with a bit of a dry sense of humor.  What a nice change of pace! 

Second trip demonstrated that the first wasn't a fluke.  I opted for the Veal Chop and my wife the Filet.  This time the Filet was unimpressive and a little smallish and perhaps overdone, but the Veal Chop was outstanding.  It was huge and so well-prepared that I had a hard time feeling sorry for my wife's sub-standard cut of beef.  Thankfully it was big enough for us to share and we both left satisfied.  The service was again fantastic and we were taken care of by another woman who valued delivering real service and comfort over playing the stereotypical server role.  This trip we noticed the doors to the beautiful outdoor patio were open and a band of some sort was getting ready to play.  

Sidenote: We originally chose the Chophouse because Shula's at another casino just a few miles away was booked.  It is really hard for us to find value in Shula's after dining at Verona Chophouse.  Sure Shula's can be great, but by my estimation, you will pay about 30-40% more there and you could still get an average meal and crappy service  AND there is no way in hell Shula's could make a Veal Chop as good as Verona.
