5ykOWYZ44sUvu9qxD8rPeg I just went back to Ct. for  the wedding of my business partner (one of the greatest events I have ever attended) and visited World Famous Pepe Pizza in New Haven, Ct. on a Sunday Night with my Mom and nephew to do a direct comparison of Bill (Scottsdale) vs. the Legend (Frank Pepe: New Haven, CT)  ...

Do a Yelp search ... Frank Pepe Pizza, New Haven, CT ... they are world famous.  Ronald Reagan and Frank Sinatra used to have pizza flown to them from New Haven, Ct. as it was so highly regarded.  When I lived in Ct, we would drive from Middletown to New Haven at least once a month.

The final results are in ... (Frank Pepe will not be happy)

Bill in Scottsdale is better (it even surprised me) ... Everyone who reads this should give Ill Bosco one try and understand that the absolute MOST delicious pizza in America is in of all places Scottsdale, Arizona and produced by someone who was once the premiere PGA Golf Coach in America (2006 PGA Golf Coach of the Year)  in a location that is virtually impossible to find.  

How is this possible?  ... Most of the pizza in Arizona is sub-standard and everyone living here knows it  ...  You mention going out for pizza in Arizona and most everyone from back east figures they are going to suffer through a lousy meal.  But Bill has done something different.  In a state filled with mediocrity (or less), he has taken pizza to an art form.

You think Pizza Bianco with all their national publicity  is Number 1 in the state of Arizona ??? ... WRONG ... Yes Bianco has great pizza (i've eaten there and enjoyed it even though they have the most uncomfortable seating as everyone is packed together like sardines), but Ill Bosco is better (check the other YELP reviews to see if i am just blowing smoke).

And eating at Bill's is comfortable ... plenty of elbow room and a vibe that makes you appreciate Scottsdale ... you just want to sit and enjoy which is something very rare in 2014.

And to top it all off the owner is a Gem ... When you walk in, it's like being part of a family.  You won't be coming just once ... Give it a try ... You'll see.
