5zDP3Y2hdh6GJL9DVbQ2KA My husband and I went to this restaurant on 6/8/13 for the first time. Saw some pretty good reviews and thought it was worth a try. We will not go back again. 

Here are the reasons why

Service: 
1) It was a nightmare. The water had a funny taste to it. We ordered unsweetened ice tea. The waitress never came back to refill our glasses. Finally refilled our glass when someone next to us asked her and then she filled our glass that was like 15 minutes my glass was empty. 

2) The waitress was either forgetful or too lazy to get us the correct drink. We ordered "Unsweetened" ice tea, not sweeten ice tea. She gave us sweeten ice tea 2x when she refill our glass. We didn't bother to tell her that it was wrong and see how long it would take for her to realize it was the wrong tea. She refilled us when she was refilling another couple with the same ice tea. She didn't notice and didn't apologize for the wrong drink. It was terrible. I wanted unsweetened ice tea b/c sweetened ice tea gave me heartburns. 

3) The tip options were set for you. You basically have no other choice except to give 18% tip for bad service or 20% tip for regular service. It was set on a handheld machine.

Overall service, it was terrible. The waitress came to check on us once during the entire meal. Keep giving us the wrong ice tea. 

Food:
1) It is way over priced with the quality of the food they serve. We ordered an appetizer and 2 basic main course, Arancine $10, Chicken Piccata $20 and Chicken Scallopini $20.  

2) Both main course dishes were cover with tones of sauce like swimming in a oval platter tub. The chicken piccata sauce was terrible, lemon juice and cream, way too much lemon juice gave my husband heartburn immediately. 

3) Chicken Piccata only had the lemon cream sauce and a few capers with a couple of small chicken breast and an abundance of pasta on the side. The pasta had no taste to it, just basic crushed tomato sauce on top, no seasoning what so ever. My husband is Italian and grew up in a big Italian family. He hated the food. 

4) Chicken Scallopini was also swimming in a oval tub platter with pasta on the side as well. A chicken breast was pounded to death. The other chicken breast thickness was uneven. Another small piece of chicken breast somehow crawled into my plate look like some leftover. 

5) Arancine, rice ball with mozzarella and peas. It was not worth $10 for 3 rice ball. It was not good at all. I guess that was the reason why they gave us a big bowl of red tomato chili sauce on the side. One bite, I was done with the dish. 

Overall food, it was terrible. Not worth coming back., not worth the price. The food on the menu is simple, and you will probably think it shouldn't be too bad. Well for some who likes tones of sauce on their food and throws anything in their mouth and think is good, yes, this place isn't bad at all then. 

Total bill for 1 appetizer 2 main course plus 2 ice tea & 18 % tip is $70+

You could definitely spend the same amount of money elsewhere for better service and food.
