64o_nYvzIKwHFOSYSEm-qw We order from here for the office and have them deliver for better service.  There with the delivery service of whole pizzas you are getting something. I think you will find value.  Large pizza with good ingredients and toppings delivered to the office when they promise.  The pizza tastes good.  It is delivered when they promise.  We have had a few mistakes and then will make it right doing what ever they need to do to satisfy the customer.  No complaint at all would keep doing it and plan to.  Thank you.  

In the store is a different story.  Thus, the reason for the two stars.  It was a favorite lunch spot for a long time.  We used to go to the location on Las Vegas Bldv. south and order pizza by the slice.  They had the same employees there over the years.  They had a very busy lunch crowd.  They had specials too where you could get cheese and a drink.  They have specialty pizza in the display for sale like chicken, Hawaiian, lasagna, and veg.  They would recognize us when we came in and make the visit fun.  

However, that all changed some time in the summer of 2017.  When we went there it was probably August of 2017.  I have not been back to the store for lunch since.  The regular employees were gone and had been gone for some time.  The crowds died down because they are running off all of the customers.  People don't want to be ripped off.  They have options.  There are actually about ten other places to eat within a quarter mile of this place and even in the same strip shopping plaza.   

The reason the place is empty for lunch customers is the PRICE INCREASE.  They raised the prices.  Me and my co-worker have quit coming after this.  Two people each getting two slices and a small drink during lunch and the bill comes out to more than $22.00?!. That's insane.  I have been to Joe's pizza by the slice . . . . .oh, I don't know, maybe more than 100 times over the years.  Always get the same thing.  Two slices and a drink for me and two slices and a drink for my friend.  I know how much it should be.  It never ever came out to more than $20.00.  Did you think that people wouldn't notice?  Then the price changed.  I said something and then the woman showed me my receipt and said this is the price.  Four slices and two drinks.  Looked at the receipt (don't remember what they raised the pizza to) but I do remember they jacked to small drink price to something like $2.45.  Really? Won't go back.  Are you kidding me?  I hope this place closes.
