65kCKrnO3SulNYEen0itGg A little late in writing this review but realized it had to be written because people should be forewarned.

I came in a couple weeks ago to pick up a pizza I had called in an order for. When I got there, the pizza wasn't done. Not a huge deal since I didn't have anywhere else to be right away, but it would be nice to get an accurate estimate when calling ahead - if you're slammed, err on the longer side so your customers aren't waiting while their cars are heating up in 110 degree weather. Also, the pizza was undercooked and had a ton of cornmeal (or something) all over the bottom. Not appetizing at all.

But the real kicker was this: While I was waiting, I stood back from the counter a little bit when in walked two homeless people (you'll soon understand why that's relevant). One of them placed their order for various items which included a couple slices. 

Brace yourselves. The other person was looking on as the owner/manager (I assume because she was older) was struggling to get a couple shoddily sliced pieces onto a metal tray to warm in the oven. She didn't have gloves on so she was fumbling around with tongs and a spatula - hilarious, but I digress. There's this little space between the window and the counter and the pizza started to slide to the customer side of the glass partition because the pieces would not come loose when, I kid you not, the homeless woman began pinching the crust with her bare, visibly filthy hands.

It didn't seem that the manager noticed because she was too busy trying not to touch the pizza herself - how ironic. Anyway, my pizza was done a minute later and I got the manager's attention and quietly told her that she should toss the rest of that pizza for obvious reasons. She laughed, said "Yeah, right. I would have noticed that. I can manage my own business, thanks." and walked away.

DEAL. BREAKER. I feel terrible for anyone else that might have eaten slices of that pizza because the manager was too cheap to trash it. I'll be going elsewhere!
