65kCKrnO3SulNYEen0itGg "Man, Tim....another pizza review?"  Yup.

I had this place bookmarked for quite some time.  When I first moved down here to Phoenix, I had gone to the Isa's down on Bell Rd.  I thought it was decent, but it was too far away for me to come back regularly.  I saw that they had another branch located closer to work so I decided to come down today to check it out.  

I walked in and was intrigued by the sign of "2 slices and a drink for $5.00" sign.  That is a smoking good deal!  I was browsing the slice selection and it was a little bit skimp.  There were single slices remaining on most of the pizzas and then a half of a Hawaiian pie left.  I decided to go with 2 slices of that and a drink.  I guess that the Hawaiian is a "specialty" pie or something, because my total was $6.50 instead of $5.00.  Still a good deal IMO.  The lady behind the counter was incredibly friendly and nice!  I paid her my money and she said she would bring my pizza out to me.  I grabbed my drink (Coke products) and sat down.  This place is a tad small and tight...there were other people eating and you kind of had to squeeze and slide around the tables as to not bump into them.  I think my large derriere actually hit some chicks chair.  My bad!  Anyways, here is how everything was...............

Hawaiian Pizza-  The lady placed these slices in front of me and they looked and smelled great!  These slices are HUGE.  They were piping hot and fresh out of the oven.  I took a bite and was impressed.  The bottom crust was crisp, the cheese was melted perfect, and the toppings were plentiful!  I was pressed on time so I had to scarf them down pretty quick!  The slices were so hot, I ate most of them with my fork.  I picked up the crust though and enjoyed that.  The end crust was a little bit too dry and not as chewy as I prefer, but it was still good and fit this type of pizza very well.

Overall, I liked it a lot.  I got there at a bad time (2:30pm) so they didn't have a wide variety to choose from, but to their credit, on the way out, they were pulling fresh pies out of the oven to restock their supply.  For a straight up slice spot, I think this might be the best place around in/near Deer Valley.  I know I will definitely be back to try out some of their other kinds of pizza!  Can't beat the value and customer service either!  Good stuff!
