_7tBGb6yVoiSiHq9NfQk8A I came here for to celebrate my 28th birthday, and was very impressed with the service and overall experience, despite some initial hangups.

Going into the restaurant (which is located on Dundas, next to a large chain mall with a Walmart), I was intrigued to discover that they had only opened two weeks earlier. This is despite having congratulatory certificates from the City of Mississauga on its opening in August 2015 - I assume that these were from another location that was nearby and closed, or from the restaurant before it was renovated. Regardless, I knew to keep my expectations fully in check.

The meal started out very slow, as we had to wait for a long time for salad, bread and refills. Our server, Colin, was very apologetic, and we could see that there was a sudden influx of people lined up by the door, and in subzero weather no less. Later on, he and another server mentioned in passing that there were problems with the restaurant's automated order system, which was causing orders to get backlogged and delayed. I attributed it to growing pains, although I understand there was another family sitting next to us who was dealing with the exact same problem and eventually got fed up and left.

The food was a mixed bag overall. The dish I ordered (double-bacon carbonara) and the one my mother ordered (chicken tetrazzini) was hot and tasted great, but everyone else's dishes had to be sent back. My grandmother's grilled chicken was dry, while my grandfather's hamburger and fries was overcooked/cold, respectively. We ended up sending three of the dishes back, and the server told us that those would be comp'd for us.

Why, then, am I giving this four stars? The servers were all incredibly polite and focused on making sure we had a great experience, despite how busy the restaurant was. The entire staff made time to come out and sing to me for my birthday, the server (Colin) was very apologetic and got to us as quickly as he could, and in the end, the manager decided to comp our entire meal, which was an unexpected surprise.

If you go in with your expectations firmly in check (after all, the restaurant did open two weeks earlier, as of this review's publication date), you'll have a good time. I noticed how lively and energized the atmosphere of the restaurant was. I would definitely go back again, and I had a great experience overall.

Recommended.
