6CZWoa243QGhfDW9jt6TkQ Paul's Yelp Elite Rating: 4.35 Stars

I've been patronizing Clover Joe's for as long as I've worked Uptown, as they used to have a Food Truck across the street from where I work. Now they have their own shop in the Latta Arcade, and they have had the ability to expand their menu, and offer up even more goodies than what they were limited to in their truck.

To me, when I think of Clover Joe's, I think of NY ITALIAN SAUSAGE! In speaking with the owners, they import all their sausage fresh from Arthur Avenue in Brooklyn. Although I am not from NYC, this has a taste of "home" to me as I'm guess that all Big City Italian sausage makers use similar recipes, and this is what I remember the local Chicago Hot Dog/Beef/Sausage shops offering.....it's that Sweet Fennel that makes this sausage, and I LOVE IT!

So fast forward to lunch today, and I'm CRAVING that Italian Sausage, and Clover Joe's whips it up fast and tasty on a fresh Italian roll, complete with fried onions, green peppers and Mozzerela cheese. Nothing else is needed for this scrumptious sandwich. They also have fresh cut fries which are delicious (they didn't have a fryer in the truck so this is great that they can offer fresh fries now!). This sausage sandwich gets a PERFECT 5 YELP ELITE STARS from me!

They have many other offerings now too. Their burgers are good, but their Cheesesteak is REALLY good! Probably the BEST in Uptown! They always have daily specials, like Hot Italian subs, Reubens, Salads, and several other savory delights!

They do NOT have places to sit inside the restaurant. While they own the main floor, they also own the Upstairs space, and while the originally INTENDED to use this space as seating for their restaurant, they decided to rent it to a Yoga business. Apparently it is more profitable for them to do this. I understand that. But unless it's summer or warm out, you will have to take these goodies TO GO. Thus my 4 star rating.

But to be fair and clear, in COMPARISON to other similar sandwich shops, Clover Joe's is a 5 STAR establishment. It's a Mom and Pops operation and the food is delicious and affordable! Just have to take it to go.

HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
