6D4L8YpkhAh_YwaLmhoMNg Gathering place to share, to meet, to know, to get to know.  This dinner was a celebration of past, present and future for a sweet young barely 25 year old woman (who calls me Aunt Suzie - known her since she was a baby) who battled breast cancer & went into complete remission this past month. 

Many people & cultures "define events through food" & associate food with feelings and identity. In ancient times, sharing one's meal symbolized hospitality and goodwill.  If one was breaking bread with someone, it indicated friendship, truce, fellowship, an alliance, & harmony. And I can't think of a holiday that doesn't center around or end in eating!  

Therefore, celebratory meals will always remain part of human culture.  And this dinner at Romano's Macaroni Grill was truly celebratory!

Romano's Macaroni Grill-Gold Dust management (especially Chris & Tim) & staff handled our large party of nearly 50 people in an exemplary manner. 

I was amazed by how smoothly the whole evening flowed (from when I arrived & escorted to check in table in back to a semi enclosed banquet room) & how well organized they handled such a large group in conjunction with H.O.W.  Helping One Woman-Scottsdale Chapter (honoring one woman who's had a devastating loss in past 12 months) 'Girls' Night Out', on the third Tuesday of every month. 

I was presented with 3 main entree choices with salad, bread, non-alcoholic drink, tax & tip for such an amazingly great price.  They even extended their happy hour prices with their glasses of wine with their signature honor system. If you needed anything or special requests/changes; they immediately with friendly professionalism took care of it.  My food was delicious. 

They even donated a very impressive RAFFLE prize (red & white bottles of wine with a large bottle of olive oil). WOW!!  Seriously impressed with their caring & professionalism.  

Will definitely recommend them for large parties, get togethers or fund raisers. Plus they have great specials like their Express Dinner Counter 'dine in' or to go $9 in 9 minutes or it's free.
