6H8xfhoZ2IGa3eNiY5FqLA I googled a place that served squid ink pasta in Las Vegas, and this is one of the places that popped up and was still reasonably priced.  I read the reviews and decided to give it a whirl.  

It is nestled in Chinatown right next to Monta and Raku (great places, as well).  Came in for dinner, a party of 4, and were seated right away.  The place is quaint and intimate, yet casual and easygoing.  The server was super sweet, explained the menu, and was very attentive.  For starters we ordered the kobe beef carpaccio and salmon carpaccio.  The kobe beef carpaccio was served beautifully simple--pounded paper thin slices of kobe beef, drizzled with a extra virgin olive oil/ lemon sauce, topped with capers, arugula, and shavings of parmesan.  Really tasty!  It was a little on the chewy side, but the flavor never got too gamey, so I really liked it.  The salmon carpaccio was served up on top of a bed of mixed greens, topped with a citrus sauce, and thin slices of kiwi and oranges.  Also very tasty!  

Onto the main courses.  I ordered the squid ink spaghetti, of course.  It has a wonderful garlic flavor.  The hints of squid ink were never overpowering and was perfectly complimented by the few pieces of basil that garnished the pasta.  The pieces of squid were perfectly cooked--not too chewy.  

Now, I can't remember the exact names of these dishes, but I'll try my best to describe them lol.  My boyfriend got the shrimp and scallop linguine served in a white cream sauce.  I liked it, but he said it tasted too "seafoody" towards the end.  My friend had the shrimp and asparagus spaghetti served in marinara.  That had a strong asparagus flavor, but delicious as well.  He finished the entire dish; I'm assuming he liked it.  My other friend ordered the uni tomato cream spaghetti.  A little daunting because she's not a fan of uni, my friend was a little hesitant to order this dish, but our server gave it some rave reviews and said it was one of the best sellers.  The uni flavor was not overpowering at all.  Just enough.  Creamy and delicious.  It would be even better if they had served it with another seafood element, like shrimp or langoustines (yum!).

Finally, we ordered the black sesame pudding and blanc manger.  It was so satisfying at the end of the meal.  The black sesame pudding was somewhat reminiscent of red bean.  It was perfectly complimented by the creamy, sweet blanc manger ladled on top of the pudding and the fresh strawberry and blackberry that garnished the dessert.  

I believe the bill came out to about $125ish without tip; I had also ordered a glass of red wine.  Not bad for the four of us, I would say.  I was definitely glad I gave up my no-pasta rule for this lovely meal!
