6kD0vTLj3oZJm7kXRSvfKw They used to have decent Italian food. Not any more. We visited Sorrento in September 2012 just after they opened.

The new place is very nice compared to the old location which was dated and tacky. We grabbed a seat at the bar and ordered water and a glass of Chianti. We got the water but the wine was another story. The bottle at the bar was empty so they asked someone to grab another. That was 15 minutes. Our calamari was almost gone before we got wine. The calamari was excellent. Fresh, lightly breaded, great marinara sauce with small chinks of tomato. Off to a decent start food-wise, but that's the best it got.

My salad was fairly fresh but the tomato was one of those plastic, dull red/orange wedges devoid of any flavor whatsoever. Shame on them. Around here, in September, local gardens are overflowing with delicious, ripe, usually organic tomatoes that will knock your socks off. I ordered their vinaigrette dressing. I got plain vinegar and oil. Zero herbs in the dressing. Strike...4? I go to wipe my mouth, and notice my napkin has old tomato sauce caked all around one of the corners. Nasty!

Meanwhile, behind the small bar, 3 people are bumping into each other trying to either serve drinks or stock the bar. We'd been there 20-25 minutes and already we'd heard glass breaking twice. The 2nd time, the bartender broke glass right into the ice and STILL SERVED DRINKS WITH IT!!! Although she did check to see if there was glass in the bin when she broke the wine glass, she didn't catch it. Another bartender did a few minutes later after some glasses of water had gone out to the dining room.

Time for the entrees. I ordered sausage, peppers, and onions with rigatoni. My date got the linguini and white clam sauce. I could immediately tell I wasn't going to love my entree.  The pasta was all broken up (a sign of cheap and/or overcooked pasta. In this case I think it was cheap pasta), the sausage looked like it had been boiled with no brown skin at all, and there was very little sauce. My date's dish had almost no flavor at all. No garlic, no wine, no lemon, not even salt. Looked like all it had was canned clams in juice, a little dried basil/oregano, and some dried parsley. Fresh garlic, basil, and parsley are an absolute MUST for a good white clam sauce. You can get by without the wine or by adding cheaper bottled lemon juice, but you have to have the fresh herbs.

We didn't get bread with our entrees which isn't unusual but so many Italian restaurants pride themselves on their bread these days. If you want to stand out, make your own bread.

The staff, from what I could tell, were friendly and attentive, but with any new restaurant, some seemed like they were still trying to find their groove in new surroundings. Prices were on par with the old location and with similar restaurants, and possibly even lower. Cheaper than Olive Garden, but when it comes to quality, I'll go to Olive Garden next time. Sorry Sorrento's, you struck out several times on a single visit. No chance I'll be back.
