6nLuU3av6aQiLVXHNWLbew Drove to New Glarus to eat pizza here. Ordered an app and a pizza. Selections of signature pizza based on fast food favorites and menu descriptions compare toppings tp McDonalds. Most likely great for kids. The offerings did not appear to be aimed at who actually eats in Downtown NGlarus, out of towers .
Asked for NA beer, there was none.(was driving) 
The server did not explain anything to us, no menu tour, what to expect, etc. F ound the beer menu under the condiment caddy after pizza arrived. Never learn the servers name, she appeared to not know what was on the menu or have a sense of how to approach us, wanted to fill her order pad...
The pizza  looked great. The thin crust ordered was off putting due to the cheese piled on. There was so much; about six parts cheese to one part crust, that the crust that crackled when just cut, turned to a soggy saltine once cooled. The cheese is unamed on the menu, a mistake if the the local cheese factory is really involved...Silver Lewis Co-op names Sugar River as a customer.  Good to know if reality food is important.
The cheese blend is a chewy one, with the heavy hand on peril ing, once cooled after the second slice, the cheese returned to the original, pre baked mass intended to be melted. The cheese is unsalted and and mostly, if not all, a part skim mozzarella. Ok if you are not looking for it to be melted and digestible.
There was a marked absence of any type of personality in this restaurant. It looked unplanned, no decor, no history, no photos, no salt And pepper shakers...
They are located at the end of the block on seventh street and the website doesn't
Say much. 
They are a take out company that appears well financed to go into a sit down place. The smallest pizza with three toppings cost 15. And although tasty, the chewy over portioned cheese and no small Salad offerings put me at a disadvantage to recommend this spot. Should they get the menu and pizza construction lined up to a full service restaurant, they could be a great addition to NGlarus.
