-6h3K1hj0d4DRcZNUtHDuw Atmosphere - If the Pope decided to make a bootlegged version of the Cheesecake Factory and build it smack-dab in the middle of the Vatican you would have Brio Tuscan Grill. I know, I know, the Vatican is nowhere near Tuscany, but I think you get my point.  

Service - Have you ever disturbed an anthill and watched the whole colony explode with activity? That's how Brio felt tonight. There were servers, bussers and ancillary staff hastily moving about, keeping everything in order.  Like a finely tuned machine, every angle was covered, every crumb quickly swept aside.  Did that teenager just windex my menu? Henry Ford would be proud, for apparently the US restaurant industry has become a quintessential assembly line operation. If the formula if followed, so too will profits. 

Food - The food tastes great. Is that any surprise? Among other things, my entree contained the following ingredients... lobster, shrimp, fettucini, mushrooms, asparagus and heavy cream.  I am almost insulted they didn't throw bacon, truffles and a few sticks of butter in there. I love food and I was really hungry, so what I had for dinner at Brio would be the equivalent of giving an alcoholic a bottle of Louis XIII Cognac and asking if they like the taste of it.  Effin A yeah I liked it! What do you expect? There are some foods on this wondrous planet of ours that simply taste incredible regardless of the setting. I should have ordered the roast chicken so I would have a better idea of weather or not this place really knows how to cook. Oh, we also had the fried ravioli appetizer. Stuffed with ricotta resting on top of a very good marinara sauce. Don't even get me started.  

Summary - Either way, what I had was very good, but it's nothing that you can't get from about a dozen other Italian chains out there.  It's like the macaroni grill but with larger portions, nicer bathrooms and a 30% price hike.  Next time I am starving, craving a rich, creamy pasta dish and I happen to be in the neighborhood I'll probably come here again. 

And lastly, the red wine served at Brio is effective, as I am sure you can tell from the above review.
