72s7cTvPgI_meydNhX-JMA Vincent's of Greentree is nothing like the castle of horror known as Vincent's Pizza Park. This safe, suburban pizzeria is akin to a large family's home, complete with decks and commodious dining rooms on two floors. I nearly expected to be greeted by the Bradys or the Bradfords. At Vincent's Pizza Park, you might be greeted by Vincent...Price! 

He's dead...I knoooowww...

Instead we were met by a bartender who told us "Anywhere's fine." 

And more than fine was the food. Baked Artichoke Hearts began our meal in a tart, juicy, savory manner. Dusted with bread crumbs and Romano cheese, each morsel of this simple, elegant appetizer positively bled garlic butter and white wine. 

As I stated in a seminal review that has become a cult classic in Yelp circles, Vincent's Pizza Park is a beast that crawled up from the Netherworld to hunt, kill, and devour saner pies like the ones Vincent's of Greentree serves. 

VoG's held its own however, pulling a sharpened holy artifact from its satchel and plunging it deep into VPP's hide at precisely the crucial moment, making the evil monstrosity of a pizza cry out in agony to ensure a narrow escape. 

VoG's pizza is the Neon Knight to VPP's Thing That Should Not Be, the errant warrior-cleric to the depraved troll that is a VPP pie. 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XZkIkTxgu4k

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LIj60VJQ8Wo&feature=related

VoG's pizza has a crust with a luxuriously plush yet chewy and gently crisp texture that makes arriving at the end of each slice a pleasure in itself. A Manna of a mozzarella/provolone blend coats a layer of tomato sauce so ruddy, so succulent, it may cure vampirism by providing an alternative to blood. 

Making this pizza all the more special was that it was a Seafood Pizza. Topped with a medley of scallops, clams, and shrimp, everything came out of the oven unscathed, not one thing at all lacking in undersea flavors. Seafood pizzas are a risk-taker's pizza. They're not always bad; they're not always good. VoG's was a victorious oceanic feast on a bed of dough. 

Having had enough food, we skipped dessert, but don't skip Vincent's of Greentree. They are worth a fly-by. 

P.S. I'm knocking off a star for a server that was inattentive at times. 

P.P.S. That seafood pizza can be had with either white or red sauce. 

P.P.S. They are open late most of the week, closing at midnight from Monday through Thursday and 1AM on Friday and Saturday nights.
