7cK9uEV09iPmsTqOqmY3kQ *Realized this got posted to their Bake Shop Yelp page instead, so posted here now.

LGO is what I believe to be one of Phoenix's coolest CONCEPTS. The execution of their plan, however is subpar. I understand it's supposed to be quaint and they've been in the same spot years and why they wouldn't expand so the rest of the people complaining about space should remember the kind of environment they're going for. However, given the fact that there is lack of space inside the restaurant and for parking, the "servers" should be a little more aware of their surroundings and to be be blunt, they should be a little more customer-service oriented. They are, for lack of a better term, rude. YOU WORK IN A RESTAURANT AND A BUSY ONE, PEOPLE ARE PAYING YOU FOR YOUR SERVICE. So take a minute and slow down. The last time I was in there, two separate employees actually ran into me, when they could have avoided it by slowing down and looking where they were going. Not to mention, NEITHER of them said excuse me or apologized. They also don't make way for customers, instead, they just keep walking and allow the customers to make way for them. 

These employees are so disorganized and frantic. So much so that even when I call in an order and come early and let them know I'm there, they still let my pizza sit and I still take home cold pizza. 

Also last time I was in, I first went to the coffee bar to look at that menu and I'm aware that is not where you typically order or pick up. While I was at that station, I asked a girl who was organizing her book if they had matcha. She looked at me like I was inconveniencing her for asking that and confused, then said I don't think so and walked away. Then another employee walked up and said, and I quote, "actually you don't order here, you can go over to where the line is," in a very rude manner. 

I think the concept is great, it is overall very quaint and delicious when the employees don't let my food sit and get cold. Great environment, great music, valet & self-parking available, I have no problems with those things I have seen other complaints about. I do, however, have a problem with their employees being so rushed (I UNDERSTAND YOU'RE BUSY) and so rude. I hope that management sees this and really considers hiring some people that can handle themselves under stress, are more aware of their surroundings and are more friendly.
