7cK9uEV09iPmsTqOqmY3kQ How is it possible that I haven't reviewed my love; LGO? Well, better late than never and that's definitely the case with this. 

I'm not sure what I can say that hasn't already been said, but LGO is a classic gem in Phoenix. It's nestled among quaint houses full of character and as you walk in, you'll most likely see several beach cruisers parked along the building, waiting for their owners who take a morning bike ride to grab a bite to eat. 

I visit LGO when I want to pretend that I'm in California or on the ocean, or in Europe or even if I want to forget that it's 100+ degrees outside. I visit LGO when I need to do work but want to get out of my normal routine. I can grab some food and set up shop at one of the several tables or booths, or even outside. Plus, I don't need to worry about my battery dying here, for they have several power outlets so I can keep my computer's juices flowing for hours. 

The scene here is crazy, cool, relaxing and fun all at the same time. I'll see every type of Phoenician here and they all blend and vibe with each other like it's no big deal. The music is going, the kitchen is hustling with orders, people are chatting with old and new friends and the smell of freshly baked goods and coffee fill the air. 

The food here is delicious. Where to even start? Well for starters, I'll touch upon the breakfast. If I'm feeling fatty and in a hurry, I'll opt for one of their delicious muffins. If I'm feeling healthy and in a hurry, I'll go for the yogurt, granola and fruit. And...if I'm feeling fatty and lazy, I'll order one of their delicious hot meals and sit there and enjoy it. Lunchtime is my favorite and it most likely has something to do with their food. I adore the tuna melt but I only order it on calorie-counting free days. I also like the tuna salad, and turkey stack sandwich. Anything on their menu is amazing. Now moving on to dinner. Yes friends, they serve the famous Chelsea's hamburger here, so I can fulfill my cravings without having to fight the Chelsea's crowds. Their pizza is for champions and delectable. The pizza kitchen doesn't open until four and goes until late hours in the night. It's a perfect spot for a casual yet tasty meal. 

I will leave with a couple additional tidbits of fun facts. They sell the reusable plastic glasses that are trending up the city these days. While it's pricey on the front end ($12+), you can then fill it with coffee (even iced) or tea for I want to say just a dollar or two which isn't bad! 

Craving LGO but can't find a space or better yet, too lazy to get out and walk in like I am half the time? Luckily the lazy fairies are watching over us for LGO offers some excellent curbside pick-up. I will call on my way there, drive in, park, they come right out, I give them my card, they grab the food, I pay, and I'm on my way. It's seamless and I love it... just like I love LGO as a whole. I wish they opened one walking distance to me.
