7eQoxWr9RzyCB9IFvqHUPA I came here on a Saturday night, with a Groupon. It's a small establishment with a compact parking lot, and both were jam-packed. Luckily, someone was leaving as I was pulling into the lot, so I was able to grab a spot. (I don't know if they have an overflow lot, but they should.) 

Once inside, I quickly observed the "Please Wait to be Seated" sign.  We were asked how many were in our party, after which the hostess/waitress (they seem to be one in the same) scurried off to assess the availability.  As said earlier, it was packed, and there were others also waiting.  I was thinking we'd have to wait forever and that my starving spirit animal would come bursting out of my abdomen, like in those beef jerky commercials. But we ended up waiting no more than about 5 minutes before we were shown to a booth. (I love booths!)

DESIGNATED VEGAN MENU:
There's a vegan menu inserted inside of their regular menu.  The waitress said that patrons keep taking them out, so if you want the vegan menu and don't see it, just ask for one. 
The vegan options include appetizers, hot stuffed sandwiches, pasta, calzone, pizzas, and desserts.  It wasn't listed on the menu, but they also have a vegan cheesecake, which you can get topped with chocolate syrup or mixed berry sauce. 


My order:
Veggieballs in buffalo hot sauce -  They are described as vegan meatballs, so I'm thinking faux-beef "meat" balls. I was pleasantly surprised when I cut into one and found actual vegetables: peas, string beans, carrots, & corn. They were positively delicious. A slightly crispy coating covered in a proper buffalo sauce, which had a legit heat level. Excellent dish for only $5.95. Comes w/ vegan ranch and carrot sticks. 

Vegan Spaghetti with soy sausage, $8.50 - (Beautiful presentation.) The pasta noodles were cooked perfectly al dente. The sauce and the soy sausage were bland, however.  Aside from flavor, I don't know what to say that it was lacking. A dash of this? A splash of that? Not sure, but it was a pretty big boring bowl of blah. I kept furiously twirling my fork in the saucy mix, thinking that maybe the flavor was at the bottom somewhere, clicking its heels thrice and trying to get back home, but no luck. If you avoid salt/seasoning (and flavor), as well as meat, then this is your dish. I liked the vegan garlic bread though. 


Dessert-
Vegan cheesecake w/ mixed berry sauce, $6.50 - I never ate cheese before going vegan, but I used to eat cheesecake (weird, I know), so I do have something with which to compare vegan versions. I have had some better-than-real-cheesecake vegan cheesecakes, but this isn't one of them. I did not like it. The cheesecake had a weird, grainy, earthy taste to it. And it was like, almost smooth & creamy, (*singing* Ooooh, we're 1/2 way theeeere...) but it didn't quite make it there.  Silver lining? The crust and mixed berry sauce were both good.

Angel bites, $4.95 - (If you've ever been to France or New Orleans, think beignets, except here, they are vegan.) They cover theirs with cinnamon and powdered sugar, and they offer you one of 3 dipping sauces: agave, chocolate, or caramel. (The caramel is NOT vegan, fyi.) I chose the chocolate. O-M-G. These suitably named bites of awesomeness brought me life. They came out hot, fresh & ready to be devoured. This is one of those treats that you want to eat right away because you know they won't taste the same later. But they give you so many! (Which is a great thing!) You can easily share this dessert with 2 or more people.


Non vegan:
My non-veggie DD got the Mozzarella Sticks as an appetizer, and the Cajun Chicken Alfredo pasta w/ shrimp added. She liked the pasta, but said it was definitely spicy.  



Nice ambience, especially for dates. I don't know if they take reservations, but I suggest asking, especially for busy weekend nights.  As busy as they were, the staff was still nice and attentive. The owner was making rounds and asking patrons how their meals were. Cool little bistro. Great for vegans dining with omnivores.  I'll go back for more buffalo Veggieballs and Angel Bites.
