7eQoxWr9RzyCB9IFvqHUPA "...Oh it's you sweet baby
I will never be free from your embrace, sweet baby
Only hopin' it's not too late to try again
It's you sweet baby
Ever lost and captured by your smile, sweet baby
I will always be right there by your side, right by your side..."
(George Duke - Sweet Baby)

 I'm sappy, I know! 

Pining (yearning deeply) for my wife, as we enjoy our evening together in this beautiful Friday evening.

It was hard to withhold my emotions when the apartment across the street, brought back a memory of what seemed like ages past.

I was in college then, and I was picking up some friends at that complex - since I was always the designated driver. As I waited for my friends to get ready, I would sing this song out in the balcony. 

And when my friends came out of their apartment, they would immediately make fun of me stating, "There goes Stephen again singing to the trees!" They'd get a big laugh out of it, and encourage me to quit singing and go meet some girls. 

Little did they know that my heart was already smitten by then, and all these years later, that girl sits across from me to this very day! Many years may have passed, but the passing of time hasn't diminished my passion for her. 

Her presence still moves me in ways that I can never explain, nor ever take for granted!

We wound up here because this was finals week, and she wasn't wanting to endure the normal prolonged wait for any of our regular haunts in Mid-Town Phoenix. Also, we just wanted a change in venue, and the promise of Live Music was as much a draw, as the promise of great pizza and wings.

We ordered a Large Special with Mild Wings. For added measure, we also ordered a small dinner salad.

Juan, our server, was just so friendly. He was polite, prompt, and propitious. He was attentive to all the pertinent details regarding our dining experience, and was careful enough to explain all the particulars. He really seemed like he enjoyed what he did, and it really did show.

An added bonus to our dining experience was the addition of the promised Live Music entertainment. A pretty young lady, with an angelic voice, was singing a variety of songs while playing her guitar. Her musical accompaniment was a gentleman playing a Yamaha Keyboard, who at times also sang the background vocals. 

Both entertainers were very adept at their craft, and the variety of their selection of music was quite pleasing - especially some of the love songs that she belted out. It truly made for a wonderful backdrop to our overall experience.

When the pizza and the wings arrived, they were as good as the other reviewers had mentioned. Perhaps, not the very best that we have ever tasted, but certainly well above average.

We like thin crust pizza, with all the toppings, and the crust not being overdone. And our pizza was just perfect in this regard - neither under-cooked or overcooked. This then, resulted in the toppings retaining their wonderful flavor; as well as, the crust not having that burnt taste that often accompanies a poorly prepared pizza.

The sauce on the wings were not overly saliferous, which enabled my wife to enjoy them - even though she doesn't often eat wings. This was a  good testament to their moderation when preparing the wings bathed in hot sauce.

It was just a perfect dining experience to share with my Beloved!

And as we walked up to pay at the front counter; the manager, the other servers, and Juan all asked us if we enjoyed our dining experience. It's one thing to ask, but they all seemed so sincere about their inquiry that it gave us a warm feeling that this place not only serves great food, has great entertainment on the weekends, but they also have staff and management that truly cares about their customer.

This may not be the fanciest, or largest dining establishments in the area; but their diminutive building size belies the immensity of their caring service!
