7fxebHYUwIF6CakxSr70iQ Our room deal included a $100 food credit at select restaurants, really more like a coupon since we had to use it all at once at one establishment. Lucky for a friend and I we were the only ones to arrive in time for dinner to use it (the rest of the weekend was preplanned) and decided to "splurge" at Carnevino. We really just wanted to try the food at a Mario Batali restaurant and this was the only one on the list for the food credit. Though the tables were all reserved on a Friday evening it was no problem getting a seat at the bar where we were able to order from the dinner menu though it's a bit weird to be eating at a "fine dining" establishment that looks out over the casino.

We managed to order the right amount of food so that the total bill including tax came out to $100.53 - complete optimization of our food credit. Of course we paid tip in cash. Since we weren't interested in steak we went a little crazy on the lobster.....

VENETIAN SPRITZ ($12) - Aperol liqueur, Prosecco, orange slice, olive
comes in a giant goblet and is very refreshing

LOBSTER SALAD ($32) - brioche, lemon & spring vegetables
pretty good though overpriced as expected

SPAGHETTI AI FRUTTI DI MARE ($31) - slightly spicy with clams, giant shrimp, lobster, and calamari
didn't think the seafood was as good as in the lobster salad, some of it felt mealy, pasta was perfect though we could have used more, half the dish was the seafood, i mean really, pasta isn't that expensive just throw in some more!

ROASTED BEETS WITH PISTACHIOS AND GORGONZOLA ($9)
not a very interesting preparation since the pistachios were left whole so therefore you couldn't eat it together with the beets, perhaps they could have chopped the pistachios so it stud on the beets, also not very much gorgonzola, could barely see it let alone taste it

FRIED EGGPLANT WITH TOMATO & RICOTTA ($9)
a very simple and elegant preparation of eggplant though again there was hardly any cheese involved

Would I come here without my food credit footing the bill? Probably not.
