7fxebHYUwIF6CakxSr70iQ MARIO!!!!!!

We went here because it had Mario's name on it and was recommended as a better option to (Emeril's) Delmonico's by the super foodie general manager at B&B Ristorante - Lori.  She evangelized the incredible care and selection the meats choices when through to arrive at the table.  I also thought what does this 90lb wet little woman know about eating slabs of meat?!  But I did not want to eat at Del's again and this place was close.  And I have not put something of Mario's in my mouth that I did not think was a cut above.

We start at the bar.  It is a nice area in an average location just off the slot machines.  Sit at the bar and not at a table or you will have the oh so pleasant, "CHING, CHING, CHING, WHEEL of FORTUNE ringing you your head forever.

The bartender was very friendly and helpful - Steve.  We started with about 5 liters of Lurisia sparkling water - my all time favorite bottled water.  We wanted some tiny (alcoholic) bubbles so opted for the Processco.  Steve recommended we go for the magnum size as it was a better value - and BOY did it look cool.

We thought the wait might be an hour, so we went right into the apps.  Steak Tartare (or Cannibal Mount as it is called in Joy of Cooking - yikes!) was very well made; I would have like a piece of toast to host and scoop it up.

And the second thing we ordered....queue the angels music...AAHHHHHAAAAHHHHH...HOLY FFFFFFF! We had this absolutely insanely incredible lobster crudo (Italian sushi-style raw fish).  It was like sweet, soft, creamy butter with a light lobstery goodness.  It was one of the best things I have ever put in my mouth!  I will probably remember it the rest of my life.  And I am not a big lobster fan - usually overcooked and sauced and priced for me in comparison to what else I can get for the money.

Next we head to our table.

Service was great. We had about 5 people waiting on us at one time or another.  The atmosphere was a bit "old boys club" my hot little friend said.  There were a bunch of suits in there, but it was kind of what I was expecting from a Vegas meat house.

We started with three small servings of different pastas for the 5 of us.  They were all pretty good.  I still can not explain why I bother to ever buy anything with Dungeness crab in it in a restaurant. I am nutz.  I love the crab and usually just buy it up the street and cook them up and feast.  Restaurants ALWAYS try and make the crab something special by ADDING flavors - sauces, etc.  There is no need. It is already the best crab in the US!  I once again got a crab and black pasta dish and was disappointed.  DUH.  The other two - a SPAGO - with lamb ragu and burnt butter & ricotta raviolis were a bit salty - they know it and are working on it.

To the meats of CARNEVINO!  The steaks were incredible!  My colleagues order a table side carved ribeye for two and the girls shared a fillet, so I had to order - dare I say - a 20oz veal chop! I was not paying for it and do not have any hangup about eating.  It was incredible!  Melt in my mouth sweet baby love!  Their steaks were perfectly cooked and incredible.  This place definitely knows its meat.

The two Soms that helped us were very knowledgeable and asked great questions to help aid & lead my less wine knowledgeable friends around the list.  And there was the wine list - HOLY F.  I have not seen a more overpriced and unapproachable list!  Everything started at $150 and really was not interesting until $250 and went to average $500, up to $4200 LOL!

My recommendation - stick to the great by the glass and you can afford to enjoy the dinner.  Or order the mag of Processco and call it good.
