7fxebHYUwIF6CakxSr70iQ We dined here this weekend with friends visiting from out of town. They were staying at The Venetian so we wanted to pick something convenient for them. The Venetian has a lot of options so we had a hard time choosing. Carnevino was our pick because it's slightly upscale giving a Vegas dining experience and they offer a nice mix of meat and Italian dishes. 

The hostess was friendly and accommodating. We were led to a small dining area across the hall and seated. There were only about 10 tables and a beautiful wall of wines. The room was very cozy. 

Our waiter was very informative. He obviously takes great pride in the food and wine selection here. He gave us plenty of details about the best dishes on the menu before we ordered. He even told us details about the egg on one of the dishes. Apparently the special chicken is fed a special diet which makes for a very yellow yolk. I admit that I was holding back the laughter when he said this. I recently finished up Portlandia on Netflix and the details about the chicken were uncanny to a scene in that show.

Soon after being seated we were served small rolls with cheese filling. It was very delicious and rich. Later rosemary bread was brought out with two types of butter. This bread was well seasoned and flaky. We also had cocktails that were nicely prepared and the presentation was impressive. The table shared a Caprese while we looked over the menu. The mozzarella was obviously made in house and had amazing flavor and texture. The creamy homemade pesto on the plate was very good as well. I love a good pesto.

I had the Agnolini (lobster ravioli). The pasta was very tender and flavorful. I enjoyed the flavor. The waiter warned that this would be a small portion which was fine because I wasn't overly hungry. I'm not sure this dish was worth the cost though. I typically choose meat when dining out and I wish had gone with my usual meat dish.

My husband had the Saltimbocca which he is still talking about. I sampled it and agreed that it was delicious. Our friends had the Gnocchi and the off menu Beef Cheek dish. The Beef Cheek dish was also raved about.

For dessert I had the Zuccotto which is not an overly sweet dessert. I liked the presentation and other flavors on the plate, but it would not rank as one of the best desserts I've ever had. My cappuccino was delicious and a highlight. My husband had the Lime Cheesecake and thought it was okay.

If you are looking for a nice Vegas dining experience with good food this spot will be just that. I do recommend overlooking the pasta section and ordering meats. Clearly, the meat dishes are the stand out menu items.
