7fxebHYUwIF6CakxSr70iQ Carnevino Italian Steakhouse at The Palazzo is located just off the casino floor towards the bridge walkway to The Venetian! As with all major Las Vegas hotels, there are ample parking in the hotel parking lot, either by valet or self-park.

The Palazzo being a 5-star in my book, this restaurant does not disappoint! As with most restaurants in the upscale 4-5 star rated hotels, this restaurant is beautifully designed! This is a very elegant, very classy, upscale restaurant, which rates amongst the best Italian steak houses I have ever experienced! A true dining experience!  The dishes are priced on the higher end ($$$$), but  this is not your typical steakhouse! Our bartender/server Adam, explained the aging process of the beef in such detail! Thank you Adam, for taking the time to educate us! Carnevino features the highest quality of meats, complimented by a wide array of side dishes!

For starters, I ordered the Dungeness crab carbonara with guanciale and scallion! This is one of the best carbonaras I have ever experienced! It was not overwhelmingly rich like some carbonara, but satisfying to your taste buds! The dish was neither small nor large, just enough to prepare you for your main entree!

For my main entree, I was undecided between the Lamb Chops Scottadita or the Braised short rib al Barolo with celery root purre'. I wanted both (hehe), but knew that would just be too much! I decided to go with the Braised Short Ribs! It was so tender and juicy that I did not even need my knife to cut through it! You could just use your fork and it would melt!l and fall apart!

To compliment the Braised Short Ribs, I ordered the Sautéed mixed mushrooms with spring onions on the side! The mushrooms were soft, sweet and buttery! Yummy!

For dessert, I ordered the Pumpkin spice tiramisu with a caramel date sauce and bourbon cream (On the menu it is called Passito di Pantelleria, Donnafugata "Ben Rye" 2013. I have had Tiramisu before, but never a pumpkin spice tiramisu! This was really good! A change up from your classic tiramisu.

For an after dinner drink, I ordered a Belgium Gulden Draak Ale to go with dessert. It was a nice change up since I had several glasses of Cabernet Sauvignon during dinner.

Since this is an Italian Steakhouse, if you are not a "carnivore", this restaurant does offer alternatives from a nice selection of fish and poultry ....... to name a few

Service was exceptional, a 5-star experience! Thank you again, Adam! I will surely be back here next time I am in Las Vegas!
