7fxebHYUwIF6CakxSr70iQ Who's been to Mario Batali restaurant? Hand slowly rises, head droops in shame. Face turns red with embarrassment. 

DO not be embarrassed!!!! I cannot wait to return to this palace of ultimate indulgence. There's a reason Mario's famous and we're not. The food is good. Italian steak? Seriously, mind boggling - beyond my wildest dreams. I adore steak. Abe & Louie's is my favorite place in the city followed closely by Grill 23, Benjamin's NYC, Joseph's Bridgeport, CT, Sammy's Roumanian NYC.

Situated in the Palazzo Hotel and Casino, the atmospheric attempt at Old Italy is gaudy and flawed but balanced by the servers in white jackets with proper demeanor. The attentiveness of service is almost astonishing - if you lift your head, a server appears at your side - unobtrusive but very observant. 

The wine list essentially starts at $100 bottle. We ordered sapphires and tonics - perfect mixture:  gin, topped off with tonic. A bottle of Carema "Etichetta Nera," Ferrando 2007 breathed while we decided what to order ($150). Aired, a deliciously dry vino, perfect to accompany red meat. 

The special cut was a BBL special, bone in rib eye, dry aged for twelve months, for two. This is apparently proprietary beef, trademarked as such. $90 a head. We chose the menu bone in rib eye for two; BBL beef dry aged for nine months at $65/pp. My buddy didn't want to order a starter, but the server wisely suggested that since the steak was going to take about 40 minutes to prepare, it was probably best that we order an appetizer. 

Grilled octopus with micro greens, a limoncello drizzle and "pickled" vegetables, grilled hot peppers, beets and an olive oil balsamic reduction,  outstanding. Meaty octopus tendons, juicy, thick and succulent. The perfect accompaniment to fresh baked foccacia loaf served with house whipped creamed butter and a ramekin of lardo. Toasted hot and buttery foccacia - crispy outer shell, pepper coatrd and fluffy inside. 

See picture of whole steak. Note the size of steak in comparison to the server's hand on the plate: G-inormous. Wheeled over on a cart, placed on a butcher block and carved select slice by select slice and arranged on your plate for consumption, perfect. See arrangement picture, grilled perfectly medium rare. Crusted in a tasty black pepper, sea salt and rosemary rub. Remaining bone sliced in two and let on separate place for our enjoyment. The meat is really a cut above. I've enjoyed a couple steaks here and there. This was different. Succulent, melt in your mouth goodness. Primest of the prime. 

Side of mashed potatoes with poached egg, spinach and ham. Unique but exquisite. 

The bill was also prime but you get what you pay for. Enjoy.
