7fxebHYUwIF6CakxSr70iQ You walk into a room that's designed to make you feel small...and everything else feel big. It's dark with cavernous ceilings dropping shadows that mock the dim lighting, cloaking rich mahogany in an effortless nod at a rustically simple and rich elegance. 
The wine list boasts a huge variety of conquests spanning nations and vineyards, and despite the extraordinary mark up let's face it, if you're eating here...in Vegas...you may as well sell out. You'll win it back later anyway, right? 
It's the infamous ribeye-for-two you are here, a gargantuan cut of meat that is brought before you in its fresh and blood-red marbled glory, like some pagan god of carnivores to taunt and tease your eager eyes. After you order it medium rare (and no other way) the beast is brought back out to be slaughtered and cleaved and hacked apart, crisp edges roasted black and that deeply savory, fat-melting, perfectly salted flavor of a damn good steak unrolls into the air around you. Plate after plate of beef is set before your party and its bounty yields surprisingly more than you expected. Plunge your fork into the crusted end bits, that is surrounded by an almost charred, crackling sear courageously protecting a soft, shy pink center. When that slight taste of roasted meat and salt, of blood and hot, crackling, buttery fat has covered your mouth give into the temptation to grab one of the huge bones laid out before you. You'll start off shaving off slices of meat closest to the bone but in that heady euphoria of cut and eat you'll end up roasted bone in hand, gnawing at the monster, the way you secretly always knew it was going to end up. Go ahead and toast your friend sitting across from you with the bone, you don't have to say anything, you both know exactly what you're toasting to.
It's not just the steak that is good here, the lamb chops are just as amazing, with a heady and smoky flavor, incredibly tender and larger than the petite, runty chops you find at your supermarket. The potatoes are surprisingly delicious, a welcome respite with a crispy skin that when bitten, easily yields to unleash heavy scents of rosemary and garlic.

Oh yeah. There was asparagus too. They sat untouched.
