7fxebHYUwIF6CakxSr70iQ This restaurant is located inside of the Palazzo hotel and casino.  I parked in the parking garage which wasn't too far of a walk from the restaurant. You have to walk through the casino to get to the restaurant, which thankfully didn't smell like cigarette smoke. The host stand is right outside of the restaurant.  When you are being seated, the first thing you see when you walk in is the bar, and then a giant brass cow? There must have been some good ventilation in their kitchen because the restaurant didn't smell like food, it didn't really smell like anything at all.  I did not tour the kitchen, although I wish I could have.  Anyway, all of the tables are covered with white linens, and there is some old Italian decor in the restaurant.  It still felt like a fine dining restaurant and by no means looked like a hole in the wall.  The ambiance was a little dark, which I liked, and quiet.  Once seated, I looked around the restaurant and noticed the wait staff standing on the sidelines, waiting to serve guests. 

I ordered the beef cheek ravioli, which is not a menu item, but came highly recommended by our server.  The ravioli was shaped in triangles and there was no sauce on it, except for some butter.  The server then topped it with balsamic vinegar.  The ravioli pasta itself was a little bit chewy on the corner edges, but soft in the center. The first thing you taste are the high notes in the balsamic vinegar that the server put on the ravioli.  The butter really rounded out the flavor.  The filling inside the ravioli was kind of like a beef cheek paste.  it was very moist, not at all dry or soggy.  The ravioli was a little chewy on the outside but tender inside.  The consistency of the filling as smooth and velvety. The color of the filling was a brownish color, and the actual ravioli looked glossy from the butter.  It was not bland, I could taste the salt, with a mild beef flavor.  The butter gave almost a nutty flavor, and the balsamic added a sweet and sour flavor.  It also tasted and smelled savory, and also smelled sour from the balsamic. It was served warm.
