7fxebHYUwIF6CakxSr70iQ I am a vegas local who has visited my fair share of restaurants on the strip. I also have worked as a waitress in my life so I am usually very forgiving and understanding when it comes to service... but this was just pathetic. There were three of us being taken to dinner by a work colleague. Our check was over $600 without tip which would be fine if the service and food were on point- but to pay that much to sit and wait until YOU HAVE TO GET A MANAGER JUST TO TAKE YOUR DRINK ORDER is freaking outrageous. Thats something I would expect at IHOP, not a Mario Batali restaurant.

You would think that after we spoke to the manager the service would have improved, however aside from the sommelier no one was attentive on any level and again we waited an extraordinary amount of time to get our food order taken.

 The sides were good, but nothing I couldn't get somewhere else with better service. We both split a bone in steak ... it was $80 a person to split a steak. They carve these steaks table side which is pretty neat. Maybe they think that bit of flare will make up the fact that you just paid $160 for a steak it took you 45 minutes to order (they were wrong) The steaks were nothing special- much prefer Maestros Ocean club for this caliber of steak house. I have also been to many less expensive steakhouses in vegas that have better steak and much better service.
 
We also got the caprese salad which was good,  orecchiette was good, corn and mashed potatoes were also good, but when we were done again the plates sat and sat on the table until we had to ask someone to come clear them away. The service was so poor that it became the repeat topic of dinner conversation, and really put a damper on an otherwise lovely evening. 

When the check came I was embarrassed for the person paying who had tried to take us all for a nice evening. His plan had gone awry but still had the very large bill to pay  that I just happened to get a glimpse of. 

This place needs to get itself together. I mean really - if you are asking people to pay $150 per person you need to take care of them. Going out to dinner anywhere is as much about the experience as it is the food, and there are so many other places here in vegas to go that have both amazing service and fantastic food that there is no reason for me to return to Carnevino or tell any of my friends to visit. In fact I will be doing just the opposite. In the end there was absolutely nothing memorable except for the terrible service and a very bloated (even by fancy steakhouse standards) bill. 

Do yourself a favor and pick another place to eat.
