7fxebHYUwIF6CakxSr70iQ Yum.  Went here for dinner with some girl friends on a recommendation from our husbands.  First of all, the Reserva was the reason to go.  The primary reason and was definitely why our husbands recommended it.  When making the reservation we were told that we should call the morning of to reserve a piece so we did.  Then we were told to remind the person who seats us that we want the Reserva and we did and we were told that they have it.  As the waiter came to help us he said they didn't have it.  Confused as to how they ran out within 3 minutes of us asking for it but whatever.  So we ordered the following:
Oysters (6 pieces) - These were delicious.  I could have had all 6 by myself because they were tiny but that's exactly how I like my oysters.  
Octopus (4 pieces) - These were cooked perfectly which is tricky when it comes to cooking a full grown octopus.  The pieces were cut from the largest part of the tentacles.  They were tender and perfectly seasoned. 
Chopped salad - Difficult to ruin.  This was a fine salad.  Other than the house pickled pepper, nothing different.
Rib Eye - The waiter made suggestions on how it should be cooked.  I like my steak medium rare and it was done exactly that way.  One specific person is assigned to table service to cut your steak for you.  Very nicely done. 
Beef Cheek Ravioli - Half of us liked it, half of us didn't.  I thought it tasted delicious and could have had it for a meal.  Others thought it tasted "livery". Either way the aged balsamic vinegar was a really nice touch. 
Green beans with pork belly - pretty standard and nice and crispy, not soggy. 
Mashed potato - very creamy.  Loved the poached egg on top.  Perfect!
Cocktails - My drink is generally a blood and sand.  Waiters don't always know what that is but this guy knew to ask what kind of scotch I wanted.  Was so happy to know that he knew what I was talking about!  Perfectly garnished and perfectly mixed. 
We were seated in a hallway type area which doubles as a wine cellar.  It was a nice setting and quiet setting but a bit chilly.  

With Vegas being Vegas we were harassed by a few men from a bachelor party.  The staff noticed this and the manager and waiter intervened several times without our request.  They even offered to walk us back to our car.  This was very much appreciated.  The staff is very attentive.  Had they given us the steak we wanted, they would have gotten 5 stars!  Will definitely go back for more!  Worth the price for sure.
