7fxebHYUwIF6CakxSr70iQ Thanks a lot Mario Batali and Joe Bastianich for my complimentary steakhouse blinders!  I haven't been able to stop raving about the entire dinner to my friends, family, peers, and frankly anyone who I can make green with envy.  We've been to a few other well established steakhouses on the Las Vegas strip, but you know when you've decided to go all out for a nice, fancy meal, you may or may not be like me and search "number one _______ restaurant in Vegas" just to see what the consensus is out there.  Such was the case for our most recent adventure in Sin City and Carnevino outranked the rest on many sites so we gave it a try.  

The kind service was what we noticed first and no, we don't mean from our waiter (yet).  We were set to fly in on 9/11/12 around 16:00 and what was supposed to be a quick 48 minute flight turned into our 21:00 dinner reservation being canceled last minute and us RUNNING to catch a Cirque show we already had tickets to at 22:30 because we didn't arrive until 20:30 to our hotel.  Turns out we decided to fly on the one day Las Vegas and its surrounding areas had flash flood warnings and torrential down pour crazy enough to practically rain out the Bellagio fountain show.  We kept pushing back our reservations for dinner first from 19:00 to 20:00, then to 21:00 with a possibility of 21:30.  Either way, the hostesses were super sweet and courteous about the entire debacle and helped us feel like our safety was actually important to them too!  We ended up making another reservation a few days later and luckily were able to make it then. 

We were greeted warmly and were promptly seated in a well lit area (a part of me cries when it's so dim in a restaurant that you can't see your own hand in front of you let alone the food they expect you to blindly put in your mouth as a result).  Our waiter Chris (I'm going to play the race card and say that he was Asian because he deserves some great recognition for his dedication and integrity - RAN out to find us on the Palazzo gaming floor to correct a discrepancy on our check - and frankly with a name like Chris, how else can we describe the guy?!) shows up and we have a great conversation about the menu and he gives us some time to decide after offering up a few of his own suggestions.  I cannot stress enough that it was a CONVERSATION about the menu and not some long drawn out, pretentious lecture about the food which is not fun to say the least. 

Obligatory bread service? Yes.  

Obligatory butter on the side? Yes. 

.........oh I forgot to mention the heavenly lardo that is served with it.  It almost hurts to talk about it and not be able to access it until our next adventure to Vegas...literally hurts.  Pardon me while I zone out for a moment reminiscing about the sexiness that is the lardo spread on a freshly baked piece of bread....

We decide on:

Insalata Romana with a sweet garlic dressing = nice and light with lots of radicchio (a little more bitter than I'm used to)

Spaghetti ai Frutti di Mare = check with your server about the size of the plate - it was enough for two to share, MAYBE three as an appetizer.  How can you go to a Batali affiliated restaurant and NOT have any pasta right?  This dish was slightly spicy with clams, giant shrimp, lobster, and calamari....oh and I forgot it was cleared away with a piece of my soul. *Sigh*

Dry aged bone-in Ribeye for 2 = at $144, it was well worth the interrogation we gave Chris about how it was cooked.  We had read reviews that at Carnevino they generally under cook their meat and as a 'medium rare' type of girl myself and my boyfriend a 'medium' aficionado himself, after a patient round of "it's your birthday babe, it's your choice" and "no, no I'm okay with whatever" we settled on medium and it was absolutely perfect for the both of us.  I'd almost recommend that to anyone and everyone since having one of these cuts of meat as 'well done' is just plain WRONG.  To clarify - this gorgeous cut of meat (and I don't mean my boyfriend for once) required no sauce of any kind in my humble opinion.  

Mascarpone Guanciale mashed potatoes = served with a raw egg yolk on top and stirred in with the hot potatoes at the table it will make you seriously consider if you ever need to try any other kind of mashed potatoes ever again.  In fact, I've pretty much convinced myself that all other mashed potatoes are merely impersonators and they only reason we can't have mascarpone guanciale mashed potatoes EVERY day is because of the cholesterol intake from the egg yolk.  Please don't take this away from me...

"Creamed" corn with lime and picked chilies = described as a seasonal item, it wasn't so much the typical creamed corn that one might be used to - hence the quotation marks made sense.  Still delicious. 

Running out of space to type...all I can say is you deserve to go at least once in your lifetime.  Now, be a little spontaneous, pick up the phone and GO!!
