7fxebHYUwIF6CakxSr70iQ I read some of the reviews here and am quite surprised by some.... Since this is anonymous, I'll just lay it out there... I think most people who go to Vegas are from middle America (not that is bad, but its not sophisticated), have not had very much fine food, and just automatically think if an entree is $40 it must be good. 
This place is a typical in-casino high-priced food trap restaurant. They use a lame fancy-sounding name ("carnevino" is like writing "meatwine") for the restaurant, and then charge high prices for entrees with simple but lesser heard Italian names, which most patrons have never had before in a really good place.
We had a small corporate dinner here tonight. Had the ny strip, next to me was the veal saltimbocca, and the lamb to my other neighbor, also ordered a number of sides, started with the "insalata romana"  - "their take on a Caesar salad" as the waiter explained (which is not at all correct, that is a typical italian salad). The salad was good - for $16 it should have been. The $54 strip was horrid. Tough, overly salty, not cooked evenly. I avoided complaining - its just not worth hassling over it with morons who will tell you things like "a strip is generally a little tougher sir" etc - so why bother. It's Vegas. I know my meat - my family was ranchers, i am from Texas, and eaten at more expensive steak places than the waiter has heard of... whatever, not worth the conversation. The veal: not so good. Veal saltimbocca should not be overly dry, cooked almost like a pancake with the veal pieces sticking together. The lamb chops were whatever, blah. Could buy some at a grocery store and throw on the grill and they would be the same. Of course, most people have never grilled lamb chops, so they people probably think its good. Sides were all blase and greasy. They had some sauteed carrots which were almost burnt.

Maybe it was an off night, who knows.

As a positive, the head waiter was quite attentive, as was his staff of two. And everyone was very polite. ...As they should be for the mandatory 20% gratuity. 

If you want to play it safe, and need good beef in the fakest city in America, try Envy at the Renaissance near the Convention Center. Its over priced also, but it *is* really good. Also, there is a Captial Grill right off the strip which always does a good job. Those guys live off their food quality and reputation - not the fact they are a casino owned restaurant made to look like a good one, next to a bunch of loud slot machines.

(Just an update: I logged in to Yelp and glanced at old review, and realized I forgot to update this from years ago.  Both myself, and my friend who sat next to me got food poisoning that entire weekend - a day after eating here. I believe it was the tartar my jackass friend ordered and we both tried. Just dont eat here.)
