7fxebHYUwIF6CakxSr70iQ My husband and I dined at CarneVino last night as part of a Vegas weekend that was a belated celebration of my 40th birthday. This was our second time dining at CarneVino and while the food was fantastic again on our second visit, the service wasn't and I doubt we'll go back. I expect exceptional service when I'm dining at a restaurant created / owned by Mario Batali that prides itself on sourcing only the best ingredients and wines. I also expect exceptional service when my meal (for two of us) is going to cost at least $300, if not more. 

This being said, we experienced exceptional service to start with - I had a million questions for our primary waiter regarding various items on the menu and spent a fair amount of time getting his recommendations - which didn't disappoint. The lobster appetizer is great but not as great as the one that was served not long after the restaurant opened, It would also be helpful for the menu to list that the sashimi portion of the lobster appetizer is served on top of a sauce of cream, horseradish, lemon juice and chives - I loved the sauce but my husband did not and had we known about the sauce, we would have asked for the dish without it. The beef cheek ravioli with a butter sauce and 25 year aged balsamic vinegar is to die for - if I could eat that every day, I would. My husband had the bone in NY Strip which had fabulous flavor although I think he felt that navigating around the bone was a lot of work. I had the striped bass (I know, it's a steak restaurant but I needed something not as heavy) with a spring vegetable puree, artichoke hearts and pea tendrils - it was also gorgeous. We picked two sides - the mascarpone and guanciale mashed potatoes which are sinful and wonderfully satisfying - they come with a poached egg that is broken and stirred in - delicious! The second side was the roasted beets with gorgonzola, also delicious. 

Back to the service - once we received our entrees the service staff vanished. Not very far into our entrees we both wanted to order another drink but no one came to check on us. Finally with more than half of our entrees consumed we were asked if we would like another drink and we ordered. The drinks only arrived some time after we had finished our entrees. We let the drink servers (who were completely new to our table) know that we wouldn't be needing the drinks. Our primary waiter showed back up a little while later and gave us a halfhearted apology and that was that. No apology from the manager, no discount to our check, nothing. And mind you, we weren't looking for a discount but on principle there should have been some sort of apologetic gesture. Had there been any kind of gesture we would have increased our gratuity significantly - having worked in the service industry and event industry for many years I have a very hard time ever leaving less than 20%, even when I haven't been blown away (more fool me, perhaps). 

On exiting the restaurant we walked by a woman who I guessed to be the manager. I stopped and asked if she was, and she confirmed that she was. I relayed our experience and she did give us what we felt was a very genuine apology, although it will be interesting to see if she spends the time to track us down via OpenTable to send us an email to ask us to give CarneVino another chance. 

The bottom line, I think, is that team service is not always an effective way to serve your dining customers - unless your team is staffed appropriately and magnificent at working together to serve multiple tables. I would guess that our primary waiter thought that the rest of his team was taking care of us and had no idea that they weren't. And when a restaurant is busy and the primary waiter has a number of tables of varying sizes, I would guess there is virtually no way to ensure that all of the diners are getting exceptional service throughout their meal. 

For our money we're looking for exceptional food AND service, so we'll probably go elsewhere the next time we're in Vegas.
