7fxebHYUwIF6CakxSr70iQ I was staying at the Venetian for a work conference and we're going through a late night dry-run with a couple colleagues when we got hungry around 8:30pm. We really wanted some steak and stopped by Cut(?) first however their wait was 45 minutes. We called the concierge to see what our other options were for steak with a shorter wait time and she recommended Carnevino. So off we went.

The restaurant itself is located away from restaurant row and through the casino in the Palazzo. It had a nice ambiance, dim lighting and quite intimate with racks of their great wine selection on the walls. We grabbed a couple drinks while waiting to be seated and I got a Moscow mule which was ok.

Once seated we ordered the Fried Calamari which was pretty good. They brought out bread with two sides of butter and pork fat which they recommended mixing together before spreading it on the bread and oh my GOD it was delish. I mean pork fat and butter? C'mon. They also gave us complimentary mini bread rolls with cheese inside and it pretty much tasted like a crispy cheese ball which is amazing.

A colleague and I ordered the Dry Aged Bone-In Ribeye which has the option on menu to split between two for $72 each. We were unsure until our waiter told us this particular dish was in the running for the best steak in the country. So we pretty much were validated in our reasoning for getting it lol. Another colleague got the New York Strip. We also got the Charred Brussels Sprouts and the Sautéed Mushrooms. 

The waiters (yes, more than one) came and rolled out a table with the Bone-in Ribeye and holy mother of god was this thing huge. I mean I'm all of 5'1 and it could've knocked me out. They cut the entire dish in front of us and served it neatly sliced on our plates and then placed the bone in the middle of the table. Ok time for the big taste...simply put it was the best steak I've ever had in my life. I mean perfectly seasoned and moist and melt in your mouth goodness. After getting over the massive bone just chillin on the table I savored every bite. The Brussels sprouts were pretty good but I thought the mushrooms were very good. 

In addition I have to say what really gave my review the full five stars was the exceptional service. Working in a field that pretty much values service I mean they were very at tentative. They took the time to explain everything to us, make sure we were comfortable, and checked on us regularly - even making sure to fold our napkins of we went to the bathroom. 

I had a really great experience here. Good food, good company, good service. I left full and satisfied and honestly I would recommend this place if you are looking for a really great steak that you definitely don't mind splurging on.
