7hIl2AOZl6Zfr2fAojpeRw For all of you that have been stalking this place, they are finally open. I came in today for lunch and I liked what I saw. This place is definitely a take out destination, but if your in a crunch there are 3 bistro tables available. 

Before ordering, I took the time to look on the shelf's and in the coolers to see what all they have here. On the shelf's, they have multiple gift baskets already prepared, packaged pretty and ready to go. They have a few Italian specialty items such as olives, capers, etc. Lots of pastries, cookies, cheesecake and cannoli's. Plenty of fresh soup in nice Tupperware in the fridge, ready for you to heat up and eat. Then, the holy grail of any Italian kitchen... fresh pasta of all kinds, priced right. They also took the liberty of making some salads and having those ready to go in the fridge as well. I believe they had chef, caesar and house salads already made.  

For anybody who does lunch in Westlake, please come in and check this place out. Lets talk food options, shall we? Pizza by the slice, $2, looks good and filling. I tried the white pizza. I believe it has alfredo sauce, mozzarella cheese and caramelized onions. It's filling, made fresh and just really darn good. Italian sausage and peppas (ya, I said it) which I can personally vouch for, as I ordered this as well. Freshly baked sub roll, they topped it with cheese and then it goes under the oven to get nice and meltey (I will add mustard next time). Any kind of sub you want, topped anyway you want (this is a deli people). Or, you can get fresh pasta, with any sauce you want (marinara, alfredo or white clam) add any meat for a couple bucks (meatballs, sausage, chicken cutlet, chicken parm). They do have veal, but I don't condone eating it....

All in all, this is a small place with just the right amount of options to not overwhelm you. It's owner operated, you can tell they take pride in everything they do and are super friendly and accommodating. The pricing is just right for lunch, average price for a sub was about $7 (and they are big). You could spend a little more or a little less depending on what you order. I will definitely be coming back, not only for a fast and affordable lunch, I'm also looking forward to stopping into the deli for fresh baked Italian bread and freshly shaved (or sliced) lunch meats and cheeses. Then to put the cherry on top, some fresh Italian deserts. Viva D'Italia!
