7JWWeXqil03Ua_wV9KN8ZQ I honestly don't know what to think about this place...went on a Friday afternoon and wanted to try a lunch special to split, nothing too heavy since the day was just starting. Sat on the patio and the day was gorgeous outside. Tried to order a dish off of the lunch special menu and get the sauce subbed out for alfredo instead. Our waiter, who I'm guessing is the owner or co-owner told us it would not be possible as the combination didn't go well. I proceeded to tell him exactly what I was looking for (a dish with breaded chicken, alfredo sauce and cappellini) to see if they can do something similar, so he went ahead and did so. Also ordered their fried calamari to start off. I had water (bottled) and hubby had a coke. They served complimentary bread with oil/vinegar. Couldn't ask for anything more...perfect weather, perfect location, restaurant not too crowded. The calamari arrived and half filled the serving platter as the other half was filled with some salad and the sauce bowl. Nice light breading, quantity however did not match the price point. When our meal came, our server put a plate down in between us that had a breaded chicken cutlet on the plate with a couple of lemon wedges. He also had a bowl filled with cappellini and alfredo - he put the bowl down and proceeded to split the noodles and put half on my plate and half on my hubbies...I actually wish he would've just left it for us to do on our own as I never eat half when we do split meals, I always go with about 1/3 to my hubby's 2/3, so this really threw me off a bit and I ended up having way more pasta than I would've preferred. When our meal was coming to an end, my hubby's drink was unfilled for a few minutes and our server did not come back to check on us, we had to flag down a different server that was helping a nearby table to ask for a refill.  When we were ready for our check, it took several more minutes for our waiter to come by and he asked if we wanted to see the dessert menu - politely declined. Our check came and totaled over $50 - apparently the big bottle of water cost almost $2 more than just ordering a regular soda. The calamari was priced at more of a meal price than an appetizer....and then the part that really got me, we got charged separately for the breaded chicken and the alfredo pasta - they charged us like both were meals on their own! I couldn't believe the way they nickled and dimed us...there is absolutely no way either of those could've been a meal by itself.  Yes, the food was good and the service was so-so, but when I was expecting lunch special prices and proceed to get hammered with half a hundo for lunch (that we split mind you)...I can't really feel like this was a 5, 4 or even 3 star overall experience. 2.5 stars is all I can muster based on this visit, rounded up for gorgeous location and exceptional food quality.
