7JWWeXqil03Ua_wV9KN8ZQ So, had lunch here today and the restaurant looked cozy and nice with white linens and smaller version of Valentino's when I was still open (I used to work there). I thought I might be a little under dressed in basketball shorts and T-shirt but was told it OK, that was nice. Seated and helped promptly but checking the menu noticed prices a bit higher, understandable since it's "Lake Las Vegas" and it's a tourist restaurant. 

Order margarita pizza and Lynn ordered linguini with calamari in a spicy tomato sauce. When the margarita pizza arrived it looked like a plain American cheese pizza with no tomato or mozzarella slices and some sprinklings of basil pieces cut into thin strips! Lynn's pasta looked better and I being in the business didn't complain or ask differently, thought I'd try it out. 

The pizza tasted what it looked like, a cheese pizza. Nothing special: no basil leaves, no tomatoes, no charred crust, just a cheese pizza. The pasta was good but nothing again too special. Unfortunately I always compare Italian food from my experience with Valentino's and from working with my former boss, a American Italian with an Italian husband! 

To sum it up when it came to desserts we opted for only a espresso for me......wait for it.......it is probably the worst espresso ever served! No offense to our server but I would hate to think he would accept a espresso like he served to me since he was Italian. Where is the nice "crema" on all quality espresso? It wasn't on my espresso that's for sure! The espresso looked like a small cup of black coffee! Like I said before my experience with Valentino's made me extra particular then your average Asian. I was trained to make espresso's with a nice crema so when you put sugar on top of it, the sugar sits waiting to sink or be stirred in, this was not that type of espresso. Yes, might be ranting about espresso but when you work for Italians you learn to make good espresso! 

Average Italian restaurant in unfortunately a slow/dead village. Maybe it's better at dinner?
