7oEKIG7d1ttPRejppZ3WIA Happy Tummy!

Lady Marmalade quickly overcame a weak first impression to become one of the best brunches I've ever had.

When I arrived at 2:30 with E. "Still not yelping" H., there was no line but no free tables either.  Never having been before, we weren't sure if it was a seat-yourself system or if we should await an invite from a server.  We stood around somewhat aimlessly for a while before getting in a server's way and learning that we would be seated when something was ready (tip:  acknowledge your guests when they arrive.  Let them know you've seen them and will seat them when you can.  It only takes a second).  Service was brilliant after that.  Two very busy (yet very calm) servers tag-teamed the dining room providing excellent coverage and speedy service. 

Décor, as has been noted, is cutesy.  It's a bit warm inside but we got a seat by the door with a nice fresh draft once in a while.  This turned out to be particularly valuable (read on, grasshopper...)

The breakfast menu is small, but carries great offerings to suit any taste, including a range of creative bennies.  My trusty companion went for the roasted veggie and aged cheddar model, whose deliciousness I can personally vouch for.  I had Huevos Migas - moist and soft scrambled eggs with cheese and chorizo, deliciously seasoned rice and the best black beans I've ever had.  The beans were cooked from scratch in-house and stewed with tomato and cumin, giving them a lovely purple tinge.  Presentation was great - my plate came topped with sour cream, scallion shoots and a few sprigs of cilantro, the last of which was a bit visually overbearing and crowded my plate while I ate (maybe leave the long stems out next time).  The tortilla chips on the side of my plate served well to scoop at the beans, but I think they forgot the salsa.  

I'd bet this is a five-star joint that was a little off today, because I had a four-star experience.  The food was amazing, the presentation was great and the service was fantastic.  But there were a few details missing from the five-star brunch experience.  Oh, and they had a fire in the kitchen that left my winter coat smelling like a barbecue.  Ah well, there are dry-cleaners for that!*

* I haven't asked Lady Marmalade to pay for the dry-cleaning, but suspect that they would agree if given the chance.
