7Uti5EeAwm3drG14KVrE3Q I REALLY want to give Spuntini more than  3 stars but unfortunately I can't due to this simple reason:

You CANNOT have a great experience at a restaurant (regardless if the food and drinks are fantastic) and have SHIT service

I was extremely annoyed with my experience at Spuntini because it was the first time my mother and my boyfriends parents were meeting. A friend of ours suggested Spuntini because we wanted to treat our parents to a nice restaurant where there would be delicious food and drinks and a cozy atmosphere.

I loved the decor and how rustic it was- I adore details like this so we were off to a good start. I made reservations for 5 just to ensure we didn't have to wait as it was winter (sorry I wanted to write this review earlier but I kept putting it off because I sounded too much like a raving bitch every time I wrote it- probably will still sound like one.)

Our host brought us to a table which was located on the upper part of the restaurant. Once our waiter arrived , spoke to us and took our drink order- it sort of went down hill on his part from there. After he took our drink order, he left and came back 2 minutes later and told us to had to move to this "window" table.

We moved to the "window" table because he said unfortunately our table was reserved and I explained to him..yes reserved for us as I made reservations (he said NO).

Anyways, annoyed but moved.

From there on our waiter had a very pissy, rude and snobbish attitude. First of all, I'm not sure who he thought he was. Perhaps he felt special because he worked in yorkville? Congrats. We are paying customers who keep your establishment RUNNING in order for you to receive a pay cheque and maybe if you are lucky..a TIP.

Secondly, he seemed annoyed that our table spoke Portuguese and that we had to translate some of the items in Portuguese for our parents to have a better understanding of it. They all speak English (it's just not their first language and we not used to going to Italian restaurants).

Thirdly, my mom made comments that she was cold and asked if we can go back to that "reserved" table that nobody was seated at for 30 minutes and he said "Welcome to Canada". Thanks Jerk, she has been living in Canada for 35 years , I'm sure she has experienced more Canadian Winters than you.

(our food finally arrived and was DELICIOUS)

I got the Ravioli Di Soraia (tasty but small in portion-well in my opinion)
2 spaghetti amore (also delicious,decent size and nice presentation- I tried some) 
1 stone oven pizza (delicious, flavourful and truthfully tasted like it was baked in a stone oven). 

The only meal that was disappointing was my boyfriends (which we warned him) He got a chicken dish- which we questioned. Luckily we all had enough food to give him some of ours ;)

In the end...my waiter didn't even get 10% tip because frankly he was not worthy of a penny. But being a waitress in the past, I felt some sort of guilt (oddly). 

I was just hurt by the experience and felt unwanted. What was supposed to be a great experience was ruined by some prick. Everyone at the table was confused and wondering what his problem was. We still enjoyed ourselves and didn't obsess over that jerk- but it still ruins the experience.

I am a foodie. I love trying out new restaurants (and returning to ol' favourites). Spuntini would have been a spot that I would have loved to go back to, but I won't.

I made a comment to the manager and he apologized. I think if you ever have a bad experience at a restaurant (especially when it has to do with the waiters- COMPLAIN). Shit staff members should be tossed to the curb and if the food and beverage industry is not your cup of tea, please find a new industry to work in.

I hope the management reads this and figures out who the problem staff is. Reading most of the low reviews- it seems to be apparent that the problem is not necessarily the food but CUSTOMER service.


:)
