7ZBh-3wWVQ5zkd6KZytW0g Before I rant about my terrible meal, I should note that I have previously enjoyed Cibo King West and at Yonge/Eg. I also really enjoyed Ciao, the restaurant sharing the same owners as Cibo that previously operated in the same space. This particular evening, I dined with 3 girlfriends.

I ordered the gnocchi, which I have previously had at both other locations. The tomato sauce had absolutely no taste. Another one of my friends also ordered a dish with the tomato sauce and agreed. We immediately notified the waitress. She offered to bring us chili oil. Never did she offer to let us order a new dish or to remake our meals. Instead she said "I've been hearing complaints from other tables too." The waitress also told my friend that her food might not taste good because of alterations (she had not even made any to the menu-item but not professional to argue with the customer). She also never offered to let us speak to a manager. Her attempted resolution was highly unprofessional and inadequate (especially if other tables had voiced a similar concern).

At the end of the meal, we asked to speak to the manager (we were hopeful that the waitress would have been told the manager to visit our table after 2/4 of us complained but clearly this was wishful thinking). We shared our experience with her and she said she would "take care of it". We assumed we all got a free meal as is generally the outcome when more than one person is unhappy with their meal. She didn't charge my friend and I for our meals. I thought it was so tacky that they charged the other two guests. Even though they were satisfied with their meals, our dissatisfaction and complaining impacted their dining experience. The manager was hardly apologetic. Before we were able to get 2/4 meals comped, she offered us dessert ... not really enough considering how awful the food was.

They better get their act together if other customers expressed a similar concern. Too bad for them ... I live a block away and wanted to like it.
