83Vim9NHp66yLPPVlCl5Iw I came here with a group of 7, we were just trying to find an average price restaurant, with good variety of food that everyone will have something they can eat. I'm not expecting a lot when it's a situation like this, but this restaurant was not able to live up to my already lowered expectation. 

Food:
The server brought us two baskets of complimentary bread with a dish of olive oil and vinegar . The bread looks decent, they look like some homemade croissants. But, the texture was awful!  None of us can take a second bite of it, it's so dry! It taste like it's either a few days old or it has been microwaved multiple times! Also, the olive oil to share? what is this? Are they expecting everyone to dip in that plate? It's so gross....and inconvenient. Its okay to share butter or other spread, but I've never shared olive oil before.
We ordered an Italian sausage pizza as appetizers to share, it was average, the crust was too thick...nothing special.
Main course, I ordered a veggie primervera, which is just vegetarian pasta with tomato sauce.  It did not satisfy me either, overall very blend and in terms of vegetables, I was expecting some portebello mushroom, big slice of eggplants and cucumber, cherry tomato.... but instead, it's all thinly sliced, you almost can't see them in your pasta, and just regular mushroom that were shrunk after cooking. The tomato sauce was also too glue-y.....
Dessert - I shared a Tiramisu with a friend, it's the type that comes in a cup with lady fingers at the bottom of the cup. This was like one of the worst tiramisu you can get at a restaurant. It tastes like store bought, and made one week ago. The cheese on the top are already becoming chewy and jello like! We only had half

The food are so terrible, when the server came and ask how were the  food, I actually said it tastes bad (because he saw our unfinished tiramisu) and I think he was offended.

Service:
He forgot to bring the spoon for people who ordered pasta. SO this is what happened, I asked for a spoon as soon as he puts down my plate of pasta, and it took him like 5mins to come back because he went off and took care of other tables and he forgot... when he came back, he only brought 1 spoon for me, not for my other friends who were also having pasta. (well, you'd expect him to bring enough for everyone who's having pasta, that's a standard utensils to eat pasta , especially it's an Italian restaurant, how do you not know that) ...Later, my friends that are sitting at the other end of the table had to ask him again for spoon... 

Ambiance:
nice patio of second floor....maybe you can come here for drinks, but just don't eat here
