8dSIAoz_UphMGpZr_uMing I really wanted to give a 5 star review because the food is so good, but the staff, consistency and cleanliness has much to be desired.

First the staff.  I normally call in to do pickup orders, so when I come in the "pick up side" there is usually no one at the counter.  I think there is a door buzzer, but it's next to the door, not in the kitchen where everybody apparently is, so when I come in I usually just stand there until someone happens to wander up front.  What's worse is sometimes there a waitress walking back and forth from the dining room and she of course can see me at the counter because we make eye contact, but again, nothing.  I don't even think she mentioned I was out there. On another occasion I ordered a SMALL deep dish pizza and when I came to pick it up the girl at the counter pulled out a large pizza box.  I said "I ordered a small" she said "this is how they come, the order is right.  Like a dummy I believed her because I didn't want to be rude and open it in front of her, not to mention if it was right she would probably have another remark for me.  So of course I got home and it was totally wrong, a large thin crust pizza. However the manager did call me back to warn me I left my pizza there. I left my pizza there?  You gave me the wrong one!  I hate checking the food before I leave.  I'm not sure why that is put on me, they should be getting the order correct.

Next is just a small complaint, but they advertise the Chicago Bears (being a Chicago based food establishment), they even hand out Bears refrigerator magnets with all the dates of the Bears games.  There was even a sign that advertised "come watch the Bears games here".  However when I came one Sunday, the girl in the dining room said "we only get the televised games".  What a disappointment. So I just went to a sports bar down the street that had the game televised. If you are going to broadcast the Chicago Bears and their games, maybe invest in a Sunday Ticket with Direct TV so the Bears fans have a place to go.

Consistency.  Not too big of a deal, but every-time I order the Italian Beef Sandwich, its random if I will get hot gardenia, on the sandwich or on the side. Or if I will get Aj Jus at all. Also it doesn't feel like the staff is well versed on Chicago foods like Italian beef, when I asked for it "dipped" I sometimes have to explain that is when you dipped the entire sandwich in the Aj Jus. This also worries me that they might not have the right utensils to properly "dip" a sandwich. Which leads me to the 3rd issue:

Cleanliness... There's no excuse for this, and I've had some pretty gross issues.  Again, back to the Italian Beef. I brought the food home and started eating the sandwich about halfway through I end up pulling a 12 inch piece of hair out of my mouth. Probably the grossest thing to ever happened to me food wise. That is until the NEXT weekend I thought I would give it another chance. Again I brought the food home and halfway through the sandwich I pull a strand of stainless steel wool cleaning pad from my mouth! Now we are not talking just gross human hair, but potentially dangerous foreign OBJECTS in the food. It's almost like the Aj Jus sauce bin is used as a trash can.  I have yet to try the beef sandwich again. The thought of what is going on back there to allow steel wool and human hair in beef broth is beyond gross.  My assumption is the staff doesn't care (which I mentioned before).  The must be no pride taken with cleanliness. 

Here is the actual sad part, the food is excellent tasting! Well, that is before the mental stigma of gross objects being in the food happens. It bothers me because the is the closest thing to "Chicago food" within a few miles of my house.  I'm not saying this to be mean to Rosati's, I really want them to address these issues so I can come back. I just think they need to get the staff involved or get a staff that cares. Other than that this place has a lot of potential.
