8olG8J91NG_QU92WHG5QfA My first time at Amore was far from a positive one. As suggested by several reviews, I called ahead to have a deep dish put in for us to dine in later. They told us it would take about 45 minutes to get done, which we expected, so we showed up about 30 minutes in to make sure we didn't get cold food. Well, we ended up getting a cold pizza anyway, and even worse, there was hair in it. When we told our waitress, she acted like there was no way it could have happened and made excuses. To be fair, they offered to make a new pizza, but I sure didn't want to wait there another 45 minutes, and I honestly don't know who would.

Before I found the hair, I still can't say I agree that the deep dish is the best out there. I definitely wouldn't recommend sitting in the place for 45 minutes to wait for it to come out either. Maybe it's because mine was cold and I didn't get the full effect, but I just wasn't a huge fan. There was very little flavor to it, the cheese not being hot and melty wasn't ideal, and the dough felt undercooked. As a whole, it just wasn't right and was really disappointing after hearing how great it's supposed to be.

About the only thing I enjoyed on my first visit were the appetizers we ordered. Both the Fried Ravioli and Bruschetta were simple but delicious, and I'd recommend trying either.

Against my better judgement, we came back here for a second time...more because it's one of the wifeys favorite spots. This time around, almost everything was much better. Our waitress was extremely nice, had our drinks refilled quickly, and it was overall just a much better experience. I couldn't bring myself to order another deep dish, so this time around I tried something new with the Sausage and Peppers Platter...

I'm actually really surprised to see this isn't talked about more in reviews. It's literally served on a platter with a pretty healthy portion of sausage, peppers, potatoes and onions. The sausage is a nice coarse ground Italian sausage that is cooked perfect, and has just the right amount of spice. Both the peppers and onions were nicely done with still a little bit of crispness and not soggy at all. But what really makes this dish even better is the white wine sauce it's made with. It's absolutely delicious, and everything really soaks in all the flavors from it. Even after I was stuffed from eating it all, I couldn't help but grabbing some of their basket bread and dipping it in the sauce...it really is that good!

Had I reviewed Amore the first time around, it definitely would have been a 1 star review. There really isn't much that I hate more than finding stuff in my food, and usually I wouldn't even go back after I do, especially if it's hair. But I gotta give credit where credits due. The Sausage and Peppers Platter alone is worth coming here for. And if we were to come back with someone who wanted a deep dish, I'd probably give it another shot. I just wouldn't order it again on my own, and with it being one of their signature items, that says a lot.

Overall though, Amore is "A-OK"!
