8UiPh7jaIqT_Dm8Qt_9frA Annette Food Market was alright, but I won't be coming back.  The food is good, but the experience had some disappointments.  A shame because we had been looking to come here for a long time, and read & heard good things.

The one thing I noticed, as a person that enjoys beverages: there were NO domestic/local beer taps or wines! Maybe it's just me, but most neighbourhood restaurants have something, but this place seemed like it was anti-Canadian with their listings.  Personally, I prefer to try new local beverages, and prefer establishments with a locavore mentality (sad, I was expecting more out of "Annette Food Market").

The service was... I'd say less friendly than I'm used to for a neighbourhood joint.  Yes, they did the job, but it's less enjoyable when a server is bitter because another staffer was late.

I came with my wife on a Saturday at 5:30pm for dinner, thinking that they didn't take reservations.  Turns out, they recently started accepting reservations.  The place was half full, and they gave us a table by the window; we wanted a better table, but it was reserved.  During our meal, they rejected seating several other walk-ins, despite the half-empty restaurant.  The party for that reserved table arrived at 7pm.  In my opinion, the response should have been, "ok, it's 5:30 now, that table's booked for 7pm.  If you can be done by then, it's yours."  Instead we had the cold window table.  In that time, they could have, and should have seated us in the better table, and another party.  Getting rejected out of a half empty restaurant leaves sour tastes in peoples' mouths.

In "my" way:
1. We get seated at a better table. (win)
2. Another party gets seated. (win)
3. The restaurant makes more $. (win)
4. Other customers get rejected out of a full, rather than empty restaurant.  (as expected, no loss)

Instead, they lost on 4 points of common sense as my way would have still allowed the party with the reservation to have their table on time.
