_mg5bYknpZgaWSfjQVmrJQ We'd been getting takeout pizzas from the Glendale location for a long time...the pizzas were great and service was always fantastic.

But we won't go into this location anymore.  I'm with other reviewers...the service is hands-down bad.  I'd been in a couple of times just after it opened, and the main dining room is really loud.  Knowing that my hard-of-hearing husband (who wasn't with me either time) would have a hard time, I asked about seating in the much quieter bar and was told twice that it was open seating.  So when I finally came in with my husband, there were two parties waiting, so I confirmed with the hostess stand that the bar was open seating and we sat down at a table. 

After a couple of minutes, a young woman came over and asked if we checked with the hostess stand and I assured her that we did.  She then told us that we couldn't sit there, and I explained that we were told that it was open seating in the bar and it's much quieter and easier for my husband to hear in the bar.  Most bars have open seating, so I was a I little surprised when she snapped that it was open seating AT the bar, not IN the bar.  (I'm not sure how I missed the preposition three different times, but it's possible that I did.)

We got up to move, but even though there were several open tables around us and several in the dining room, she made no effort to apologize or to re-seat us.  The most appropriate response would have been:  "I'm sorry, this table isn't available, but stay here and let me find an open table for you."  When that wasn't forthcoming, I said to my husband "well, let's just go somewhere else."

At this point, she still could've saved the day, but she said the two words a customer never wants to hear at this point:  "Oh, OK."  She clearly suffered from a lack of training, a lack of maturity, or a lack of experience (or all three)...and a boatload of apathy.  

Needless to say, we haven't been back (this was 6 months ago)...which is too bad because we live within walking distance and figured we'd visit often.  Fortunately, it's not the only good pizza place in the area...
