8VwDchHdgV7xJFGAjay2jw DO NOT, I REPEAT, DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME WITH THIS RESTAURANT!!!  This restaurant deserves no stars.

Foolishly and uncharacteristically, I did not check Yelp because my wife said she had been here in the past and it was fine.  She obviously blotted it from her mind as a horribly traumatic experience.

When we walked in, we didn't need to be seated because there was only one other couple in the restaurant, the first bad sign. The second was there was not a server in sight.  After about 5 minutes, a sever did appear from the back somewhere.  She asked for our drink order and I told her we were ready to order our dinners also, My wife ordered lasagne, which was an early bird special.  Bad sign #3.  The waitress asked her if she wanted the lunch or dinner portion (it was 6:30pm).  My wife replied that she wanted the early bird special.  The waitress grabbed the menu to examine it stating that she wasn't familiar with it because she was just here temporarily.  I ordered the Chicken Cacciatore and iced tea.

Bad sign #4.  The waitress brought my iced tea. What could be wrong with iced tea? It was the foulest, most undrinkable concoction I ever attempted to drink.  When the waitress came by, I told her the iced tea was undrinkable & to bring me a Diet Coke. She came back shortly with a glass of regular Coke because they didn't carry Diet.  I said fine.  Shortly thereafter, an older man came out and said he heard that my tea wasn't good so he would bring me a fresh one.  He brought me the (fresh) one.  I didn't think it was possible, but it tasted worse than the first one.

The salads came and they were OK.  They had fresh leaf lettuce, with tomato and onion, but the italian dressing tasted like Wishbone (Thank God they didn't make it themselves).

Now for the entrees.  I won't go into any detail, but suffice it to say, if Taco Bell & Jack in the Box made lasagne and Chicken Cacciatore, I would eat it there before I'd set foot in this restaurant.  By the way, I haven't been to either of those places in the past 20 years.

My wife and I agreed, this was the worst restaurant we have ever eaten in and I'm talking about literally thousands of restaurant meals.  I cannot fathom how this "restaurant" is still in existence.

I have definitely learned my lesson.  I will never ever forget to check Yelp before I go to a new restaurant for fear that I might have blotted this nightmare out of my mind as my wife obviously did.
