8xyRFdmF_9boBaPx0jBhHQ Went to Red Devil on Bell Rd. yesterday (07/10) for lunch.  

A little background.  I meet my brother and friends once a week for lunch.  We go to a couple of different places, and about 2 months ago put Red Devil into the rotation.  My 9 year old son has been coming with us since school is out for the summer.

The first time I brought my son w/ me, he was given a customer appreciation card.  He got a free soda, and then every time we come in there, we get the card punched.  After 10 punches, he gets to pick out a fish for their aquarium.  Got his 10 yesterday and picked out a Black Tetra.  Staff has been very nice to him!

Since we have been going there, service has been top notch.  Every server we have has been attentive, knowledgable, and willing to accommodate special requests.  This is a RARE find today.

On to yesterdays lunch...

Red Devil has some great lunch specials under $10.00  They have several pastas to choose from and all the pasta dishes come w/ either a salad or soup.  They also have a couple of pizza's on the lunch menu for $5.99 (they call it a personal pizza, but it was about a 12" pie).

I have been getting the spaghetti and meat balls lately.  The pasta is thinner than a regular spaghetti and is cooked al dente.  The red sauce; while not as good a mine, is very tasty.  The red sauce is thick and not watery at all.  They give you 2 average size meatballs in the dish.  I have had meatballs at some restaurants that are so dry, you need a glass of water to choke them down.  Not the case here.  The meatballs at Red Devil are very moist and go great w/ the sauce.

As I stated earlier, the pasta entries on the lunch menu come w/ a side of salad or soup.  I have been getting the salad; it's the standard iceberg lettuce w/ croutons, cucumber, carrot and onion.  What makes it so good is the house made Italian dressing they have to go with it.  The dressing has a very good flavor and they are not skimpy w/ it.

My son had the personal pizza w/ pepperoni.  Nice sized pizza (no salad w/ this one).  Thin crust NY style and plenty big for lunch.  Every pizza I have had at Red Devil has been good.  This one was no exception.  Sauce was good and had a nice amount of pepperoni on it (about 3 pieces per slice).  The sauce and toppings extended out to within 1/4-1/2 inch of the edge.  

Lunches also come w/ house made rolls and real butter.

I have been to Red Devil about 8x in the last 3 months.  The service and food have been good each time.  The lunch specials are a good value and the service has been great.  I hope they don't change a thing!
