91sdZ0d-5RMXNcBYB3uU0g Papa Giuseppe's is quaint and totally adorbs! :D 

Yes, I am absolutely too old to use the term "adorbs" but it's done now, live with it.

It's such a tiny restaurant but my friend and I had no issues squeezing ourselves into the bar. 

A couple of tips for your visit:

1) Their house wines are pretty good. I had the white and it was a light Riesling and I like my wines enjoyable and not so dry to suck the life our of my tongue
2) Their table bread is naked pizza, but they had three (3) types of dip, balsamic, tomato sauce and garlic
3) Then we had the wild mushroom bruschetta - I was surprised it came on pizza dough. I would have preferred it on crusty baguette... Their regular bruschetta comes that way.
4) Buffalo mozzarella, tomato and beautiful leaves of basil... WINNER!!!! It was so good and I just wanted to bathe in the vinegary cream sauce thing. Like seriously, scrub me down.
5) Based on reading reviews, the pizza is more highly rated than the pasta so we shared the chicken with sundried tomatoes and artichokes. It was good. Their hot oil wasn't very hot. That made me sad. Also, it's true about this whole scissors thing. It's kinda fun, although both of us were really boring and cut triangles... I mean, what other shapes can we do?? I would like to propose a challenge, post some pics of your crazy shapes and I will endeavour to do that next time I go!!!
6)Tiramisu - eh. Housemade but I've had better, although at least I wasn't up half the night! Sometimes that espresso they use is too strong. I did love the strawberry gelato! Note: all desserts seems to come with a giant dollup of whipped cream... Maybe it was my server but way too much cream and I am sweet enough!

PS. If you order take out, they totally give you this cute plastic pizza cutter - I think it's free, I saw them handing them out... I totally want one.

Also the wait staff was totes (yes! pretending to be young, don't hate, celebrate!) cool. They were a bit slow but lovely and the chefs chatted with us while we stared at the giant pizza ovens. I shudder to think about the short life of the pizza that goes into it. Ek.
