95Efv0xKoUsP5lvTnaeK5w I came to Daddona's with my family so there were 9 of us seated together (although 2 were not eating-just sharing our bottles of wine).  We didn't have a reservation but there were only 3 other tables (2-5 people each) during our Sunday night dining experience.  I don't feel our large group should have been an issue but service was slow.  Refills were non-existent, even when we wanted to purchase an additional bottle of wine.  We ended up flagging the busboy and then quickly placed our food order because we weren't sure when the waitress would return.     

It was my first time but my dad has been a big fan of this place for awhile so I didn't want to complain in front of him.  However, had the waitress stopped by once throughout our meal, I most certainly would have pointed out the flaws in my meal.  I ordered the seafood linguine (frutti de mare), which is my go-to dish at any Italian restaurant.  The sauce was a bit on the watery side and had more of a cream look than I expected with a marinara description.  However, the worst part came with my second bite and a sharp jab to the inside of my check.  Mussel shells were shattered throughout my dish.  The mussels that were intact didn't have any meat inside.  It was an interesting presentation.  I spent about 10 mins picking out shells before moving further in my meal.  Not once did the server come by asking how things were or if we needed anything.  Daddona's version of my normally favorite meal left a lot to be desired and was overall a huge disappointment.  

My family had mixed reactions to their dishes--I know 2 siblings had an alfredo pasta and liked it, my husband had something he considered okay (it was a chicken dish but their website doesn't have the menu and I can't remember the actual name).  We all raved about the garlic knots-those earned a star on their own.  And having a salad included with an entree is also a plus.  So this place isn't all bad but I don't have any plans to return.
