96WEYBD_-xgxvmWNcxwVMQ Went here for lunch on 12/09/16 at around 1:30pm. We opted for the patio as I wanted to enjoy the last bit of summer weather before the chill of winter sets in and at 21 degrees it was pleasant.
The patio area is a small space with some very basic patio tables and chairs, but it's a beautiful space with definite design promise. I truly look forward to it's cabana like feel being utilized in the future with some soft curtains, sectionals and some more conversational sets. The other two levels do require the same soft touch of accents to bring the spaces together, but as this is a new restaurant I am forgiving and look forward to it's aesthetic evolution in the years to come.
As for the food we ordered the charcuterie platter, steak and fries, Asiago Penne and the pork belly Mac n cheese.
The charcuterie platter was fantastic and a wonderful start to our meal. The cheese, meats, grilled peaches and walnuts worked so well together. I can not praise this enough, every bite was simply delicious. Very well executed.
I am not a fan of to much salt and found the steak to be generously salted, but the meat was moist and delicious, the parmesan fries were delicious... but once more a bit too salty for my taste. It unfortunately came with no veggies and I felt that could have added to decreasing the impact of the salt, if there were a side of slightly sweet veggies to pair with the other items on the plate. Overall it was a good dish, but not as exceptional as I had hoped.
The Penne with chicken was generously salted as well and with the cheese it certainly made for a heavily salted dish, but again this is just my preference. The dish itself was flavourful and the pasta was cooked perfectly. My bf enjoyed it and had no complaints, he felt there was enough cheese and veggies and just the right amount of seasoning that suited his taste.
The Mac n cheese was superb, the crispy pork belly with the soft pasta made for a wonderful combination. 
Desserts... definitely room for improvement, there was pretty much no custard to my Caribbean tart, I had expected mango custard and got mango chunks, though tasty was no custard. I truly dislike deconstructed foods. I wanted a lovely creamy custardy tart, not a bowl of fruit and crumbled crust, so I felt really disappointed by this dessert. The cheesecake was overpowering with cream cheese, I felt it was not executed as well as it could have been. The S'more Brownie was amazing and it will certainly be my go to next time. I certainly see lots of potential for this restaurant.
It reminds me of pub faire. The menu is small but varying enough to suit differing taste buds.
I certainly would return to try their other items as I believe the patio menu did not have a few of the appetizers (sliders etc).
I look forward to the growth of this restaurant as it has potential to be one of the best in Brampton. Serving staff are lovely and do their best, that I can appreciate (especially when scaling 2 flights of impressive stairs)
