99j5vhhtFJIefXDLsmA29Q My husband is a lover of pizza so with all the buzz going around about this place, we had to try it. When we entered, we were immediately greeted with a smiling staff member welcoming us. We took a bit to review their menu which had several delicious choices. We ordered the Capricciosa - prosciutto ham, mushrooms, sauce and buffalo mozzarella (loving this cheese). Many of the chain pizza places use too much sauce which drowns out the taste of the other ingredients. Well, you will not get that here - just enough sauce and a hearty helping of fresh ingredients.

Watching the staff create our masterpiece was a plus. From tossing the dough to piling on of the toppings to entering their wood fire oven. While waiting, we ordered a couple of beers. They have six brews on tap and also wine available. We were stoked to find out all their pizzas are 16"! Score on the leftovers!!! We also noticed they have desserts too (gelato, cannolis, and cheesecake), so save some room. From what I heard, their cheesecake is worthy of a cheat day to treat yourself. Also, if you order a salad, be prepared as they serve up healthy portions that can feed at least four. 

While enjoying our brews and pizza, we noticed that the staff members appeared to be cross trained as they switched between positions - taking orders, prepping the pizza, cleaning tables, and cooking. They worked and communicated well with each other and one could tell that it was a positive working environment. I loved that every customer who dined in was greeted by a staff member at some point during their stay. 

We really enjoyed this place. They have picnic style tables, napkins and silverware provided on each table, and pre-made items to either take for take out orders or season will eating in. They share a parking lot but we had no problem finding parking. This place gets busy around 5:30 pm, so be patient. The staff moves customers along efficiently, clean tables quickly and there is a lot of sitting inside and out.

Bravo!!!!!
