9a3DrZvpYxVs3k_qwlCNSw Phoenix is lucky to have a spot like this to claim. Cibo is a house built about a hundred years ago near downtown Phoenix that was converted to a pizzeria. The inside is fairly small with dim lights and wood floors. The outside is a little bit bigger with lots of trees lit up with Christmas lights and filled with swamp coolers. The restaurant is both intimate and casual at the same time. It almost feels like you are in another city that people actually congregate together instead of stay spread out miles apart. 

The service is pretty good for how busy they can get. They only take reservations for parties of 6 or more. If you go on a Friday or Saturday night be prepared to wait anywhere from 30 minutes to over an hour. 

The price is fair to moderate depending on how much you want to taste. I recommend tasting as much as you can preferably with at least a group of 4. 

The food is really good. Two of the appetizers that are hits are the antipasto which comes with meat, olives, mozzarella, and roasted peppers spread out on a large plate. The other is the burrata, which comes with this awesome bread slightly burnt, two home made mozzarella balls with a soft center and balsamic vinegar drizzled on top, and some prosciutto on the side. Both are really great and enough to share for 4 or more. If you can only get one definitely go with the burrata. 

The pizza is what people really come here for but maybe a bit of a disappointment depending on what you are expecting. My favorite is the margherita with spicy salami added. The pizza is about a 12" artisanal style. The toppings are good but honestly could be better. The sauce is a tasty but on the thick side. The dough is nicely charred but too chewy. Don't get me wrong, the pizza is delicious and blows away quite a few other options in AZ but it doesn't take the cake for me. 

For dessert Cibo offers a few different crepes with nutella and fruit that are popular. Tastes like crepes filled with chocolate and fruit. Tastes decent but nothing special. 

For two people with drinks, appetizer, pizza, and dessert you are looking right under a bill with tip. 

Here's how I round it out: 
Appetizer - 5 (burrata) 
Service - 4 
Price - 3.5 
Pizza - 3.5 
Dessert - 3 

Overall - 4
