9a3DrZvpYxVs3k_qwlCNSw First of all, I have to say for all those comparing it to Bianco what a compliment right off the start for this place.  Being compared to a place that was I believe voted the best Pizza in the USA by USA today (I think) should right away tell you something about this place.  I am not going to compare the two as both are fantastic places with excellent food.  If I had a last meal and one of these two were served I would not die unsatisfied!

So after about a year of trying to find the right time to go there my wife, 9 year old daughter and myself along with a few friends, we made it to Cibo last eve for dinner.  We goti there at 5:45 pm on a Saturday night, thankfully had reservations and sat right down.  First impressions, am I back east at a great eatery.  The ambiance being downtown outside was just fantastic, something I have not experienced here in Phoenix since moving here in the mid 90's.  Very old world, loved it!

We started with two appetizers, the meat plate with cheese, some grilled veggies and some fruit and the eve's special the fried rice and cheese balls with marinara sauce.  Both were spot on, delicious and loved by all at the table.

Onto the pizza's, what more can you say than spectacular.  My daughter and her friend had the margarita pizza with no basil, my wife the spicy salami red pizza, they all raved and devoured theirs quickly.  Myself I wanted to try two pizzas and was amazed that at a place with individual pizza's like this you can get 1/2 and 1/2.  What a treat and beyond what I expected at a artisan pizza place like this.  So I LOVE white pizza and went  with one half of the potato and sausage pie and 1/2 of the 4 cheese and spicy salami pie.  WOW is all I can say.  Now the sausage and potato half was very good, but it did not even compare to the 4 cheese and spicy salami.  The cheese on that side had great flavor, salt and spice, I sadly shared one (yes only 1) slice of the pie with the rest of the table and the reaction was the same.  Why didn't I order that?  If you like cheese, salt and spice, this is the pie for you!

All that food and yep we still had to try dessert.  My daughter LOVES nutella and they have about 4 or 5 crepes with nutella in them.  She and her friend went with the nutella, strawberry, banana and chocolate crepe with vanilla ice cream on top.  DELISH.  Glad they were kind of full after 1/2 way thru it as the rest of the adults at the table gladly finished it off.  

The adults went with the Fresco dessert, crepes with fresh fruit and whipped cream on top.  It was also fantastic (but next time I would go Nutella), very light and a perfect ending to a great dinner.

Its quite a drive from my house in S.E. Chandler to this place, thankfully we had an event downtown.  Would I make this trip for dinner with the wife on a weekend eve, without a doubt worth it.  Would I make sure to go there next time I am downtown for anything.  Heck yes!  This is just the kind of place that I love.  Great food, great atmosphere.  One of the most enjoyable dining experiences I have had in Phoenix.
