9a3DrZvpYxVs3k_qwlCNSw I've gone to Cibo 3 times now and each time, I said, maybe it's just an off night, let's see if it's better next time.... I prefer writing positive reviews, but I have to say, what is the big buzz about this place?  What am I missing?  

The place is pretty busy for a Wednesday evening.  We had reservations for 2.  We sat at 7.  We were greeted within 5 minutes and placed drink orders.  Our waters came 5 minutes later.... our one beer and one glass of prosecco came at 7:18pm.  We decided to place our dinner entrees, so not to get caught behind huge parties.  

So thankfully, I can pull teeth to make conversation, but dang the wait was long and I did not appreciate having to be dragged longer on an already not-so-great date. (haha, that's another story).  Our food arrived after 8:00pm.  It's one thing if it's extremely busy, but the server never came to check in on us or apologize for the hold up, or see if we wanted an appetizer 'til then.... ;-/

The Capricciosa pizze rosse and bolognese were all we ordered.  You would think after the long wait that I would devour into this and think it tastes amazing..... I guess I was disappointed.  The food wasn't as hot as I'd like it, but felt like it might have been sitting under a heat lamp for too long.  The center of the pizza's crust was soggy.  And yes, I appreciate and know the differences between napolean and sicilian style pizzas.  My pizza's toppings seemed sparse, too.  

On a good note, the bolognese pasta was delicious.  Thin wide noodles cooked al dente paired with a good serving of meaty red sauce.  Love the chunky tomatoes.  Great herb seasoning and not too salty.  Very tasty, but again, semi-warm.  

And to not completely knock the service, our server asked if we wanted their spicy oil - I asked what that was, she gave a good description, which I tried.... that was a nice dipping sauce for my cold crusted pizza.  

By this point, I didn't want to stay around longer to dry the desserts... so hopefully, next time it'll be better!?
