9a3DrZvpYxVs3k_qwlCNSw Finally tried this place, and I definitely get what all the fuss is about!

I really like the atmosphere at Cibo. I was gonna say it's a "cute little place" because that's how it feels, but I think it's a lot bigger than it actually appears (as I was leaving I noticed that the patio really does have a lot of seating). It seems like there's a lot of separate little rooms each with a few tables, which I kind of like because even though this place gets busy you still can carry on a conversation with your party without feeling like you have to shout over loud noise. 

As for food, I can honestly say the calzone I had was one of (if not THE) best I ever had. I'm pretty easy to please when it comes to calzones, but the one at Cibo isn't quite as "heavy" compared to most places (the crust surrounding the cheese & meats is thinner), but it's HUGE & very filling. The lighter crust (& cheese) doesn't make you feel like there's a huge rock in your gut when you're finished even thought you just finished something so mammoth (and yes, I did finish my calzone). The other people I was with all had pizzas & they all found them to be yummy. I should note (and I'm pointing out my own stupidity here), the calzone at Cibo is listed on the menu w/the pizzas (they only have one calzone listed). The pizzas at Cibo all have special Italian sounding names. I actually thought I was ordering a pizza called the "calzone" and planned on sharing it w/the others in my party who were all sharing pizzas. I was a little surprised when I got an ACTUAL calzone (I know, silly me). Anyway, my friends had more than enough pizza to share with each other and I ate the whole calzone myself!

My friends ordered a couple of desserts, which I didn't plan on trying, but decided when in Rome, why not! I had a couple of the donut ball things dipped in nutella (sorry, don't know what they're actually called), and they were heaven. A couple other friends split whatever the crepe w/fresh fruit & whipped cream is called, and well, I probably ate at least half of it. So, yeah...

The service at Cibo is a little slow, but it gets crowded so that's understandable (I was here on a Friday). Our server was very friendly & helpful, though. I'll be back!
