9a3DrZvpYxVs3k_qwlCNSw 3 stars for food and ambience.  Minus 1 star for service.

Cibo is the average answer to Pizzeria Bianco.  I can't believe they've even been compared  - the only similarity I can think of is geography.  The crusts are worlds apart - at least on the night we went. 

We chose to take some out of town guests to Cibo last night because of:
(1) all the praises we read on Yelp and other media
(2) the fact that it's one of the few well-regarded independent places open on a Monday night
(3) it looked cute from the outside

Apparently, other people thought the same.  All the tables for four were full inside so we took a table in the patio, which turned out to be a blessing because we got lots of privacy to talk.  

The downside though was getting the attention of the waiter.  Ice water was poured and menus were handed out as soon as we sat down but the waiter appeared over 15 min later.  When we ordered a refill on a glass of wine after the appetizer, he came with it almost at the end of our meal.

We order the antipasto speciale, large ($17) to share.  The plate was huge:  generous slices of prosciutto, 3 slices of bresaola with shaved pecorino on arugula, 4 slices of grilled zucchini,  mounds of balsamic pearl onions, giant olives, grilled red peppers with capers and parmesan, and cherry tomatoes with bocconcini and basil.

Pizzas are split between Rosse (red) and Bianche (white).  On the waiter's recommendation, we ordered these: 
- Red: Diavola (tomato sauce, mozz and spicy salame)  $13
- White: Siena (grilled zucchini, mozz, speck (smoked proscuitto) and pecorino)  $14

VERDICT: Cibo vs Pizzeria Bianco

The toppings were generous and tasty but the major complaint we had was the CRUST.  Pizza's all about the crust.  This was more like charred bread - it was not crusty in the least bit.  The dough had a nice chew to it but no crunch whatsoever.  

Chris Bianco's dough is so brilliant because there's an awesome contrast between the crusty exterior and the pillowy interior.  Chris' crust is so thin that you can inhale slice after slice but here we had trouble eating more than 2 slices.  

Even though this pizza was baked in a brick oven, there was no smokiness to it - almost as if it was flash-baked.  Pizzeria Bianco's crust not only has texture but a complex-flavored interior and smoky exterior.  Eating pizza will never be the same again...

WINNER:  Pizzeria Bianco
