9a3DrZvpYxVs3k_qwlCNSw The only reason I am giving this place 4 stars instead of 5 is because of the following reasons.
   When I called to make reservations 10 days before wishing to dine there, the man told me that they don't usually take reservations for parties of five, "but that he'd see what he could do."  He had a vaguely condescending tone.  Then when I had the nerve to ask him if we could be on the patio, he kind of laughed and said, "the patio fills up quickly but again, I'll see what I can do."  Seeing as though I made the reservation 10 days in advance, I'd think the patio wouldn't be booked up that far out....but maybe I'm mistaken.  

  When we got there the night we dined, it was a perfect night and the patio was beautiful with twinkly lights on all the trees.  When we gave our names for our 7:30 reservations, the owners,( I'm assuming they're the owners, they seemed to be a couple) seemed very stressed out and told us they would seat us as soon as possible.....and we waited....and we waited.  I was the designated driver so I ordered a club soda with lime, but this establishment only has $6 bottles of Italian sparkling water, which certainly added up throughout the evening.  We had cocktails as we stood on the ramp leading from the restaurant to the patio, being jostled about by waiters and patrons frequently.  My brother asked me if I knew what the word "Cibo" meant.  I said I did not.  Then he said with a sly grin, "It means SLOW."  Finally, after waiting about 40 mins., we were seated.

  We seemed to have 3 or 4 waiters.  It didn't really affect the experience too much except that we didn't know who to ask for what.  People kept coming up and asking us things we had already told the last waiter who'd visited us......strange.  The only other issue I have is the napkins are paper.  When you are eating pizza at a kinda fancy joint,  it is my belief you should have cloth napkins.  But again, maybe I'm being picky.

  The food, however, was absolutely wonderful.  We ordered an antipasto plate which was great,  a salad with chick pea dressing, awesome croutons, Pecorino Romano and parsnips.  Out of this world!  Our second salad had pears, honey, more romano cheese, and roasted almonds tossed in balsamic vinaigrette.
  My dad, the pasta freak, ordered a simple thick spaghetti-like pasta, fresh and not available every day.  It had browned butter and black pepper and herbs on it.  He was very happy.    The rest of us split 2 pizzas.  The simple Margherita, just sauce, fresh mozzarella and basil.  (They forgot to put the basil on the pizza however and had to bring us a cup full).  The other pizza was the Tartufata, a white pizza with prosciutto, mozzarella, mushrooms and drizzled with truffle oil.  We fought over the the last piece!  

  Seeing as it was my sister in law's birthday, they brought a crepe filled with chocolate which tasted like a big chocolate chip cookie.  I've never been that big of a fan of the crepe but everyone took a few bites.  There was also a jazz trio playing on the patio and even though they were a bit loud at times, we were not seated close to them and they did a version of a Radiohead song which I appreciated.

  So, a bit of a pain in the ass logistically and service wise.  (They do have valet parking)  But the food is absolutely awesome.  If they would just get some club soda and those cloth napkins.....
