9CYZaEbU3KjdLFMkKbUXVw I will begin this positive review on a down note; I miss the lunch hours here something fierce. Walking in shockingly hungover at 1 pm to have $4 breakfast sandwiches, continue drinking, and flirt outrageously with the bartender only to have her laugh at me was an absolute treat. Unfortunately, few people seem to know how outstanding this place is, so, the lunch hours are no more. Brunch, yes, also awesome.

The ambiance is fantastic here. It's very relaxed-rock star and makes you feel like you're invited to an in-demand house party at Lew Ashby's. Bartenders are (almost) all quick, knowledgeable, and the kind of energetically hungover which gives even more confidence to the clientele. The saying 'don't trust a skinny chef', adapted to, 'don't trust a sober bartender'. They're funny, intelligent, and just cool to hang out with. Bar tabs are surprisingly low, too, even after seven Pimm's Cups with a splash of J&B and a grapefruit garnish.

Food is very good, considering the price point. It's in direct competition with Nirvana and Sneaky Dee's, so it has to aim for the cheaper end, and definitely hits.

So, great room, great bartenders, great food, great price...why four stars? Way too many douchebags go here. Once it starts filling up I am only too glad to leave. Things overheard during busy hours: 'So what can I get that's really cheap here?' 'Why's that jerk at the bar wearing pink?' (from a jerk wearing pink) 'Man, I used to like Nirvana, but then that one guy died and all and they were really lousy after that'. 20-year-old broke college students who think they're cool come here after 8, from the floozy energetic girl to the arrogant Lacoste polo wearing dickheads to guys who actually stand in the stairwell comparing their own LP collection to the one on the wall. I know it's unfair to judge a place by a small sampling of its clientele, but it also stinks not being able to go to one of my favorite bars in the city past a certain point of the day.
