9Jn6MJZMz2R6rcszqmXDqg Walked into the restaurant for an 830 reservation. It seemed like no one noticed us (two) for the first 5 minutes or so. We actually kept up with the timing of when they would see us. They were so busy there that all the waiters and waitresses had their hands full of plates and there were dirty glasses all over the counter that we first lay our eyes on. It just didn't look too impressive, but as a yelper who loves food, I'm still waiting for it. 

We had a couple waiters come to us saying that the maître'd will come serve us. When he did, we got seated for approx 15 minutes before we got served water. By that time, we already figured out what we want to eat from the groupon coupon we had. (2 apps, 1 antipasiti, 2 entrees, 2 desserts) ($69)  
We quickly ordered our food and noticed that the table next to us had the wrong entree ordered and served to them. The waiter told them that it would be a 45-60 minute wait in order to change it. It must have been a jungle in there because there were so many people and many plates flying out and in the kitchen. 

My boyfriend and I decided to take this date to come here because it was reviewed as the top 10 restaurants out of 6500 in Toronto so we thought it'd be nice to try. 

We timed that our appetizer (mozzarella and tomatoes + arugula salad) came another 20 minutes after our ordering and our antipasti (beef carpaccio) came 10 minutes after we finished our apps. We waited almost an hour until our entree came and by that time we wanted to pack it up and go because it was already 1045. So basically we spent 2.5 hours at the restaurant waiting for our entree (rainbow trout + lamb chops) to come and we didn't even get to eat it because we weren't even hungry anymore because of the wait. I was really disappointed as I had read reviews that this place was amazing.

We just wanted our desserts by then and we ordered the creme brulee and tiramisu. Both of which were amazing and to-die-for! It was so worth the wait!

The waiter was a young man and was super polite about it. He apologized a whole lot tonight about the wait times and how this hasn't happened before and he hopes we would come back because food is actually really good. How do you only have 3 chefs on a Saturday night???!?! But anyway I don't know if I would come back. If I do it would definitely be for the desserts and that nice young man waiter!
