9WIn1fMJoDPqkc5HOQdybw Hard to review!  Partly because I'm usually NOT a fan of most of what I would call the different "Regional Italian Cuisines" (I'm guessing)... This is not my first, nor second choice of "style" I'm looking for in an "Italian" Meal... We saw reviews on yelp, were in the mood for Italian and checked it out! 

The Service was Exceptional!  We had four people help with our table, not counting the Manager... ALL were very pleasant, made us feel at Home!

Bread was very good, probably made there, probably right out of the oven... Very Smart to have GREAT Bread!  Off to a very good start!

The Fried Calamari had Very Good Flavor! 4.5 stars!  In my life I have only eaten a few that I thought were better!  The batter was thin and light, just the way I like it!  Thankfully the flavor was very good on it's own because the "Marinara reminded me of something from a jar and I was hoping we would not see that sauce with our Pasta dish...

Linguine with Marinara was the "test dish"... If a plain Sauce is good...then... The Linguine  was the usual width and thicker than many... It had a good flavor (as in three stars) and it was firm (not mushy) and well drained (not watery) Oh No this Marinara was the same as the one served with the Calamari!  The Pasta gets 3.5 stars and the Marinara gets 2 stars.

Swordfish is probably my Favorite "fish" so when I noticed "Swordfish" as a Featured Special, on the "Specials Menu" I got very excited and since my Girlfriend had never tasted Swordfish and she is more of a "Fish fan" than I... When the entree came out it looked Fantastic... I gave her the first bite and she replied : "NOT Bad"... ... ... Hummm?  Just to confirm I asked her what she meant and then I tasted what she meant...  OK, when describing something, my aim is to tell the listener what it is, instead of what it is NOT!  My Girlfriend knew how excited I was that she was getting to taste Swordfish for the first time... It has been a little while since I have eaten Swordfish (months, not years) This one had a more common taste... The flavor was good for fish, no better than good!  Good as in about 3 yelp stars... Of all the Swordfish I have eaten this one (maybe the Kitchen made a mistake) was my least favorite!  Maybe the Market made a Mistake or perhaps I made a mistake? 3 stars at best! 

The Grilled Vegetables with the fish were Very Good!  Eggplant, Onions and and Yum!  Grilled here means Grilled (not sauteed) Dry and slightly crispy.  The Mashed Potatoes (or whatever they were) had a good flavor, though they were Cold! 4 stars for flavor...

Aioli Sauce... This was Very good (I Hate Mayonnaise) so this was something I was going to taste just for the review... I liked it!  Capers and Dill may have made it for me!  4 stars

Desserts : : 

Ricotta Cheesecake... I'll give it 3.5 stars because it had good flavor... I LOVE a GREAT Ricotta Cheesecake and have only eaten it in two other places (about 10 pieces in one place over about a three year period - I enjoy Ricotta Cheesecake more than all other Cheesecakes, this one, though it tasted good was mt least favorite of ALL Ricotta Cheesecakes!  The more "Spongecake" version is the one I prefer, though I bet I'm in a minority on that one! 

Cannolis with Pistachios, Pretty Disappointing!  I prefer a sweeter and richer filling... 3 yelp stars is generous for this one
