9WIn1fMJoDPqkc5HOQdybw This was our third time eating here and while the first time was good the last two occasions have been awful. We ate at the restaurant near Christmas and the service was  terrible.  We decided to give it another chance tonight and unfortunately this visit was the same as the second one. Our server who called himself Favio was a bit a arrogant to start the evening. We had reservations and were seated at 7:30 pm. He introduced himself as our sever and made a comment that everything is made to order and it is prepared in 20-25 mins. He then said keep in mind that the customer is rarely right and it you change your order it will cause a problem so make sure you know what you want. We were not quite sure if he was kidding but his lack of personality led us to believe he meant it. 

We had a party of six and ordered a bottle of wine before ordering our meals.  He took our order at  8:00 pm and we did not see our meal until 9:25 pm. The restaurant was only a third full at that time and we were getting agitated that our food had not come out nearly an hour and half after placing our order. Favio could see that we getting irritated that we had not gotten our meals yet he never once came over to explain the delay. When the meals arrived he served us yet again never apologized for the long wait or offered to see if he could accommodate us. When we finished and the check came a20% tip was included in the bill though no one mentioned that when we made our reservation nor did Favio.  We confronted Favio about the unfair tip and poor service and he blamed the Chef for the delay. He said he could do nothing about the 20% gratuity because the cash register automatically added it in. He said he couldn't remove the tip while we said we were not pleased with the service and he didn't deserve 20%. He became belligerent and argumentative continuing to blame the issue on the cooks and he said he deserved the tip. His language got vulgar and offensive as he described his disdain for  the cooks. We again let him know that we were not pleased on giving him a $60 tip because they automatically included it in our bill. We asked to speak  with a manger and he said there was no manger working at the restaurant. Of course we didn't  believe that and realized he was not going amend out bill for the 20%. He acted like he was just a server but we believe he was the manager. This encounter convinced us to never return and everyone should ask upfront if they hit you with a gratuity regardless of the size of your  party.  Their poor customer service and sneaky gratuity policy should make you think twice before eating here.  Oh by the way the food was also just average this time. We will be notifying the BBB if Union county  about their practice of arbitrarily including s 20% tip automatically without any warning. Not sure why  they get to decide that we will have to pay 20% for service. When we might prefer 15 or  18% or in this case none at all. 

Very shady.
