9xdVIIzHp12Zrox5aFaaHA Incredible food, fantastic service and very good prices.

Full disclosure: a good friend of mine is the manager here. I'll try to be as objective as I can, but honestly, if I didn't love the place, I just wouldn't write a review. Luckily for my tummy and our friendship, I was completely blown away.

Chad and I came for dinner on a Good Friday evening. At 6:30pm, it was PACKED. It seems that this is the go-to place for young west end families to dine. Thankfully, the kids were all well behaved. We sat at the bar since we didn't really feel like waiting for a table. Firstly, the service is great, and not just because I know a couple people that work there. The staff genuinely like each other and are happy to be there. The bartender was friendly and knowledgable and service was quick. The people I know there are from my past life as a server at Il Fornello and were always very professional and great at their jobs.

To start, we shared the calimari appetizer, a steal at $8. It was INCREDIBLE. It was perfectly cooked (grilled over a fire, I think) and served with roasted tomatoes and impossibly tiny olives that gave it a great salty bite. I loved this. I could have eaten a whole meal of this. We also had house-baked bread on the table with scotch bonnet chili sauce, which meant I got dinner and a show as Chad choked on the super hot chilis.

Chad and I both had the Napoletana pizza ($13), which featured anchovies, olives and oregano. He had it on the crispier roma crust, and I had it on the chewier napoletana crust. It was tasty, but I should have ordered a pizza with more toppings, as this was not the kind of pizza you get when you can't have cheese. It's a simple pizza where you get to really let the crust, sauce and cheese sing. Totally my fault, this isn't the first cheeseless pizza I ordered. My friend actually recommended that I get a different one, but I really really wanted olives and anchovies. The olives and anchovies were perfectly balanced throughout. I particularly loved the tomato sauce, which they were very generous for mine. It was fresh, flavourful, simple and made from scratch. It actually tasted a lot like the sauce I make at home, and I make a damn good sauce.

I was super happy with my dining experience, and loved that it didn't break the bank, even though we split a bottle of wine ($29) and had cocktails. I'm definitely coming back and will try their pastas next, just to get some more of that sweet, sweet tomato sauce. I was told that they're working on some new menu items that will include dairy and gluten-free options. 

If you're looking for really delicious food, friendly, unpretentious service and a warm, casual atmosphere, this is your place.
