_pQXP4FwM8oPweUA8HLbcQ Based off of other reviews, I guess it depends on when you go what kind of service you'll get. I've never had their pizza, it never looks appetizing when you walk in and see it sitting on the counter. I was craving garlic bread and this place had good reviews on their garlic knots so I got some. They are incredible! Well, the first time I had them, they were. The second time, when I would bite into one, grease went EVERY where. Like it was a grease bomb. Still good but that much greasy oily-ness was a deterrent. So, that was a couple months ago and I was in the mood for spaghetti recently. The young woman at the front counter seemed nice enough but she definitely was being obviously fake and could care less what you had to say, just place your order if you must and get out of her face. I wouldn't hold it against her, we all have bad days when we try hard to be nice but it doesn't always come across well. When I asked for spaghetti with meatballs, I was given the option of three different pastas, which was awesome but I went with regular and meat sauce instead of meatballs. Apparently I was ordering the dinner special or something because it came with a salad and garlic knots (which I was going to order anyway because hopefully they'd be good this time). I requested a caesar salad because that's the safest bet that people don't go crazy like they would a house salad. When I went to find a seat while I waited, the first table was still dirty from whatever patron had eaten there so I moved on. The next table seemed relatively clean but come to find out after I sat that the top was completely sticky like they had used a dirty rag in dirty water to wipe the table off. Time went by and eventually my food was ready. I opened the bag to check for utensils and napkins since I usually forget to look and don't want to ask if they already provided it. I didn't see any and, when I looked up to ask, the man I assume is the manager was giving me a look that made me so nervous I asked for parmesan packets instead of utensils. The look from the young woman was more of a "why are you still wasting my time, just leave" so i asked for one and left as fast as possible. When I arrived home, I pulled out a small Styrofoam container and a larger aluminum container. I thought they had forgotten my garlic knots and I was sad because that was the part I was looking forward to the most. Unfortunately, they had stuck them in with the spaghetti. Most people wouldn't find this a problem unless they don't like soggy bread. I don't like soggy bread and I also do not like sauce on garlic bread in any state. It's not their fault, I didn't know and I'm sure they're just trying to save money on containers. So I moved on to the salad.... I've never had a caesar salad that had black olives in it and it was littered with them. It's a pizza place. They should have enough toppings to make an accurate caesar salad. I ended up tossing it out. I then moved onto the garlic knots, even though covered in sauce, maybe they could save the meal. I was so wrong. Both knots I had received were completely burnt on the bottom and that was all they tasted like, even with the added sauce on them. Ok, well, maybe the spaghetti can save this meal since that was what I was initially in the mood for anyway. I've had more flavorful spaghetti from a freezer section. The noodles were the only good part of the entire meal.

Will I go back? Only one more time for those garlic knots. If they're bad again, I will never return and take my business down the road to Casanova Bros where they seem legitimately nice, even when they're busy, and treat you like an old friend of the family.
