A7waf6G3cvnLfAqKeLL8DA Italian food was my favorite kind of food for the longest time. If I hadn't been introduced to pho, it still would be. Regardless, it's still in the top three. Pasta will never be something I don't enjoy, and the flavors and textures and overall fillingness of Italian food is why it's still and always will be one of the worlds most global cuisines.

Buca is located on King St just off the main strip, near Portland. Follow the old school European pathway and you'll find it on the right hand side in a submerged basement level loft style room. With the brick and steel accents and high ceilings, the place just ruminates class. 

The service is excellent. Our server in particular was extremely attentive and prompt with menus, water, and bringing us our food. My friend and I had our meals within 5-7 minutes of placing our order.

I ordered the 'Bigioli' which is duck egg pasta in a rose style sauce. Perfectly plated and arranged, I almost felt bad taking a bite as it was almost like a piece of art the way it was presented instead of food. If I had one complaint, it was the serving size which was about the same measurement as a tennis ball. For $21 I'd have expected to get more, but the quality and flavor were very good. My friend got the pizza, and she was blown away by the taste. Said it was the best pizza she'd ever had, and she hasn't had pizza since because it wouldn't own up to Buca. Not a bad compliment.

The last thing I'll comment on is the price. I get that it's King West, I get that it's Buca and high end, I get that eating out costs money. And this definitely has more to do with my favorite foods mostly happen to be affordable (pho, Chinese, fast foods like pizza), but for a pizza, pasta and two glasses of wine it was $82. I can't complain, it was paid for by work using a gift card I'd won at a holiday party so I can't complain, but I'd be reticent to go back paying on my own dollar, especially since when I got home I had to eat leftovers to make up for the lack of food I had here. Still, the crowd this restaurant services is one who's bankroll most likely eclipses mine, so maybe they only lose half points!

Worth going to. Good food and service, but I miss the old Italian places where they had laminated menus on parchment lapsed with Fettuccini Alfredo and Linguine Marsala on the menu. 

Check it out. Bring your bosses Amex card
