AAc1Ob8MPxNUycjZ0kEd1Q Our first visit was during the afternoon and we were seated on the patio. During the lunch there were men working on the awnings. They were drilling so loud that you actually had to stop your conversations. Also I know it's outside and all but maybe try to do something that would help with the bee situation. We had one glass of sangria each and the bees were constantly around. So much so that when I went to swish one away I knocked over my drink accidentally. My second visit was last night. To say I was unimpressed is an understatement. The first server was completely uninterested in helping us and looked like he wished he could be anywhere other than at work. Then due to the heat we went transferred to a table inside. We were a large party of 12 so I was happy they could accommodate us. Once inside and enjoy the air conditioning we met our new server. Again he was the same or maybe just because we are a large party he was intimidated. Not sure the reason but once again the service was shit. We had to ask multiple times for him to even return to our table. The food was excellent as always I have no complaints there. However wait for it here is my biggest complaint. Actually our party was so disgusted we will never return and I would advise everyone in a large group to read this. Our server broke the check down for us so we could pay separate. We fully were prepared to have a tip automatically added as we are such a large group. However the restaurant tried to pull a fast one on us. It was a Thursday night so wine by the bottle was 1/2 price. 12 ladies and a girls night out we ordered a few bottles. What the restaurant did next is appalling. They actually charged the tip based on the full bottle value on all of our bills. So this practice more than doubled any tip they should have received. When one of our girls approached the server it became a verbal battle. I being the out spoke one decided to step in. I spoke with the manager. (Skinny guy grey hair and glasses) during our discussion he disclosed that this has been happening and blamed it on his pos machine. I am disgusted that not only has h known about this for the past two and half months that the restaurant has been open but that they continue to allow this to happen. I think they should be embarrassed that they feel it's okay to rip off innocent parties and then blame it on a pos machine. Hello it will only charge you for what you enter. Have you thought about fixing the problem??? Or did you think no one would notice??? In the end he agreed to return all of the tips on everyone's bill. We did not live anything extra for our server as he also new what the scam was.
