aD-YA02i2xAqLBDon1tzIQ What fun! We had a great dinner at our first visit to Noca and thoroughly enjoyed the taste, presentation and unique flair of the food. The cuisine was creative yet yet still harmonious, fresh and high quality. A culinary adventure (in a  good way) - we couldn't wait to experiencet each course. 

After we ordered we received two complementary treats - first a gazpacho "granita" (like a tomato icee with basil oil) and a cold fresh pea soup. Both excellent and perfectly refreshing. For starters, my husband got the cold corn soup, which was naturally sweet, rich and luscious. I had the squash blossoms stuffed with ricotta and fried tempura style. Excellent, though I think I'd like anything cheesy and done tempura style, so maybe I should have tried something a little less conventional. 

We then shared a large raviolo with duck egg in the center and rich lobster sauce with mushrooms. Delectable; and I'm glad we shared because it was quite rich and filling. The serving temperature was luke warmish - I'm not sure if that was by design, but it would have been even better piping hot. 

Our main courses were scallops for me and sliced rolled beets stuffed with cheese for my husband. The scallops were done just right, and nicely salty (too much so for my husband's taste by I loved it). The beet dish was a play on a "pasta" dish with beets instead of pasta. The sweetness of the beets was nicely offset by the bitterness of broccoli rabe. 

By the time we got through all this (OK I had to have some of the scallop dish packed to go), we were stuffed but were dying to see what they could do with the desserts. A complementary bowl of green apple cotton candy kept us entertained while we perused the dessert menu. If we had listened to our stomachs we would have stopped there, but the taste buds were in charge by that time. The lemon tart was a wonderful. The donuts were, well ... donuts. I personally think that's a good thing (mmmm...donuts), but next time I'll try a more creative selection. 

On a Thursday evening we found the place less than half full so apparently weeknight crowds are hit or miss. The interior decor is spare yet comfortable. Until sundown the natural light through the windows is bright enough to make the interior a bit harsh and difficult to focus. I generally love lots of natural light, so I don't know why I found the lighting here so difficult.  prices are fairly high, and I'm not surprised considering the uniquness of each dish - many items are locally sourced and and are clearly albor intensive.  Regarding the of the dishes, I would be nicely sated with an appetizer and an entree, or only an entree for a light meal.  The multi-course feast I described here had me uncomfortably full, and I'm not a skimpy eater.  We aready have reservations to try one of their tasting dinners.
