aD-YA02i2xAqLBDon1tzIQ the best dinner in phoenix. 100 stars. absolutely perfect. really, nothing to bitch about here.

as the yelp 5 star rating says, "woohoo, as good as it gets!!" this place is definitely worthy of every yelpers attention. i will be recommending this place to everyone - most notably for their exquisite dining concept called "sunday simple supper" - where you can get a 3 course meal (plus amuse bouche in between) for $35 a person. really, you can't pass it up. and the menu changes every sunday.

i chose this place as my birthday dinner celebration for the lady and i. as soon as we walked in, we were greeted by the owner and shown to our seats. the place has an open kitchen and fairly large dining area, with dark decor and as it started getting darker inside, the mood lighting settled in. our waiter was up right away to introduce himself and the sunday simple supper, with bottled water and delicious sourdough bread served first. after running through the *gasp* 8 PAGES of wines, my lady settled on a half bottle pinot grigio (which they were out of, but we were offered a similar, more expensive one at the out-of-stock wine's price by the owner). i picked their specialty cocktail of the night, a jalepeno margarita, which was the best margarita i've ever had. first taste was a beet salad on a spoon- wonderful and clean.  first course was a marinated heirloom tomato salad with shallots and basil. beautiful presentation and just as delicious as it looked. in between was a gespacho with pumpkin seed. never had gespacho before but i'd eat this every day.  second course i picked the pork shop bacon wrapped pork tenderloin with squash and whipped potatoes, and the lady had the halibut with vegetable rogout and ricotta gnocchi. the pork was absolutely de-fucking-licious. melted in your mouth. i didn't want it to be gone. cooked and seasoned to perfection. the halibut was tender and flavorful as well. two superb entrees. we were served a giant bowl filled with blue raspberry cotton candy, aptly called the "marge simpson". melt in your mouth good cotton candy. the make your own ice cream sundaes were fun and the ice cream was churned to perfection. an EXTRAORDINARY and complete meal.

i ate everything from start to finish and left no piece of food, er, standing. the flavor combinations were unique and everything had a perfect texture. the service was consistently excellent throughout the meal. our waiter sent us home with a NOCA treat, some sort of special small cookie cut like a piece of pie which i ate a day later. absolutely the best meal i have ever had. NOCA blew me out of the water. wonderful concept, wonderful service, and exquisite food.

 NOCA rocks yelpers socks.
