aD-YA02i2xAqLBDon1tzIQ Let me preface this by saying 5 stars do not give this foodie haven justice... this is probably the most delicious meal I've had... EVER!

It was a Wednesday night and we had 8:00 reservations.  We walked in right on time and were greeted immediately by none other than Eliot Wexler, himself. He couldn't have been friendlier, seating us immediately (just the way it should be when you have a reservation)! I noticed that the restaurant was packed and everyone around us seemed to be enjoying themselves - that was a good sign!  Plus the fact that I bumped into Jenn H, and I know she's got good taste, so when she recommended a few of her favorite menu items, I listened!

There were 3 of us dining, and I know we all enjoyed every moment, every sip, and every bite!  We each had a glass of wine to start - I went with the Kim Crawford Sauv Blanc.  Looking over the menu, it was difficult to decide on what to order - everything sounded unique and appealing.  After asking our waiter, Robert, for his opinion, I flagged Eliot down to ask what he thought between the Skate Wing and the Scallops.  He sold me on the Skate Wing... and I would order it again and again!  But before I get there, I have to mention that the table sampled the Gougere with mushroom duxelle and port wine syrup... (a special treat that was not on the menu).  We also tasted the Spinach Mezzaluna - a handmade ravioli stuffed with ricotta, mascarpone, and pecorino.  It was incredible!  I truly savored each bite! Oh, and how can I forget the fresh bread and olive oil brought to our table?  Truly, the freshest tasting olive oil... I'm not kidding!

On to the entrees... (pictured above).  My companions fancied their scallops and halibut immensely.  We traded a bite for a bite so we could each try all three entrees too, and they were all pretty amazing.  I will say, however, that Eliot (and Jenn H) steered me right in suggesting the Skate Wing.  I pretty much licked my plate clean!

We were all full after the entrees but decided that dessert would be a good ending to this phenomenal meal... so, what did we do?  On top of the cotton candy, we shared the donuts and the apple risotto.  We may as well do it right, right?  Wow!  We sure did do it right... the donut holes were served with 3 dipping sauces, and while I'm not a donut person, these were pretty amazing.  I hadn't treated myself to Cotton Candy since I was a little girl, so that was a fun addition of sugar shot right into my system... you have to have some, it's their signature dessert!  Finally, we went for one more indulgence... the apple risotto - oh, the apple risotto.  Fantastic!  Tiny pieces of apple sauteed with butter, sugar, honey, and more... topped with a salty butter flavored ice cream.  I know there were some additional ingredients that I'm missing here, but OMG... need I say more?

In some of the press I've read about this place, it's referred to as "fine dining in a casual atmosphere at an accessible price." I would agree with that - although I do think the 'accessible price' part is relative.  I would consider this more of a 'special occasion' type of place because of the $$ you'll spend here - $50 pp more or less.  It's worth dumping out your piggy bank if you have to though... it's a culinary experience you won't forget!

I'm already dreaming about my next visit!
