AheA5X4tjY9Amih0yQ8wIw A complete and utter disappointment.  I thought we might have a nice Italian place right up the street, somewhere I could be a regular customer. This, however, was not just a poor attempt at Italian food, but a miserable excuse for cooking in general.  In this case, I'd blame the cook and find a new one immediately.  Perhaps what they say is true...this location is cursed.

I ordered the lasagna, a staple dish at an Italian restaurant.  This is because they had already messed up the menu by both not including veal parmesan (another staple dish)  and the spelling errors made it look like it was written by a third grader.  

One would think that the last thing they would botch would be the lasagna.  The bottom layer with the meat was dry and combined with the spices they used, tasted like the meat you would find in a taco.  I am not normally one to return a dish, but after one bite, I sent it back immediately.  It was horrendous! 

My girlfriend had ordered the salmon, so I figured that it would be impossible to go wrong with salmon as my choice.  As I waited for them to bring it to me, and as she ate, I noticed her picking around parts of it.  It wasn't cooked properly and half of it was raw!  

When mine arrived, it was the same thing.  Not wanting to complain anymore, I didn't say anything and choked down what I could and filled up on bread.  

On the plus side, the service didn't seem bad, and the problem was corrected instantly--or at least the service staff tried--the cook didn't come through. They didn't make me wait too long for my replacement meal.  

This restaurant, in my opinion, gets no stars for the simple fact that the food was no good.  Two meals undercooked and the third simply inedible. I go to restaurants to eat food prepared by someone else, with the expectation that it will be more delicious than anything I could ever make.  

As an Italian man who appreciates fine cuisine, I would recommend skipping this restaurant unless you only go to a restaurant to drink water or wine and don't plan on eating.
