aJK0MWXKgXIgQUCM9fqSJQ This review is for 4.5 stars. Entertainment Book Coupon participant (bogo).

Part One: We had the lunch buffet with some friends @ $6.49 some weeks ago, but I heard about this place from an old co-worker at another office, some years ago. So, I was familiar; knew that this co-worker's son liked having his birthday parties here, since there were games to play and coupons to redeem (kinda like Chuck E Chees, but on a smaller scale). Lots of selections, but appears small when compared to a casino buffet. But, this is when Quality over Quantity wins. And c'mon, it's not like all the Vegas buffets in town are good; most are mediocre, let's be real here (mystery foods, not enough flavor, overdone meat, poor quality dishes). There were: two salads, a host of dressings, five or six kinds of pizza- cheese, supreme, meats, hawaiian, pepperoni, bbq chicken, pasta & sauce, macaroni & cheese, garlic knots, cheese calzones, sandwich round (cut pie-style), soups, cinnamon buns, brownies, and fruit pizza. Fountain drinks station= free refills. It was very good. I sampled many items, but was trying to be careful, given my restricted diet. I want to go back again! After having this buffet, the one at CiCi's isn't so great, now.       

Part Two: Catering- 6 foot sandwich order $54.00 (including tax). This was disappointing. There was a lot of bread (very thick, especially the top piece), and not enough filling- two slices of cheese and one thin slice of roast beef, one thin slice of turkey, one thin slice of ham. Also, lots of the sandwiches were cut in quarter size pieces. Sides/condiments was shredded lettuce, very few slices of tomatoes (for a 6 ft. sandwich), mustard, and mayo. Getting Capriotti's three or four large specialty subs would have been better (cut up into small sandwiches). We thought it would be good, since we had eaten there. But no, it was not worth it. Another better option for us, we could've made our own sandwiches using Boar's Head meats and cheeses and french bread loaves. (It was a good thing we had pizzas from Domino's too, besides all the side dishes). 

So, basically the high starred review is for the restaurant side of the operation. The menu is pretty extensive; lots of other possible yummy options like Broasted Chicken. Also, there is a monster pizza challenge- posters are posted inside.

Overall, it is a clean restaurant, looks like there are lots of teams that patronize this place (as evidenced by the softball team sign-up events). It wasn't crowded for lunch, though there was an event being held there. The food in the buffet area was well-filled. The price is reasonable. Good family restaurant.
