_r-OvLO5wqncmsBCg3i0qw I don't even know where to start. The whole experience was amazing. 
Last week I was craving pizza. Naturally, I drag my boyfriend out to go find a place. We drove by having no idea Pomo was 15 minutes from close (which we didn't even find out until we were half way done eating). The staff never complained or even told us they were closing like most of the time when u go somewhere to eat and the staff is tryin to leave. Anyway besides the point...

We walked in and the host was super friendly and sweet. She made sure we were comfortable when she sat us and told us our server would be over. On the way to the table we were said hello to by a server (who ended up being our server) and a man behind the bar with a really cool accent. It was very welcoming. 

Our server, Michael, came over to our table and much to my delight was super knowledgeable about all beers they had. (Which made my boyfriend much happier about being dragged out-which made me way happier that he wasn't cranky about me dragging him out at 9:45 at night lol) 

The man with the fancy accent (I think he was the manager) was walking by and asked how we were doing. We'd never been there before so I asked a couple questions about the menu while our server was getting our drinks. I'm pretty picky and I told him what I liked & what I didn't like and he came up with a great suggestion. 
The pizza we got was delicious. It came out in a timely manner. Michael had came back to make sure everything was tasting good and we that we were pleased. I waived the manager over to thank him and asked about some cocktails be I wanted one. Also told him what I liked and didn't like and he whipped me up a delicious cocktail. Both our server and the manager along with the rest of the staff was outstanding. 

My boyfriend and I definitely will be returning and probably make this a regular spot. 
The atmosphere is fancy, well kept and very clean.
The food and drinks were perfect. 
But we will definitely be coming back mostly due to the staff. 

10 stars!!
