_r-OvLO5wqncmsBCg3i0qw We are Gilbert residents and love what is happening with the downtown area. Every time a new restaurant opens, we jump at the chance to try it. None have warranted a 1 star review till now.

Be advised that my review is based entirely on the food. And this was TAKE OUT.

The atmosphere comes out of the same bland design book that all of the other unoriginal "fox concept" style restaurants on the strip share. All of the houses in Gilbert do too so who cares about that.

The service was fine, a pleasant young lady answered the phone and took my order at 5:56 pm. She told me 15-20 minutes so I arrived at 6:09. It was done. Glad I showed up early to the flavor party! Again, pleasant hostess, etc.

Boxes seemed hot when I picked them up and how could they not be right? They are cooked in a million degree sparkly hipster pizza oven n'est pa? I immediately Jay Walked directly across the street to my truck and sped home, anxious to try whatever authentic Italian offering was so definitely waiting in my tiny little pizza boxes. We live less than 2 miles door to door from Pomo and I hit all the green lights. 5.25 minute drive maybe?  

I arrive at my home, whip the boxes out on the counter and fling the tops open. At first glance, the pizzas look like someone dumped Campbell's Creamy Tomato soup on a pizza crust. Bah! I think to myself, don't let your eyes deceive you! This place is one of the only places on the Gilbert strip to get 5 star reviews out of the box.

KID'S!!! PIZZA'S HERE!!!!

Do I wait? What do you think?

I grab a paper plate and wrestle out a slice of each; the BUFALA VERACE and the PORCINI pizza. Well, in this case, my first impression was correct. The pizza was cold. Cold. The flavor was bland. Bland. The Porcini mushrooms had mouth feel similar to ***COVER YOUR EARS*** ...I can't even say it... think garden slug meets oyster. My favorite tomato in the universe, the San Marzano plumb tomato was supposed to be the star of this pizza... I think it got hijacked by the afore mentioned Tomato soup. The crust was soggy in the middle, reasonably crispy on the edge and salty. Like really really salty, and kind of strangely bitter too.

Enough of the sub par pizza... I would have rather thrown in a $2.37 Costco cheese pizza.

Let's talk price. I'm guessing that these are 12" pizzas. I measured the box and it seems reasonable that they are. I bought a total of 24" of pizza for a whopping $37.62 that's $1.58 per inch. 

I don't know why I did that math there or how that relates to anything but I can tell you THIS: I don't want to spend $1.58/inch on ANY food item unless it really, really "KNOCKS MY SOCKS OFF" or is "To Die For!"

What's that Zinburger? I know, I know... I will never cheat on you again... :/
