aKEEQqL1UFMieilnylI1gw Five of us had dinner here recently since we were staying at the Wynn.  While the food was enjoyable, I cannot rate this restaurant higher was due to the service which was the worst of any high-end restaurant I've ever been to.

We ordered the Gran Menu di Mare which featured an assortment of seafood, but they served us instead the Menu di Paranza, one of many service mistakes of the night.   The appetizer course consisted of small dishes of:  Ligurian octopus salad (outstanding!!  Best dish of the night); baby clams with tomato sauce (so-so); seared scallops with porcini mushrooms (outstanding); and charcoal-grilled amberjack (good).   The Menus are really a great way t try many of their offerings.

Pastas were a seafood risotto (so-so); ricotta ravioli (another outstanding dish, probably one of the best pastas I've ever had in my life); and small rigatoni with scorpion fish and egglant (so-so -- could barely see or taste the fish).

The main course was a whole roasted branzino.  I've had whole roasted fish in Greece and France and am used to paying a pretty penny for it, so was not super surpised that the a la carte price for the fish was around $100.   That said, I'm so glad I didn't order this a la carte -- while the fish was good, it didn't blow my socks off and was on the small size compared to similarly priced fish in Europe.  We went with the waiter's recommendation of sauces:   the cruda (tomatoes, arugula, olive oil) was very light and paired beautifully with the fish, but the Palermitana was too heavy for such a delicate fish and overwhelmed the branzino.

By this time we weren't served dessert yet, but our 9.30 "Le Reve" show was starting in a few minutes so we had to rush out after only a bite of the desserts.   This was very frustrating since when I made the reservation, I asked several times if the time would be okay for the show and they assured me that it was plenty of time.   Then again, the reservationist also assured me that we could sit outside by the pool, but when we arrived we were told there were no spots there.

In addition to serving my husband & I the wrong menu, the server also put in the wrong order for another member of our group.  And though we said we were in a bit of a hurry to catch the show, it took FOREVER for our food to come out.   It was also very difficult to flag down the waiter when we needed water refills and to get our check.

I would be hesitant to go back to Bartolotta for a full meal, but the octopus salad was really special and I may visit just for that and other small bites.   Just beware if you're going here pre-theatre to stick to only a couple dishes, and allow yourself plenty of time.
