aKsM_Dt1Rpg9zRGdHzTnIw Thank you, Jay and Chef Payton, for bringing Boa Bistro to East Mesa. Boa Bistro is a much welcomed and superb addition to the nonexistent food scene in Mesa. I now have three Mesa foodie spots to frequent, and Boa Bistro might be my favorite in all the Valley. 

Yes, Boa Bistro is very new and still in its growing stages. The staff is in training, the outdoor patio not yet complete - but, I found the atmosphere and service to be top notch. The wait-staff is very friendly, professional, and helpful. Kristen at the bar was wonderful. The decor is modern, with a large white bar, funky lighting, and a clear, walk-in wine room that boasts the impressive selection of wines. This location is smaller than the one in Tempe, but that only adds intimacy to the experience. 

The best part of Boa Bistro is the wood-fired oven and Chef Payton's station at the front of the restaurant. If you can, sit at the bar and you'll be able to watch Chef Payton and his very friendly sous chef, Scooter, in action. At their station they prepare the salads, roast the oven-fired entrees, slice the meats and cheeses, and even assemble the desserts. If they have a moment, they might deliver your course to your table and give you an explanation of the dish. Both Chef Payton and Jay, the owner, took the time to say hello and welcome me to their new location. They are a lot of fun.

The menu is simple, highlighting the fresh, locally-sourced ingredients. There are a few familiar dishes from the Tempe location, including the mussels and the shrimp starters, the Panzanella salad and the mushroom ravioli. The rest of the menu seems new and delicious. I very much intended to have the meatball bruschetta and the gnocchi carbonara, but was seduced by the $30 menu special of the night: choice of salad to start, choice of fire-roasted trout (for 2), mussel entree, or MN meatloaf, and choice of dessert (tiramisu, brownie, or cappucino). 

The Panzanella salad is the perfect winter medley with marinated mushrooms and butternut squash. The trout is beautifully served as a full fish, cleanly de-boned with skin-on, cooked with almond butter and capers, and served with an arugula salad and green garlic-potato puree. Divine. The tiramisu is award-winning, with the perfect proportion of deliciously fluffy mascarpone cream to espresso-soaked ladyfingers. The entire meal was excellent and was served at a leisurely pace that is ideal for savoring every bite. The pacing of courses is something that many restaurants need to learn, and one aspect of my experience at Boa Bistro that I greatly appreciated and enjoyed. Relax and enjoy the food!

Boa Bistro is a foodie paradise. Local, fresh ingredients, outstanding menu and wine list, intimate setting, and personable Chef and staff.  Drive out to Mesa and try it! You will not be disappointed.You can follow Chef Payton on Twitter (ChefP8n) and get great updates on specials and daily ingredients. Buon appetito!
