AMTNJbYbu0OMMAkx4meQxw Absolutely, magnificently beautiful with table service that is a standard I judge other restaurants against.

First, while the theme for this restaurant is a circus, the jewel like colors and beautiful design choices just seem festive and celebratory rather than garish and loud like an actual circus.  Add to the the beautiful view of the Bellagio fountains, visible as they whoosh up from even the back of the room and you have an exquisite dining space.

Happily, the food and service measure up to the dining room.

My dining partner and I were both wearing tuxedos when we came and the host seating us automatically made the appropriate switch from white to black napkins.  This doesn't always happen, even at very upscale establishments.  We were asked if we had theater engagements and told our server that we were happy to have a leisurely meal.

I've dined at Circo three times and never had a disappointing dish.  Everything seems to be delivered to the table at the precise moment that it should and service is magical.  Never rushed or over pronounced and yet always there when one needs assistance.

Our last dinner consisted of caviar service, salads, Linguine with clams and finally the tenderloin.

This restaurant tend towards a high standard but is conservative on innovation.  Dishes never seem stodgy but are very classically presented.

The caviar was served in a jar in a bowl of ice with a mother of pearl serving utensil with all the traditional elements.

The salad was simple but the greens were so fresh and the flavors melded so perfectly, it was again an example of a classic presented in absolute perfection.

The same with the Linguine alla Vongole or Linguini and clams.  Beautifully prepared noodled perfectly prepared, sauced in a light sauce that perfectly complimented but didn't overwhelm the fresh clams which were perfectly cooked.  Just an exquisite treat. The filetto di manzo again was perfectly grilled with a wonderful porcini wrapped pate that was mouthwatering.  Everything was done with delicacy and restraint.  

We finished with a grand marnier souffle that again arrived at the table in the perfect state of doneness.

Circo is not the most innovative restaurant on the strip but its utmost attention to every detail of the dining experience make it an always reliable choice of a ravishingly perfect meal.  It is also worth checking out the small but beautiful bar area where this attention to detail is followed through in the mixing of drinks.
