AN9sX6Dh8-QAoJssdyno8A I am a super fan of any pizza place that has the Verace Pizze Napoletana Associazione , VPN, seal from Italy. CERTIFIED! This was one pizza place near us that we had not tried so on a Friday we found ourselves here. I was surprised that they were not very busy and the hostess gave us a slight attitude when we asked to be seated at a small table against the wall rather than near the door. Our waiter however was completely on his game. He was helpful and super patient as we generally take a good twenty minutes drinking our drinks and catching up and barely looking at the menu in front of us.. YES. We are that annoying couple who works a lot and meals out are for catching up sometimes. We were served waters and our drinks, bubbly Prosecco for me and an Italian beer for my husband, almost immediately. For you cocktail types, there are a few on the menu, but mainly you will find beer and wines here. Some great ones, I might add! Next door is the Kettle Black though, when you are done with your meal, if you are feeling like you need more libation! We love great calamari and we just had a feeling based on Yelp reviews that La Piazza would not disappoint us with their version.. They did not. This is the best calamari I have had in all of the desert. The calamari is crisp and spicy with calabrian chiles and and garlic and the chile sauce is to die for. I could have made this my entire meal! BUT fear not, Kimberly will get her pizza pie! We ordered the Italian Stallion.. Oh my. This Italian Stallion comes laden with lots of amazing-ness: The local Schreiners Sausage; Pepperoni; Prosciutto (cotto) and Sopresatta, and then San Marzano tomatoes and mozzarella to perfect this stallion of a pie. Your mouth thanks you when you take your first bite. We also ordered The Blanca and added Sopresatta too. So tasty .. i loved this white pizza and the ricotta combined with EVOO and mozzarella.The crust is crisp from the wood fired oven and you know that VPN seal has been earned for a reason! There are many things on the menu at La Piazza that look so tasty that deciding on what pizza to get was a challenge. A good one! There are fresh salads , calzone, paninis, lots of antipasti, and desserts. Our dessert on this particular night was a house made Limoncello. It was not the best I have had and unlike the 'other' amazing VPN certified pizza place in PHX, you will pay for it as its not gratis. But it was still sweet and nice to try! La Piazza is a perfect location for finishing dinner and having a night cap somewhere in the vicinity of CityScape or again, Kettle Black next door. Another great wood fired pizza place in PHX to add to my list of pie greatness!
