AN9sX6Dh8-QAoJssdyno8A Out of all of my favorite pizzerias in Phoenix, it has taken me awhile to get around to reviewing La Piazza Phx (formerly Locale). For those of you unfamiliar, this is the sister-restaurant of La Piazza al Forno. The menu has similarities, with the addition of some unique items that are excluded from their Glendale restaurant.

Make no mistake, the pizza served here is identical to Al Forno in regards to taste - and that's a great thing! I've always considered it to be some of the best in the city in terms of crust flavor and ingredient quality.

The Regina Marghertia D.O.C. (Denominazione di Origine Controllata), which is just a fancy way of saying that it adheres to strict VPN guidelines, is a textbook example of how simplicity and tradition always win when it comes to delivering phenomenal pizza. No BBQ chicken/sauce to be found here thank goodness!

Additionally, they also serve another personal favorite, the Dolce Diavolo. I've had various versions of this style of pizza at many places, but the addition of honey gives this creation what I'd refer to as a power-up! I've often said that if I opened up my own pizzeria, this would be one of the pizzas that I'd shamelessly rip-off and rename for my own menu. Additionally, the Pizza Fritte, which is a fried calzone, appears to be unique to this location and comes highly recommended.

I've never been a big fan of Al Forno's desserts. Finding a cheesecake or cannoli in Phoenix is as easy as locating a QuickTrip. But at this location, they offer something really special in their Angioletti Con Nutella. Yes, I realize that it's essentially just fried dough and Nutella. As I said it before: Simplicity over complexity! And dare I say, a little Angioletti is really all you need.

The only downside to this restaurant is that parking can often be a real pain - as is the case with most places Downtown. I'm guessing that you might be able to find parking in front if you're lucky. We usually end up finding a vacant spot several blocks away and just end up walking.  

If you're a fan of Al Forno, you'll undoubtedly enjoy the offerings at this location as well.  

Highly recommended!
