anQSLdujUOp0sTCmIBi2Tg I have long wanted to eat at this purveyor of classic Italian food with an "Old School" Las Vegas vibe and a longstanding reputation for memorable dining.  Now that I finally have, I am pleased to report that my high expectations were exceeded.  

We had 6:00 p.m. reservations, and, when all Las Vegas Convention Center lots were full at 3:45 p.m., restaurant management was kind enough to permit us to park here without charge.  Normally it is valet parking only.

When we returned from the Las Vegas Jewelry & Watch Show, Diane and I were quickly shown to our requested booth, and soon enjoyed a starter of cheesy and gooey Mozzarella Fritta with thin and spicy Marinara Sauce, along with exceptional crusty Italian bread and butter.  By the end of the meal, we (mostly me) had collectively consumed almost two entire loaves. 

A House Salad with fresh tomato, carrots, Green Bell Peppers, Red Onion, Iceberg Lettuce, and a light Italian Dressing was cool and refreshing, and a half Garbage Caesar Salad with Romaine Lettuce, tomato, a generous amount of avocado, croutons, Hearts of Palm, and large chunks of tasty shrimp was even more delectable.

I wanted to sample the Verdure e Legumi in Brodo, so I requested a half order.  When the so-called cup of soup arrived, I was shocked to see that the white lion-headed crock containing the hot liquid would have qualified as a bowl almost everywhere else.  But not here!  After being on the lookout for a bowl, I finally found one being carried through the dining room by a server.  And it was a huge white ceramic tureen covered by a plate.  As good as the soup was, I was glad that I only had to face a half order.  Filled with cauliflower, spinach, carrot spears, celery, vermicilli, mushrooms, and a very tasty vegetable broth, the soup was simply great.

The chef then surprised us by sending out from the kitchen complimentary Creamed Corn Au Gratin with Parmesan Cheese, which was sweet and creamy.  But nothing overshadowed my delicious signature dish entree of tender, falling off the bone Osso Bucco: a perfectly prepared slow-cooked veal shank mingling with a light tomatoey sauce and al dente fettuccine.  Meanwhile Diane greatly enjoyed her main of Veal Scaloppine Parmigiana topped by requested homemade Alfredo Sauce, and accompanied by splendid Roasted Potatoes.     

A dessert tray then beckoned with several tantalizing treats.  But, since Diane is allergic to berries, we had to turn back a chosen Cream Puff when we saw that it contained pieces of strawberry inside.  With sincerely expressed apologies, a slice of Carrot Cake with Coconut-Flaked Cream Cheese Frosting was quickly presented as a suitable replacement, for which we were not charged even though I was quite willing and poised to pay for everything we ate.  There was no reason for any restaurant employee to know of Diane's allergy.

Service from our highly competent waiter John Y. and his able assistants was on point all evening, with unbidden water refills, and requests for more bread and butter quickly accommodated.  Our booth was very comfortable, and, despite a bustling dining room, the ambiance was somewhat romantic with dimmed lights overhead.

I will surely return for more fine Italian cuisine and hospitality.
