anQSLdujUOp0sTCmIBi2Tg Went with my wife, sister, brother in law and family friends on Saturday August 4th (8pm reservation) for a combination birthday dinner/anniversary. Post event, have now added Pieros as a "absolute go to" every tme we are in Las Vegas. 

The two gentlemen out front - professional, funny, gave good overview of restaurant since we had never been there, and provided great service. 

Gentleman at front area who greeted us - personable, showed us to the bar, made us feel right at home. 

Nancy the bartender - once again, took care of us, made us feel at home, excellent mixologist, personable. 

Once my sister and her brother in law arrived, the event only became BETTER. We were very fortunate to be seated right behind the bar at a great table for the six of us. 

Sidenote: If I lived in Las Vegas (we are from Seattle) this would be a mainstay for watching MNF, as there are 4 unobstrusive big screens up above the bar. 

Billy, who was the primary person who took care of us for dinner, did a great job of explaining a litte about Pieros (per my request), the food, and some recommendations for the evening. 

The appetizers were amazing - the calimari, and especially the fried cheese were delicious as my favorites of the ones brought out. 

For the entree, I took Billys recommendation and ordered the pounded out veal parmesan, and it was the best culinary decision I have made in quite some time. It was the best serving of veal I have had in my adult life - bar none. 

During our entire meal, the entire staff at Pieros was there, but not there, as everything our table needed was provided seamlessly. 

Drinks were replaced without asking, cutlery magically showed up when needed, and all done with the understated elegeance of an establishment that knows how to take care of its customers. 

I cannot state how appreciative  I am for our visit to Pieros and the service we received - I would recommend Pieros to ANYONE looking to have a world class experience - the food, ambiance, and underlying feeling of the place is truly AWESOME. 

Thank you PIEROS (all members of the TEAM we interacted with), as you gave my wife and I a memory that will truly last a lifetime!

Tim OBrien 
Seattle, WA
