aQfNlf9j9QreSlbsacIXXQ When the best thing you had at dinner was your diet coke, you know there's a problem. 3 friends & I decided to catch up over dinner and since it was such a nice night we decided to dine waterfront. One of the girls I was dining with had recommended Marco's and we figured it was a safe bet. On arrival, things looked promising. We were seated quickly & warm bread with olive oil & vinegar was brought to our table promptly. However, after that, things went downhill fast. It took over 15 minutes for a server to come & ask us for our drinks. Keep in mind, it was not crowded so there was really no excuse for such a long wait. When our waiter finally came to take our order, we ordered a large Caesar salad for the table to share as an appetizer and explicitly said "to start" as an indication that we would like to start our meal with a salad, which seems to be customary at every other restaurant. Nearly half an hour went by, and finally our salad arrived... with our pizzas and pastas. One of the hostesses/waitresses/owners/managers (we weren't sure) stopped by our table and asked if we were missing a salad. We said no, it arrived with our meal even though we asked for it to be a starter. She talked to our waiter who assured her we asked him to bring it along with the pizzas... we didn't. Finally the woman passed by the table and I asked for extra salad dressing since the salad was very bare. We were not offered parmesan, nor given salad plates, more bread, water refills, etc. When she brought the dressing on the side, it looked strangely like mayonnaise however we dressed the salad and started to eat our meal. We could not believe how dull the salad was. One of us tasted the dressing from the little bowl and said it tasted like mayonnaise. I didn't believe her until I tasted it for myself. You know when you have leftover mayo on the plate and it turns into a creamy greasy color? Thats what it looked like. Not only did it look like mayonnaise, it tasted like mayonnaise. I don't know what Marco's Grill thinks Caesar salad is, but it is not that. I am not the type of person to complain, but this experience left such a bad taste in my mouth. When the woman walked by again, I quietly said, "I think that when you asked for dressing, they gave you mayonnaise because there is no flavour in the salad, or when we tasted it alone." "Impossible. We've never had any complaints about our Caesar salad." She then proceeded to grab the bowl of dressing and use her index finger to circle the bowl, rub it between her fingers, sniff it. I swear we all thought she was going to stick her finger in her mouth & give it a taste. After that rigamaroll, she said she would "need to take it in the back" for whatever reason. She came back with a bowl refilled with what she called "Caesar dressing" and asked if this is what we got. When we said yes, she asked if we put it in the salad & mixed (obviously????). She then proceeds to dump the entire contents of the dressing into the salad & mixed it in. Then she said "maybe you just need some parmesan". I don't know about you, but when I eat a Caesar salad I have expectations. I expect a delicious lemony, garlicky, dressing and I add parmesan to make it a little creamier. I don't need to add parmesan (not that our waiter even offered it initially) to a mayonnaise dressing. I realize that the base of caesar dressing & mayonnaise dressing may be similar, however I have had many caesar salads in my life. I thought it was impossible to mess one up.. I was wrong. Even after saying we weren't going to eat the salad, she kept tossing it and saying that maybe we just need some cheese. After saying no ma'am we are not going to eat it, she said "whatever" and launched the dressing bowl into the salad. After all the back and forth, we assumed since we had not eaten the salad and were wholly unsatisfied, it would be removed from our bill, as is customary, or at the very least offered a dessert. As someone who doesn't complain often, whenever I have been that unsatisfied with a meal, the restaurant is generally accommodating. Instead, it felt like an argument over salad dressing. The salad was smack at the top of our bill. All in all, Marco's had mediocre food, poor service, and left us feeling as though we had completely wasted our money. There are far better places to eat & I would not recommend.
