aqONNC5onqX6EqHHUO1CJA Can you say Mama Celeste?

This restaurant was so unbelieveably bad I had to whip out my notepad and take notes.  To have the word Chicago anywhere near this menu is downright criminal.  Aside from the frozen grocery store pizza-like cheese (a sprinkle here and there), it had enough salt to melt a Chicago winter's thickest ice covered street in seconds.  I went here today, Sept 3rd for a late lunch.  Alright so I'm on vacation in Scottsdale to scout locations for my future home.  I've spent the past 37 years of my life in Chicago eating pizza (thin crust and stuffed) on a weekly basis.  I read about this place all over and so many people (including some deluded dude at the table next to me) kept raving about how "Chicago" this pizza is.  Oh my goodness!!!!!!!!!  If this is Chicago pizza, kill me now!  this was the worst pizza ever!  I should have known when the waiter guy (a chick appeared later) said in response to our stuffed cheese pizza order, "I don't recommend cheese only".  He said, "if you get cheese only its gets pockets that don't cook all the way and explode when you cut it".  Huh?!  He was going on about this detriment when I finally cut him off and explained that I was from Chicago, wanted to compare stuffed pizzas, never heard of this but was scared so I'll go with the thin crust.  My boyfriend looked puzzled but I flat out told him, "Obviously they don't know what they're doing".  Don't cook all the way?  Explode when you cut into it?  What?!  I appreciate his warning but wonder if he was just trying to up sell since more ingredients equals more $.  If that was the case, his strategy backfired as I went for the thin crust which was cheaper altogether.  As it turns out, I must thank him as Oregano's is a restaurant I wouldn't recommend to my worst enemy.  Bad, bad, bad pizza.  It was actually embarrassing!  As I stated earlier, I overheard a neighbor table mentioning how "Chicago" this pizza was.  He wasn't from Chicago but had been there and had pizza from there and thought this Oregano's pizza was so good. Embarrassing!  I wanted to set him straight so badly but I didn't.  If this is what Arizonians (is that a word?) think Chicago pizza tastes like, I must find a home asap and open a REAL Chicago pizza restaurant.  I'm so embarrassed!  Seriously embarrassed!
