AueEbb9kao4lt6CYt06hqw (Lyrics - Nitty Gritty Dirt Band - Fishin In The Dark)

Cocktails serving brews coming up tonight, 
Juleps at the bar
Chickens are frying and pork bellies
are floating in the breeze 
Bo Bites get ready.....

Across the room where the cook turns plates with the old stone grill
I'm gonna go to a special place that everyone should know 
Bo Bites get ready....OoooooOooo

Yelp and me going to Okra Cookhouse
Singing our tunes and drinking at the bar
Where the bourbon flows

Down by Phoenix at The Crown on 7th
We'll be dining Southern eats in the evening lights
Just grooving slow....


Okra is a family friend of Crudos apparently -- wink!

I came here with a friend and at first we were both kind of lost since there was still construction going on.  However, once we found the entrance we were relieve to find a cute comforting restaurant!

We sat at the high top tables next to the bar since we wanted a view.  We started off with some cocktails since you can't turn down an award winning mixologist in the house!  I went for the Spirit Animal; tequila, sherry, lime, apple and pear bitters.  Overall, a solid drink to wet my palates for what's to come.  My partner ordered the Pina Tail on the Donkey; Appleton rum, Bacardi, smith & cross rum, mint and pineapple syrup.  Needless to say, it was a strong drink, beautifully poured, fun to look at, and fun to drink!

For our food we shot for the Hush Puppies to start and for the entree we ordered the Smoked Pork Osso Bucco and Catfish.  We both totally dig the hush puppies; soft within and crunchy cover while the goat cheese gave it a hint of creamy sweetness.  The pickled salad provided a sour punch.  My smoked pork came in an impressive style presentation; pretty much felt like I was going to eat a brontosaurus leg (yab-da-ba do!).  The meat was super tender and fell off the bone while the greens and black eye peas below which provided some extra flavors of sourness to the subtle meaty entree.  My partner's catfish dish was baked and came on a bed of okra succotashed gremolata.  She said it was good but was lacking in spice and flavors.  Overall, we love the originally of the food, but the lack flavors in certain aspects.  Drink selections was good and service was phenomenal! - Enjoy!
