AuIiqDeL65kczmiFSkAWrA This review is written with great disappointment and an empty stomach. After dinning here for several years with exceptional service and delicious food during nearly every visit, it is sad to say that Maggiano's- once one of the most decent and enjoyable Italian restaurants in the city- has become nothing more than another overpriced food chain who has surrendered standards of food quality for convenient, unsatisfactory practices that accommodate the new upscale-fast food pace of what was once a pleasant "night out" dinning experience. It is now Olive Garden with nicer decor and without the endless salad and bread sticks.

While the service from waiters and staff certainly still deserves praise and all five stars,the food, the main attraction, has lost all life, passion, and inspiration. 

The fried mozzarella appetizer, though having some flavor and edible, came warm rather than hot. Giving the impression the dish had been prepared ahead of time and kept warm. The dish was just hot enough for the cheese to stretch somewhat, rather than steaming hot with an extra crispy crust.

The Fettuccine Alfredo with chicken was completely flavorless. The most basic of the culinary cooking herbs could have gone a long way. Alas, despite our best efforts, no amount of complimentary salt, pepper, and Parmesan cheese could resuscitate the bland white sauce and under cooked noodles.

The eggplant parmesan, one of my long time favorite dishes, was apparently on holiday vacation with the rest of the country because it certainly didn't show up to our table. Bread crumbs and heavy amounts of acidic red sauce atop spaghetti noodles summarizes this dish. No flavor. No texture. No presentation. 

Of all the dishes brought to the table the mushroom ravioli and side spinach salad were the clear winners. Ample with flavor and reminiscent of what Maggiano's used to be. Unfortunately, this was not my order, and after three disappointments I did not feel compelled to change my order. Not even for the gnocchi with vodka sauce, another dish from the past I  have enjoyed, but could not bare to see fall short like the others.

Keeping in line with their excellent customer service, the chef did send home my original take home order of angel hair pasta and vegetables free of charge, despite the cancellation of my dine in order. While I am grateful for their gesture and commitment to patron satisfaction , sadly, the mushy noodles, catatonic sauce and vegetables did not amend for the very disappointing evening. 

Perhaps it was the busyness of a Saturday night that threw a large lug into the evening's fare. Whatever the case I hope Maggiano's can recover quickly and reverse it's current decent into corporate dining mediocrity.
