Ava9H-t4scVmP7u_onh7pg The outside of the place is so darn California-quaint you'll think you can see the Golden Gate Bridge in the back. 
A covered patio - featuring a guitarist when we went last Saturday night at 8:30pm - was packed with chatty wine-drinkers that looked so happy it seemed like were practicing for a commercial.
Inside, the place is small and has a good mix of modern/spare/winery vibe. Our waitress (Shannon?) was GREAT - knowledgable, funny, casual but attendant. Go to her and tip her well. She's probably the best service person ice seen in Charlotte so far.
The menu is very interesting. We had our choice of a variety of small plates, pizza, pasta, seafood, large plates, salads, etc. We chose a 6 piece charcuterie tasting which came on a beautiful slab of wood. A variety of house made cheeses along with some prosciutto, speck, bread triangles and - the best part - a few granola balls drizzled in local honey cuddling up to some glorious raspberries. Excellent.
Our pizza was a short rib and Gorgonzola number but I had that vile cheese ejected and replaced with some goat cheese. Gorgonzola = ew. It was VERY flavorful. The mushrooms on it were roasted and the onions caramelized, the meat tender, the pizza part of it was thin and bubbled from their pizza oven. Delicious.
Desserts were equally interesting. We had a ginger pannacotta that was as authentic as anything I ate in Japan. You don't really see hardcore ginger flavoring here and it was very good. 
And that was it.
Yes, we split a charcuterie board, a small pizza and a dessert and we were stuffed PLUS there were leftovers. We always guess on the bill amount, He estimated $100, I thought it would be more like $70. 
It was $48 - and $22 of it was a glass of wine He had! It was hard to gauge what was ordered as it all came with such flair and big flavor that it felt like more food. :) 
Next time, we will sit outside at the covered patron, alongside the grape vines (nice touch!) with the other prosciutto-eating wine drinkers and enjoy the music, the evening, the company and that amazing granola.
Or we try the brunch that Shannon raved about - she went on and on about the awesome offerings which all sounded so good. 
Plus, endless Mimosas are a very good thing.
