Ava9H-t4scVmP7u_onh7pg We've been in Charlotte for a year now and I've always said we should try Napa on Providence but there are so many good places to eat... anyway, today we finally got there intending to sit outside as it was a beautiful day for mid December.  They were putting up temporary walls around the outside seating area for winter so inside we went but not to be disappointed by anything else!  

We arrived around three in the afternoon on a weekday so it was nearly empty and we were shown to a nice booth in the California wine country themed main dining room.  Cara, our server showed up immediately and took our wine order and, as I had peeked at the menu online before leaving home I had our appetizer order ready too.  We ordered a shared starter from the top of the small plates menu, "p.e.i. mussels blistered grape tomatoes, smoked pablano peppers, preserved lemon butter, white wine, grilled ciabatta".  Cara brought our wine promptly along with a small loaf of fresh bread and some pomegranate butter (which was delicious).  

Now, my wife and I are big fans of mussels and we've eaten them all over the world for many years and I can honestly say that the ones here are the best we've ever had anywhere, bar none.  We both agreed on that and also that it was an appetizer big enough to be shared between two.  They were served with small herb toasted bread in a wonderful buttery sauce that was also great for dipping the bread.  

Then came the main courses;  pan seared scallops served over roasted golden beet couscous, wilted arugula, red beet gastrique, turnip puree for my wife and grilled salmon on top of a cauliflower mash, haricot verts, peperonata, cranberry marmellata for me.  I didn't even know what some of those add-ons were but I can tell you that both dishes were delicious and the presentation was amazing.  If there was a complaint, it would be that there were only two scallops in my wife's dish but they were genuine scallops and large ones at that.  We ordered a shared side dish of the roasted wild mushrooms which were also excellent.  

So, the "small" plate of mussels was actually pretty big as was the side dish of mushrooms and even though the mains were a little smaller than we're used to we were both too full to try one of the wonderful sounding sweets from the dessert menu; maybe next time... and there will be a next time, probably many of them if everything is as good as what we had today.  

Oh, and lets not forget... it is, after all, a Napa Valley wine themed restaurant and that is reflected in their massive wine list!  From service (thank you Cara) to ambience, to scrumptious food, it was truly a 5 star experience for us.
