Avh4vPVXkYPcHEbRs1ZdBQ Drawn to visit this place by the great reviews, my guest and I were very disappointed. That said, the 3 owners/workers that were present when we visited were extremely pleasant, accommodating, and sweet, and I didn't have the heart to be honest about the food despite that I should have been. 

I will preface this review by saying my guest and I are both originally from NYC, and I still live there part time, while my guest does full time. We have eaten at the best Italian restaurants in the city, as well as some of the best vegan, so we KNOW good food. Whether this was an "off" night or what, our perceptions of the place do not match the other reviews.

The food:

My guest had a seitan dish which was very good. The seitan itself was delicious, though the potatoes it was served with were just good. Further, the marinara sauce used was just basic.

The gnocchi was weirdly textured and flavored. I've had much better vegan gnocchi before, though the meat sauce was pretty delicious, albeit basic.

The rice ball, while huge, as other reviewers mentioned, was poorly done. Way too much rice to fried ratio. It basically tasted like overcooked white rice with tomato sauce. I've had MUCH better.

The cannoli was literally inedible. This was our first try at a vegan cannoli, so we didn't necessary expect it to be as great as the traditional Italian ones we'd had, but we definitely expected it to not be so disgusting we had to struggle to eat a few bites so as not to offend the people who truly seem to care about the food they serve.

The tour of Italy dessert, which was a lemon tart, was very good, though super tart. 

The cappuccino was delicious.

We also bought from the market, the smoked and regular imported mozzarella, which, while interesting, were not great. We've eaten some in a make shift caprese salad, which made it much better, and on crackers it's ok. The combo pack of five different types of chocolate seems to be very good, though we've only tried the orange one so far.

Basically, this place would have gotten a basic 3 stars if it were not for the inedible cannoli that tasted like cleaner. This was unforgiveable, and literally the worst dessert my guest and I had ever tried...and we are HUGE foodies who eat out a lot and try many different types of food.
