AWJhMTYsIYzCIYAIUA-waA I'm staying near the Desert Ridge area for about a month and have been here twice. However, after the last experience, I think it will be a while since I come here again or recommend this place to friends.

The first time I came here was around lunch time since we were at Desert Ridge and looking for a bite to eat.  We ordered a combo of appetizers and entrees.

Mac & Cheese Bites with Truffle Dip - it is okay, just little balls of mac and cheese that is later fried. When you bite into it, it is airy and there isn't a whole lot of taste to it.

Zucchini Fritti with Truffle Dip - I wouldn't recommend this appetizer again unless they keep an eye on how long they fry the zucchini.  The idea sounds good, long strips of zucchini that is fried almost like thin strips of chips, however, what came out was less than desired.  Most of what was on our plate was over fried. I don't mean "golden brown" either, but like dark brown, inedible pieces.  We didn't complain to the waiter but he must've seen that most of the plate was untouched.

Penne Rustica - roasted chicken, shrimp, rosemary cream, prosciutto, parmesan. This was alright, I thought the pasta was a bit overcooked and not al dente, but it wasn't mushy either.

Sweet Corn & Clam Fettuccine- clams, pancetta, celery, cream, white wine, green onion.  My friend ordered this and substituted with penne pasta instead. She seemed to like it although found it to be a bit too heavy as she got to the end of the dish.

Service was fine on our first visit.

Then about two weeks later I took my aunt/uncle who were visiting from out of town. We decided to stop here for a late lunch. It was around 1:45 pm by now.
When we entered, most of the dining area was empty with the exception of two small tables that had people who were eating. The annoying part of this was that we waited for almost 10 minutes before anyone came by to actually seat us, we basically gone unnoticed and there was 3 of us with 2 more on their way. I had to approach someone to mention we would like to be seated. If we didn't already arrange to meet my aunt and uncle to meet us there already, I would've left the restaurant and gone elsewhere. 
 
We ordered a few appetizers to share, and I mentioned to our table not to order the zucchini fritti after last time's bad experience.

Calamari Fritti - fried calamari was actually pretty good. The batter was light and there was a fair amount of calmari to share.
 
Lobster-Stuffed Clams- clams, pancetta, garlic breadcrumbs, red pepper aioli. This was a disappointing item. It sounded good from the description, but the clams were tiny, couldn't find much (if any lobster) and you tasted more breadcrumbs than anything else.

Shrimp Portofino - jumbo shrimp, capellini, spinach, mushrooms, pine nuts, lemon butter. This this was fine, perhaps a bit too much oil for my taste.
 
The rest of the group ordered the combo lunch specials and then another ordered the sweet corn & clam fettuccine. 

The service this time wasn't very good. Yes, she came to get our drinks when we first sat down, but we had to flag her down to take our orders and also to get us some more bread and refill our drinks midway.  Mind you, this place had a total of 3 tables including us and there were a few waitstaff working that day.  Paying for the bill took forever as well.

Overall, the food isn't terrible here but there are some dishes better than others. Service I wish would be more consistent.
