Axz55vNN-HHUeXpSOodbeg I had first heard of Nora Gray from Lesley Chesterman's review in The Montreal Gazette last February. I made note of it and put it on the quite lengthy "places to go" list. Fast forward one year later and Nora Gray had become one of my most anticipated restaurants to check out. Luckily, I was finally able to enjoy a Friday night dinner there a few weeks ago with my family.

Walked into the approximately 50 seat space and right away loved the look of the room. Chic and modern with wood paneled walls, dark banquettes, black and white frames, dimmed lighting and a beautiful looking bar that I would love to spend hours at. Add to that the great alternative music that I became aware of over the course of the dinner and you have a space that certainly appeals to my sensibilities. This is a restaurant that screams timeless classics but with a young and hip touch.

As for the menu, it changes regularly and if I had to characterize it, I would say it is one of Italian influences but certainly not one shackled by what one expects from a typical Italian joint. To start off with, given co-owner Ryan Gray's reputation as a sommelier and knower of things cocktail and spirits, I started with their "My Buddy Frankie" - Maker's Mark, Campari and Vergano Mauro Vermouth. Very nice and balanced cocktail although if you don't like Campari, I probably wouldn't recommend it as that is the spirit that comes out the most. The wine list is mostly French and Italian which is not our family's forte however our waitress was quite helpful in recommending some options for us and both selections she brought forth were enjoyed by all of us. Ryan also came by to see if we had any other questions about the wine list which was appreciated.

As appetizers, we started with the rabbit liver pâté with caramelized onions on top of housemade cornbread. This was a great dish - a perfect combination of everything you would like to have - the richness of the rabbit liver with the sweetness of the onions and the warm cornbread. Definitely something I would eat again...and again... and again. This was a one of those dishes where, after eating it, I went "I now want to try making this at home so others can try the combination".

The next entree was grilled octopus with spicy red pepper sauce. Very nice again. The octopus was grilled perfectly and the sauce added a little kick to the whole dish.

The final entree was crispy sweetbreads with honey and horseradish served on a bed of crispy spinach. Now, sweetbreads is something that often automatically turns people off and I get it. However, when cooked and prepared properly, sweetbreads are a wonderful treat to enjoy. Nora Gray's version is along those lines. By frying them, it creates a nice crispy texture to pair with the softer interior. The touch of honey brings a great sweetness that mixed nicely with the naturally fatty and earthy tones of sweetbreads. The crispy spinach was perfectly done as well.

Two mains were ordered amongst our party since a few redundancies took place between the 4 of us. The first one was the chick pea hot pot. I personally didn't try it but my sister rather enjoyed it. The chick peas were of the right consistency and the whole thing had a nice basil taste to it.

I ordered as a main the porchetta with potato and broccoli cake. In Nora Gray's version, the roast was stuffed with pork and veal. The roast was just perfectly cooked. The interior was soft and moist whereas the exterior skin was golden crispy. Rich and delicious in every way. Under the roast, the potato and broccoli cake was a nice contrast to the fattiness of the pork and veal. Very good plate across the board.

Next up were the desserts. First up, the ricotta tort with blood orange. Exactly as rich as you expect with something based primarily out of ricotta. The blood orange added a very distinguished citrus note to it. Very well done.

The flourless chocolate cake was quite good as well. No complaints here. 

The one miss of the evening was the Concorde grape jelly. The execution was spot-on. The jelly had exactly the right texture however the flavour really didn't step up like we would have hoped. The only negative in an otherwise amazing meal.

Nora Gray was a great experience that lived up to everything I had hoped it would be since I placed it on my to-go list over a year ago. The service was friendly and very timely. They were also quite understanding when I called ahead to say we would be late by 20 mins or so. They simply thanked us for the notice and mentioned to us that there was a reservation after us so we would not have as much time to eat by arriving a little late. Despite that, they never rush us and we left quite satisfied and of our own accord well before the next party arriving. I would have no reservations whatsoever recommending this place to anyone... 

Cheers!
