azE1DNVQFBU8boVbaJhj7w I stopped by here with my wife a couple of Tuesdays ago for dinner.  My wife and I go to the Strip District fairly often and whenever we pass Lidia's I always comment on how I haven't been there in a long time.  So whenever a three course tasting with a bottle of wine popped up on Groupon, I quickly purchased it and made the reservations for us.  The inside of Lidia's is a really nice looking place with the walls having nice shades of yellow, an exposed beams ceiling, a huge fireplace in one corner, some cutouts in the walls with bottles of wine from Italy and tables covered in white tablecloths.

Since we had purchased the groupon our meals were pretty much predetermined for us.  We started off our meal with a caesar salad that had grana padano cheese on it.  Whenever it was delivered to our table I was impressed with the size of it as it took up a whole dinner plate.  While I enjoyed the salad immensely, I can imagine that someone who doesn't like as much dressing as myself would find the salad to be overdressed.  Our entrees ended up being the pasta trio which you are able to get refilled as many times as you want.  On this night the trio consisted of a spaghetti with tomato and herb sauce, an orecchiette with sausage and broccoli rabe and a gnocchi with sage butter sauce.  My favorite of the bunch had to have been the gnocchi as the gnocchi itself was light and fluffy and the sauce was seriously amazing.  The orecchiette was my second favorite and I enjoyed the addition of the sausage and broccoli rabe to it.  My least favorite of the bunch was the spaghetti which seemed a little boring compared to the rest.  I did really enjoy the al dente pasta from it though.  Our dessert was supposed to be the tiramisu but since I am unable to each chocolate I asked the server if it was possible to substitute in another dessert.  If it wasn't possible then my wife was going to be in luck as we would have just taken mine home.  Thankfully though they were able to substitute another dessert in and I ended up choosing the ice cream trio.  I can only remember the mascarpone and blood orange granita as the flavors that I had and its worth it to note that each ice cream came with a cute miniature cookie.  The blood orange granita was easily my favorite of the bunch as it was like eating italian ice with the flavor being slightly sour and also slightly sweet.

The bottom line for me is that I will head back to Lidia's again in the future.  I was pleasantly surprised by how good Lidia's really was and I could see myself going back here again in the future just to have the pasta trio.
