B70iTJjcPkuYn8ouUewWgw this is based on drinks only - not food. 
so i came here at thursday night with my SO, and the place was pretty full by the bar. there were still 3-4 tables empty though so there was no wait. we were seated by a friendly hostess at a table for two, towards the center of the room, with a nice view of the open kitchen.
so first thing you notice when you walk in, is that the place is a great space. very nicely decorated, the crowd is typical for a king st crowd, it's lively. it's loud - you'll have to raise your voice or almost shout to speak to your company across the table. this isn't necessarily a bad thing given your occasion and tastes. 

all the tables are very close together. like rubbing elbows close together. it's like they just tried to stuff as many tables in there as possible. too close for comfort for my tastes, and because of where we were sitting, people were always passing us, and we were being crowded from all angles. it was pretty annoying,  esp when paired with the crowd (who are typically exuberant, chatty, and loud.) and the music. 

after we were seated, we waited. and waited. and waited. and waited. no one came to our table. we didn't get menus. no water. there were servers around us but they were all serving other tables. we figured it was because the place was a bit busy so we just chatted the entire wait. when our waitress finally came by, she was polite but didn't apologize for the wait. we got our drinks. i got a small glass of the house wine Pinot grigio b/c at this point i wasnt going to find this place fun, my SO got a negroni. he didn't like his drink - it was way to bitter. my PG was surprising good. very good house vino which normally is pretty crappy. i can see why ppl like this place, and i imagine their patio is super in the summer. i probably won't be back unless i'm dragged here for a birthday dinner or something at which point i'll try their food. i'm glad i didn't get food this time around b/c i probably would have had to wait hours for it to be served to me.
