B9gUwTS1_Yzj2vajjC7Vmg What can I say on top of my other reviews? I really only update a business I've reviewed before because whilst on my first visit my socks were blown off, the second or third time around, even with such high expectations, next it is my shoes. It's like a sumptuous, foodie version of strip poker. Dare I go for dessert to see what might be next?

Anyway...how did that happen? Back to the point. Centotre is an Italian restaurant on George Street, but as I said in my previous review it has something different about it. It's not standard, generic Italian fodder. The owners, Victor and Carina, are supporters of the Slow Food movement. It told me so on April's lunch menu. This means they are all about good food, with only the best ingredients, prepared, cooked and to be enjoyed with the utmost passion. And if you can rise to that final challenge, they'll certainly deliver on all the others.

But wait, April's lunch menu you say? Yep. They must change the menu monthly, but not just hand-writing in on A4 pages. The menus that are presented are impressive A2 sized, printed and beautiful. So they go to this much effort for a paper menu monthly? This is because they have featured dishes reflecting the local Scottish produce at the time. Mix this up with the imported Italian olive oils, balsamic vinegars, lemons, herbs and it makes for a simply stunning dish (whatever you order).

Mine was the sea bass with cherry tomatoes, caper berries, olives. (see uploaded photo). Oh my word. The portion was impressive yet also modest enough that I didn't feel like a pie. Maybe it's because it was mediteranean cooking that all the health folk, doctors, dieters and all the beautiful mediteranean folk themselves advocate. Fresh meat (the fish, oh the first), fresh vegetables, in a delicious mix of olive oil. A lot of olive oil but so light it wasn't 'oily'.

The price for lunch, £15.95, is more than a lot of people might pay for a sandwich. Business lunches and special occasions perhaps? But you are getting every single pennies worth, and then some.

Centotre is hands down one of my favourite restaurants in Edinburgh, and I can't wait to see what May's menu will bring.
