BaVtTt9pBoI8rrN35tsj_g I've dined at Olive Garden for many years. Not this specific location, but many others. I find that one's experience at this chain is either very good or very bad. There is no in between it seems. Went with (5) of my co-worker's for lunch. We got there relatively early so as to avoid the lunch crowd for what we thought would be about an hour dining experience. WRONG! From the moment our waiter arrived at the table, I knew this wasn't going to be good. "Mike" was brash and unfriendly. He seemed genuinely annoyed to have to wait on us, and it seemed like during the entire dining experience, he had much better things to do. 

It took what seemed like forever to receive our drinks once he took the order. Then as soon as he took our order, he literally disappeared. We didn't see him anywhere in the restaurant. This being Arizona and hot, our drinks were quickly consumed. No Mike. wait....wait....wait some more. Finally, a server who was not ours, asked if we would like drink refils. After answering in the affirmative, waiters who were not ours, showed up with the salad bowls and breadsticks.  Mike soon showed up, and delivered a few of the extra items we had ordered, but did not have the extra dressing I requested. I politely asked again for extra dressing for my salad, he again seemed annoyed at my existence, and left. No sooner had I served myself a bowl of salad, the entree's showed up. uh....timing anyone? Salad is served and eaten first before entree's are delivered. Again, this part of the meal was served by someone other than Mike.  I had ordered the Lasagne Classico, and the serving was much smaller than I remembered, but I ate it anyway. (certainly not worth the $9.95 they soaked me for).  Halfway through the Lasagne, Mike showed up with my extra dressing. (gee...thanks). It was obvious at this time we required more drink refills but off he went again to disappear.  We again flagged down another server to refill drinks.  My dining companions who had endless soup waited nearly 20 minutes for someone to notice they might like more and that our salad bowls needed refilling.  (the salad bowls needed refilling long before) However, someone who appeared to be in management had more soup brought out and another bowl of salad and breadsticks. 

Mike finally started coming back around and being attentive to our needs just in time to leave us our checks. Though I felt he had earned ZERO, I still left him a fair tip.

What could have been a nice leisurely lunch was essentially ruined by our server's careless and unfriendly attitude, and the lack of good service. It seemed like everyone but our server waited on us.  And yet, we essentially we had to ask for everything before we got it. I don't feel this Olive Garden really cares about their customers or doing things the right way. Surely we are not the first customers to complain about this guy's unfriendly demeanor and constant disappearing act.  

If my co-worker's insist on returning to this particular OG in the future, we have already agreed that if they attempt to seat us in Mike's area, we are requesting a different server. Personally...I don't think I'll be back. This place just doesn't seem to care, and the smaller portions didn't wow me. There's so much better out there to choose from at lunch time, and OG should remember this.
