bBGTy0iw4vXxq28zpTjsnA A strong 4 1/2 stars....would be a solid 5 had it not been for a few small hic-cups.

We visited Saturday, Feb 9, 2013, strictly based on the reviews I've read on Yelp and we wanted to try something new.....we were not disappointed.

The restaurant itself is located in one of the many non descript plazas along Highway 7....but to help those who are not familiar with the area, and who should really try this restaurant... it is located on the southwest corner of Highway 7 and Whitmore (Whitmore is the intersection where Fortinos/Shoppers Drug Mart/Princess Bomboniere is). I would suggest you learn this intersection as you'll want to keep coming back once you taste the food that comes from their kitchen !

We made reservations as we heard that this Trattoria can get quite busy. Our table was waiting for us when we arrived and we were promptly seated. I was surprised at how small and quaint the restaurant is...it could probably hold no more than 30 people at a time.

On to the most important thing....the food. It is A-M-A-Z-I-N-G...perhaps some of the best Italian food I've ever had while dining out. For $16.95, you can order a full meal....a salad to start (Mista or Caesar), pasta, and a meat dish (veal, chicken or basa). For a nominal $3 you can upgrade your pasta to gnocchi and a better meat selection. On the night we visited, our waitress raved about the 4 "specials" available that evening. Unfortunately, all contained veal, which I do not eat, but 3 of our group ordered the specials while I ordered from the menu.

2 people ordered the veal stew over gnocchi. It was chunks of veal with vegetables poured over gnocchi. They ate every drop of it and used bread to sop up the sauce. Seriously, their plates were spotless when the waitress came to pick up their plates.

1 person ordered a veal layered dish with linguine. It was a layer of veal, eggplant, panchetta, and boccochino cheese with a side of linguine in a tomato sauce. He raved about  this dish and without a doubt, we will be going back soon just so he can have this dish again.

I ordered gnocchi with a vodka sauce with chicken Parmesan as a side. The portion size was huge...but I somehow managed to eat every last piece of it.....it was de-lish !

The few complaints we have are as follows:
1) The bread at the table should be changed to reflect the wonderful cooked food. It was non-descript, flavourless, dinner rolls and should be a sliced loaf of Italian bread or a fresh ciabatta.
2) the lights flickered every few minutes and it really was annoying
3) our empty salad plates sat in front of us for 20 minutes...from the minute they were placed down in front of us until our main course came out. The restaurant was not that busy that this should happen.

Other than these 3 small things....it is the food and friendly service that will bring us back. Our waitress was warm and entertaining and her recommendations on food selections were bang on. She obviosuly took great pride in the quality of the food that comes from the kitchen...rightly so.

Dinner for 4 (salads, main course) with a carafe of Pinot Grigio, taxes, came to $114. Great value for the quality of food.

I have no hesitation in recommending this restaurant and will definitely be back...sooner than later. One of my new fave restaurants.
