0FUtlsQrJI7LhqDPxLumEw I'm surprised to see the low ratings for this place. I think it's fantastic!!

There's still not a whole lot going on in this area. It's still cow-town, farming central for Gilbert, although a lot has popped up recently. When this restaurant rolled into town, I was thrilled. 

First, they try to get all their produce from their local farm 1st. If they can't supply everything for their restaurant from their farm, they buy from local farmers 2nd, and then (and only then) will they go out-of-state for their produce. Also, their meat is naturally raised from AZ. Local produce + local meat = are you kidding me?!?! They deserve 5 stars for that alone! They also have recycling bins for your cups and plates. If more restaurants would follow suit in these aspects, do you know how much waste can be saved, or how much this BOOSTS our local economy, or how much healthier we would be as a society? Supporting business that buy locally is not only FAR nutritionally superior because the transit time decreases, but people generally don't get a side of pesticides, herbicides, hormones, and antibiotics with their meal when you buy locally. So, A+++ for the fact that Joe's Farm Grill has gotten on board with this and really taken it above and beyond what most establishments in this price range are willing to do, or even want to do. 

I didn't know they had naturally raised meat until I caught it on the Food Network, and that made me even happier. I've always been amazed at their charbroiled hamburgers- they've been some of the best I've had. The fries are groovy too. I've had a salad as well as the grilled cheese. The salad was large and delicious but there was something lurking in it that was making it taste "strange." I think it was just my own personal preference though. The grilled cheese had Fontina in it, and as I found out the hard way, Fontina is gross. I should have known...I don't like weird cheeses on traditional American white trash food. They taste like dirty socks in my mouth. If I knew what Fontina tasted like I wouldn't have gotten it, that's my bad.

It's more expensive than your average fancier burger joint, but nothing too outrageous. 

It's fun to sit outside on a cool day under the gigantic trees, and look out to the farm and houses think to yourself that one day, not too long ago, all of it was farm land as far as the eye could see.
