BQqwIYQuo2W94smjrBjy5g Oh man! This place was brilliant! I loved everything from the experience to the food, it was worth every penny. 
I came here for lunch with my grandma around 12:30 and there were a few other tables seated, but not many people in general. Our server gave us a table and promptly got our drinks started. We ordered bruschetta instead of getting a bread basket and it was outstanding! Seriously. I could have eaten all the bruschettas as my lunch haha, but I digress. The bread was crispy and sturdy enough to hold up the small mountain of tomatoes and cheese and vinaigrette sauce of heaven. Very delicious, a must. For my meal I ordered the penna la donna or something like that (I know, sorry) with a side of clam chowder. The clam chowder came out literally boiling and bubbling so that was interesting but once it cooled down below scorching it was fantastic. My grandma said it was just good, in comparison to everything else, but I liked it. My food came out and my lord was it huge and delectable! The waitress grated some fresh parmesan over the noodles, which were coated in a rich buttery garlic sauce with bits of meat (rasher? balogna? delicious!) and peas. It was super tasty but definitely filling. I felt like the portion was enough for 2-3 people so I only made a small dent in the dish before getting it boxed to go. We then ordered two cannoli, which were by all means ridiculously sweet in all the right ways, but it was too late. My grandma and I were stuffed so we could only eat half of one cannoli and we got the rest of our stuff to go. I guess I should mention, my grandma got the meatball sandwich with a side of fries and she said she had never had meatballs better than the ones in her sandwich. To say the least, she was pleased, as was I! The chef came by towards the end of the meal to say hi and check in, and inform of us weekend brunch with champagne. While it was a little pricey, it was 110% worth it! The servers and all employees we talked with were super friendly, welcoming and efficient. The food was off the wall good and the place is decorated very elegantly and had a relaxed but upscale atmosphere. If you are still reading reviews, stop and go get a table and eat away! :)
