BSmqxPbQglQwP2R56OqOag I have been a faithful delighted patron of local bistro for many years. I have been remiss in not doing a yelp review to sing my praises. Mea culpa my favorite chef Andrés, German and the great team. I shall attempt to remedy that right now. 

I see quite a few reviews talk about the drunk bread. Forget it. Check yourself before you wreck yourself. It's not that it's not great- it's that there are WAY too many other things you must try. I insist. Let me explain: 

Tips: 
This is a place you can go alone and sit at the bar. It's a private experience if you want or can be communal and suddenly everyone is your friend and sometimes offers of food sharing come about lol well that's what happens to me. I have brought so many people here. all my girlfriends love going there and doing the " bar experience". It's fun!

The brunch menu is off the chain good and great price, especially if you think about the other breakfast place option in the same parking lot (good egg) there really isn't a price diffenrece. Their coffee/lattes are delicious, the bottomless mimosas when you buy food is like hitting the jackpot. I have been guilty of at least 3\4 times going for brunch and then suddenly  it's 3 pm and time to eat again.  woops. Hehe Sunday funday right?

Appetizers- just try the burrata. It is SOoooo good it makes me talk OUTLOUD. How embarrassing. And it just looks sexy. Their beef carpaccio is just as good as ocean club. Try it. Go ahead. 

Salads- if you are not ordering salads here you are just making a huge mistake. It's a whole other level of simplicity in the presentation and ingredients and so unbelievably good. Arugala salad? Yea yup get that.  Seafood salad-oh yea! 

Entrees- oh my. Where do I start??? Chicken Parmesan is big delicious and crispy, not to mention lunch for tomorrow. Their bolagnese is so incredibly consistently good. Their winner is the black linguine seafood pasta. Wow. Loaded up with tons of seafood pieces of garlic and yumness. Steak frites is off the hook always good and their fries are evil, addicting and yes delicious. 

  Desserts- oh so many. Fresh made there. Not ordered in. Chocolate lava never disappointments but what makes you close your eyes and (Uh moan?)  is the pannacotta or the cheesecake. Try it with any cocktail or a nice glass of wine from the incredible selection they have. 

This is not just my favorite all around place hands down, it's my favorite place to take a new person and turn them out while watching them enjoy the food and flavors as they exclaim-why didn't I know about this place!!!  

 Well, now you know. Enjoy
