bt0ZUJWmAJhjYmfPCzgRmQ Honestly, the food was pretty good. I would give them 4 stars for their Menudo.

Everything else was terrible though.

I saw this place on Yelp, and it sounded interesting so I bought the $20 for $30 deal and made a reservation in the Yelp app. We came in at 9 pm on a Saturday. There was a DJ playing Mexican music at a deafening volume. Seriously, I've been going to metal concerts for years and this was pretty comparable. The customers and bartender looked at us funny; maybe it was unusual to have Asian customers at such a late time or even customers that arent just there to drink.

After a minute of awkward staring, I finally went up to the bar and asked if we could sit down for dinner. They didnt acknowledge the reservation from the Yelp app.

The bartender acted as our waitress and brought us water. She seemed unprepared for serving dinner; I'm willing to bet the real wait staff went home for the day. She asked if we were ready to order right away, but we asked for more time. We decided what to order to make use of our $20 for $30 deal in a few minutes, but the bartender took 20 minutes to come back to our table and take our order. When she took our order, she had to look at our menus as if she didnt know any of the foods we were talking about.

When the food came, it came in bad timing; my food and the other person at my table's food came about 10 minutes apart, and their rice and beans came 5 minutes after their fajitas came to the table.

When we were finished eating, it took long time to get our check. The staff also had trouble using the $20 for $30 deal from my phone, and they said the electronics in the register werent working so they could only take cash even though i saw them handling another patron's credit card. Still, I was just sick of dealing with them at this point so i just gave them the cash. They took my $20 for $30 deal and $25 in cash then gave me $13 in change. I don't know why this was necessary to give them $25 instead of $20, and im pretty sure my bill should have been less than $40 total, so I think i got stiffed a little but i was really just trying to leave. I couldnt verify the price of my meal since they said they couldnt print me a receipt.

This ordeal of deafening music and bad service lasted over 1.5 hours. The food was pretty good though.
