Bx8cfQJpZvKNA4TWPFWDJQ 4 stars for previous visits which included 1:1 for lunch and dinner but they handled a large sorority function very well and I look back on that day + night with a lornful sigh because last night wasn't the best. 

Service = 0.5 stars. Yeah~ I know. 
We waited at the stand to pick up our call ahead to go order. The owner or manager guy came to ask had we been helped. At that point, we had been addressed. I don't know what took so long to pull together Red Snapper & the Saturday Prime Rib special but I figured it's 8p and every one is ready to go home. 

After reading the day's special at the hostess stand we then Decided to dine in so my Sorority sister could try the blackened Grouper. It was a production to "find us seating" although there were only 3 occupied tables. Being a former server; I figured - oh someone is about to get cut or it's all about rotating tables until the doors close. Well, whatever it was - service is atrocious. I do love the tv screens in the dining room allow you to see the ktichen cook & prep area. 

The service is a hit/miss situation. Things are brought out of sequence if they're brought at all. I have learned to pay attention to the service in the area (that I didn't notice much before) but people love to ask "if you want a refill" I'm perplexed by this as a server - you drink is half full ..guess what... I'm bringing over more. I had the joy of learning from one dining patron to never take his glass so that made me work to bring refills to the table and top off every glass. 

Food:
The scallops were cooked to the temp requested. But capers where everywhere. No mention of capers. I hate capers. Easy enough to pick off. Green beans and mashed potatoes were the sides - no other options. The potatoes came hardened over that folks thought I had a biscuit and wanted one. That aside, nothing to write home about. No flavor. The menu says priscuitto wrapped but Idk. 

Rosemary bread & multigrain are brought over with butter and raosted garlic in olive oil. 

The grouper wasn't ordered because Mahi Mahi special was chosen since it came with risotto. She wanted risotto with the grouper but I told her no changes as it may cause problems for all of us. 

The Wedge salad is deconstructed AND I LIKE THAT. 
Soup options were not alluring last night. 
The reduction sauce drizzled over the green beans was nice but the veg wasn't anything exciting. 

I hate saying hotel food is blah as I like the Wise & Cap Chophouse but when I travel - I do avoid hotel food for  a reason. 

I appreciate Tuscany being another Sorority sister's favorite place so maybe that's why I've been treated well in her grouping. This wasn't get me the manager bad but when a place is empty you can't help but notice when service is lacking. 

Our server was more excited about the Disney themed card that was being use (and it is cute) than the food she served us. 

I guess that's how they all feel: ambivalent
