By2DQwaG2EiOxsuHnS8FoA First Review Ever! Okay so I went to Vertical Restaurant & Bar last night for a birthday event. Our reservation was for 8 people and I showed up "fashionably" late as always. When i arrived, there was nobody at the front besides the hostess. I greeted her instead of the other way around. I proceeded to tell her about the reservation and she started to look for it in her system. She then just told me to walk around. Ok so this might be a little nit picking, but I've been a hostess before once upon a time, but "isn't that your job?"

Anyway so I took a walk around and found my possy in a private dining room that was also made out into a convertible business conference room. Really nice! About a minute after having a seat, the server comes over to take a drink order. I had one of my fav's, Hendrick's and 7 - $10. When the drink came about another few minutes later, I decided to go on a recommendation for dinner. He suggested the Pappardelle because I was hungry. The drink was standard, but good. Not too over poured and not too much 7. Because I came late, my awesome friends saved me an appetizer of each that they ordered. 

The list is as follows:
Caprese Bruschettone - $12
mozzerelle, tomato, basil
Review: Great blend of flavour all together topped over a load of the house bread. Simple and classic dish at its finest.

Scallops - $16
cauliflower puree, pioppini mushroom, peas, grape dressing
Review: DELICIOUS! I don't even like scallops but this was a whole new level of deliciousness. The texture of the meat was juicy and nothing like I've ever had.

Beef Carpaccio - $18
black truffles, parmesan foam, capers, grated egg yolk
Review: I like how dry the meet was because when I heard egg yolk I thought it was going to be more like a tartar. The parmesan foam was a nice added touch instead of just grated on top.

The appetizer plates were cleared off with a swift motion and mains arrived all together. 

Pappardelle - $24
slow braised wild boar ragu, 24 month aged parmigiano reggiano
Review: The presentation was rich and the meal itself looked hearty and appetizing. The taste however, was way too salty. I took a few bites and had to stop for a whole glass of water. Most of the flavour was in the meat sauce but that was the saltiest part. Love hate relationship right there. 

Dessert wasn't ordered because a birthday cake was brought. The server helped us divi up the cake and we got the cheque. Gratuity standard of course and it never hurts to go above and beyond if you liked the service. 

Afterwards, we headed out into the patio which was gorg and full of suits and the trendy finance crowd. 

Repeat? Definitely! And maybe grabbing a patio seat next time.
