cbddL2q8uRA38RwycB0FJg Alexander's is good, solid Italian food without any pretentiousness. Their menu is large, but not outrageously expansive like a lot of other local Italian restaurants in the area. There's a nice selection of Italian favorites, plus you have the ability to create your own past dish (choose your pasta, type of sauce, and add-ons).

I've been to Alexander's several times for lunch and always enjoyed it, so I decided to take my girlfriend there for dinner on a recent night. When we entered, we were warmly greeted by the staff and asked where we wanted to sit. We sat in the front of the house/bar area so I could keep an eye on the Pirates game. While there, I overheard an older lady complaining that her dish was less than stellar. The server and the manager agreed with her assessment and offered to make her anything else on the menu to make her happy. I've always been pleased by the pleasant, accommodating nature of the staff when I've visited Alexander's; it's truly a strong point of the restaurant.

I ordered the pork osso bucco with garlic risotto, while my girlfriend went with chicken parmigiano. We opened with bruschetta toast. It was a nice start. The tomatoes were fresh, and the taste of balsamic vinegar gave it a little pop of flavor. I then had their wedding soup, which is always enjoyable. It's full of meat and has just the right level of saltiness to it. My girlfriend was pleased with her garden salad; in particular, she enjoyed the flavor and texture added by walnuts and cranberries.

The pork osso bucco I received was huge. Unfortunately, the flavor was not as big as the size of the dish. The pork was tender and properly cooked... the garlic risotto, not so much. It was just kind of bland. Together, the dish was fairly tasty, but not something that I would order again. My girlfriend was pleased with her massive serving of chicken parmigiano and pasta. It was good, but the breading was a little soggy because it was doused in sauce.

Somewhere during the course of our dinner, the manager walked from table to table, and asked every group if they wanted a loaf of Italian bread. I suppose that they had a lot of extra bread and were giving it out since the night was winding down. I heartily accepted- their bread is delicious. Little things like this are why I love Alexander's.

If you're looking for some tasty Italian food served in a friendly, welcoming atmosphere, you can't go wrong with Alexander's. Just stick with the pasta, and you'll be happy.
