cgZOP1ZUBOZmEQMSJ53oiQ Chef Marc's Trattoria is the best Las Vegas neighborhood Italian restaurant meal that I ever had. My second favorite is Chef Marc's Parma back in 2014. Chef Marc, who's real name is Marcus Sgrizzi has created remarkable Italian food dishes in Las Vegas since 2000. Surprisingly it was his love for boxing that led the local celebrity chef to Las Vegas. Chef Marcus Sgrizzi's talent started way before he opened his first restaurant in Las Vegas. He Italian food masterpieces goes back to Singer Island in South Florida where he worked in his family's Italian restaurant. After my first experience in Parma, I thank boxing for leading the talented Chef to Bright Light City.

More than I want to thank boxing for the greatest Las Vegas Italian restaurant experience I've had in Las Vegas, I want to thank my dear friend for leading me to it. She has led me to exceptional restaurants that included Yummy Sushi and Parma. When she invited me to join both herself and mother for a dinner in Chef Marc's Trattoria, I was honored.

I am also honored to provide a brief introduction to Chef Marc's Trattoria before seguing into my personal experience. The first thing that I want to say is that Chef Marc's is a relatively new restaurant that opened on November 14, 2015 in the former Argana Moroccan Restaurant in the quaint Lakeside Village Plaza. Secondly I want to touch on what a Trattoria is. According to Wikipedia, a Trattoria is an Italian restaurant that is less formal than a ristauranti and more formal than an osteria. Wikipedia goes on to say that in recent times that the menus are short, the emphasis has shifted to the food, and the emphasis is on local cuisine. According to Chef Marc in a vegas.eater.com article by Bradley Martin, "This place has the most charm of any place I've owned yet. Like a visit to an old Tucson villa." Chef Marc was right on the money. I felt like I was spending a Friday evening in an Italian villa.

The first thing you notice before entering the restaurant is the dim lighting in the parking lot. Located in the Desert Shores community the parking lot features the same theme lamp posts that are throughout the community. This helps create a quaint environment. Under the dim lamp posts, I walked towards a mobile pizza oven. It mentions Novecento Neapolitan, which by the way is a solid pizza restaurant that I enjoyed a few years back off Eastern Avenue near the 215. Before headed to the outside menu, I checked out the mobile oven. In back of the mobile oven stood the 800 square foot outdoor patio.

In contrast to the abbreviated menus that trattorias customarily provide, this is a decent sized menu. Right off the bat I was ordering eggplant parmesan with fusillia pasta under a coating of fresh pasta marinara ($19).

After meeting up with my dear friend and her mother, the server led us to a comfortable table at the corner. It was the ideal spot to be in the moment appreciating the time with my company and remarkable Italian food. The noise level was low at the same time that we could hear and see the action at the bar. If my friend was not mistaken, we were sharing the room with Evander Hollyfield. We were also sharing the room with Chef Marc who personally walked up to our table to guarantee that we were having a nice experience in his restaurant.

Leading into the appetizers, our waitress presented us with a basket of fresh baked bread. My dear friend who is an authority on food presented me with samples of both her's and her mother's appetizers. The Burrata & heirloom with the pizza bread provided me with further confidence that she is an expert on Italian food. I would like to think that I am an authority on eggplant parmesan. It's only been one of my favorite foods since 1983. Whether or not I'm an expert on eggplant parmesan, my taste buds rated Chef Marc's creation highly. This leads into an important review pointer that Chef Marc's gives a substantial portion of food in proportion to a great number of celebrity chefs. And great foods. When it came to drinks, I opted out of the vast selection of wine, choosing a Coke instead. The Coke came in a can that the waitress poured into a glass with ice.

It pays to have dear friends that lead you to exceptional dining experiences like Chef Marc's Trattoria. I in turn want to lead you my dear Yelp friends and unique Yelp visitors to an exceptional Italian food experience in Chef Marc's Trattoria.
