coEKYaAOOOOjuDCqEe-3DA My husband and I had a GROUPON for BiCE so we trekked the 30 minutes from downtown phoenix into westgate.   the restaurant looks upscale but in Westgate its a weird area.... you never know what you are gonna see there.  Most of the restaurants are chains and all grouped together around a fountain. I have never been there on a concert day , only on a hockey day. We went to Bice on a friday night.  Its right next door to some trashy chain bar so when you walk in you are not sure if the patrons outside or for the restaurant or gross bar.   

  Our groupon said reservations were required, so we tried to make one online and it was a challenge, so we phoned it in.     When we got there, The restaurant was pretty empty. people outside were wearing shorts and tshirts, we were definitely over dressed (that happens to me alot in phoenix, but not in scottsdale).  We walked in and were seated behind a giant beam, which I was actually thrilled with, as my husband was forced to talk to me and not get involved in the baseball game that was playing at the bar.  For that,  I mentioned I should have tipped the hostess.  Sorry Girl!   But over all, our table had some crumbs, my seat had crumbs, and all the tables are glass and looked looked mildly dusty and crumby from bread or whatever.

Our server was on it, and was great.  he brought me two wines to sample and could tell by smell which one i chose, as my husband and i sampled both.  but we asked him to clean our table, he brought windex and sprayed everywhere while we hurried to move our glasses and bread plates out of the way.
We ordered a spinach salad with goat cheese and beets.   one of my favorites.  it was all right, the beets were a little flavorless, which is unusual.   My husband ordered lasagna with meat sauce, i ordered the marsala with mashed potatoes and green beans.   the beans were perfectly cooked, although not seasoned at all.  the mashed potatoes were light and served with a scooper so they looked perfect.   The texture was very light, usually an indication of idaho potatoes, I am more of a red potato fan.... personal preference.  They also were mildly seasoned except for the salt, what you could tell is that they were heavily salted.  The marsala was good, although I thought a little salty.  The mushrooms were perfect and the chicken medallions were tender.   so a B for my meal.   My husbands lasagna was good, although again, Salty.   I feel that a tomato sauce with beef could taste more like a tomato and less like salted beef in a sauce.  the noodle was light, butter and there was tons of noodle.  he mentioned he would have liked a little more stuffing as in cheese and veggie....  again a B.   
Over all service was great ... but the tables were kinda dirty, for the drive and price I probably wouldn't go again.  If we are out there for some reason, I could eat there again and give it another chance.  
Although in Westgate itself, for a weekend night, lots of teens walking around in skimpy outfits and grown men leering at them.  I am not a fan of westgate over all and this kind of crowd turns me off.
