Cr5CLpmVrmzFyz_RfQ6rmA At the recommendation of a friend, I've come here not once but twice in the past month. This place really deserves a 3.5 but I'm rounding it down to a 3 because of general food quality. 

If there's one thing that Scaddabush does well it's their mozzarella balls. Made fresh and in-house by order, these cheesy balls of goodness are a definite must during your first visit here. I've had the burrata mozza and the prosciutto mozza & both come with focaccia crostini bread. If you're more into a sweet and decadent taste, the burrata mozza is for you - it's infused with honey and truffle cream. If you're craving more salty and sweet (and unique), go for the prosciutto mozza. Served with prosciutto, fig jam, extra-virgin olive oil, & sea salt, this one was my favourite. With the burrata I found that if I had too much, I got tired of the flavour and density of all the ingredients. 

During my first visit here, we ordered the pesto pollo fettucine (social size was $34.15). It has a creamy pesto taste which we weren't used to and I'm not sure we liked that much. We'd probably give this dish a 2.5/3 out of 5. Along with the pasta, we ordered their smoked bacon & egg pizza (fun fact: their pizzas are more rectangle/oval-shaped than circular) which we all thought was really unique since you don't see this type of pizza often - it comes with a freshly cracked egg right in the middle of the pizza! We enjoyed its flavours and agreed that this was one of their better tasting items. For dessert, we ordered the apple ravioli - which turned out to be more like an empanada shell encasing caramel apple filling - the pastry shell made the dessert a bit dry but the scoop of vanilla ice cream and side of caramel sauce it came with helped with that. 

The next time I went, we had the avocado BLT and the prosciutto grilled vegetable sandwiches. For a mostly veggies dish, the latter packed a lot of flavour - consisting of grilled eggplant & zucchini, goat cheese, arugula, fried shallots, & olive tapenade (a puree that usually contains olives, capers, anchovies, & olive oil) on house-made focaccia - this is one of my favourite items at Scaddabush. I believe you can choose this sandwich without the prosciutto too for a vegetarian option. The avocado BLT was a pretty good sandwich but tasted simpler than the prosciutto veggie sandwich. 

Scaddabush is a good place for good Italian food. While I can't say that each and every food item is amazing, their mozzarella balls are delicious, their sandwiches are pretty packed with lots of flavour, and their pizzas (big enough to feed 2-3 hungry people) come in unique combinations. Couple the food with a great and cozy atmosphere that has an industrial feel to it plus a section of the kitchen where you can sit and watch mozza orders be made fresh, & you've got a great restaurant experience. 

One more tip - the seating area near the bar (especially the tables with the high seats) can get loud since that's where the store's speakers are located - but if you (kindly) ask them to turn it down, they'll do it for ya!
