CrIWqmuO2uQWwl3z11K_BA I love pizza and after trying hundreds of pizza... I think I have pretty high expectations. We walked by this place when out one night to get a glass of wine. 

Returning a week later with our son, we gave Antica a shot. 

I can't say that I am thrilled we went. 

They have a nice atmosphere going on here, a well thought and organized menu. The whole place has its own unique and fresh vibe! 

But... the pizza was a disappointment. Both of us got the Bianca (4 Cheese) and my husband added sausage to his. Both were fairly lacking in flavor and the ricotta was cold in the larger chunks. This is a sauceless pizza, but the menu doesn't say that. With sauce, fresh oregano and more heat... it would have been stunning!  The crust is well executed and had a great balance of chewy/crunch. Perhaps one of the better crusts I have ever had (after Naples, Italy... but that's hard to match). 

This place boasts a authentic Italian theme, but this fell short in service. There was no serving staff. Just a cook and the owner. Neither of which sported a very friendly face... We never got checked on until we asked... our water ran out and we never got silverwear until we asked... even then, it was grabbed off another table for us (a table with people at it! #awkward). I think the table in the back was family of friends... because they got all the attention while the rest of the guest were slightly ignored. 
It would be a smart move to hire a super friendly server who will spend equal attention to all the guests, while fully explaining the menu. Smiles are worth more money than you would think. 
My last thought... all the tables here are for 6 people... this would make for an award date night... a few 2 person table would be a great idea. 

Just like the Bianca... this place is just a bit to sauceless for me. Spice it up all over and you'll have a winner. But with all the competition is CU... this place is short a slice. 

(**also note: this place pays its staff a living wage, so there is no tipping.)
