CRVtzesMuwHK-phmS_ojaA Good place for pizza, perhaps one of the best in the area. Great slice/combo specials. A slice, 6 wings, and a drink is more than enough to fill me up. The pizza is good, the staff are friendly, and even the wings are good. 

I like to get the slice combos, but they don't really bake the toppings into the pizza, so they kind of fall off (unless the pizza was already cooked with the toppings). Otherwise, the crust, sauce, and cheese are all very good.

The wings are pretty amazing as well. I like honey hot is weird, its like hot but just honey on top, and its very watery, which makes the wings soggy. Weird. The mustard hot and hot are pretty good complements to a slice of pizza.

I did the party pizza challenge with a friend. Its a little tough, about 10 slices per person, but definitely doable. We weren't on drugs when we did it like some other people were, who somehow happened to finish it in 5-10 minutes. Ie, at the Tempe location, two sorority looking girls did it in 15 (they probably weighed no more than 200 lbs combined). Meanwhile, my friend and I, weighing in around 350 lbs did it in 35 minutes. Am I whining about a food contest? No, just don't try this expecting to get it done.

This place has been pretty consistent the few times I've been there. I appreciate that. I hate it when a place is awesome the first two or three times, then it drops off in quality and can be a coin flip every time you go. So far its been very consistent.

They stay well connected with their patrons on FB/twitter. I won a free slice through a contest. Free stuff is always cool. It shows that they appreciate us.

Ahh the raiting. This was close. I can't think of anything particularly special about this place. The pizza isn't special, the wings aren't special, and I haven't tried much else. However, I wouldn't hesitate to come here ever, and there are times when I get cravings for this place. There isn't much in Tempe that is close to this sorta stuff. My baby brother loves this place as well, and so does my GF. I'm sure they'll never say no if I wanted to come here, so I think that means this place deserves a 5.
