CUGswyxGdkcd4IE1oHc80A I have been to Bar Vespa many times but yesterday was a BIG DISAPPOINTMENT.  The waiters and waitresses were so disorganized. We sat at the bar waiting for our table. When our table became available we settled at the bar and went to our table on the patio. It was odd that they made us take our drinks, menu, and appetizer to the table. The server never offered. We settled in at the patio and waited for our waiter/waitress but noone came. Finally 20 minutes later I flagged one down and explained to them we have been waiting a long time,  and that i wasnt sure who was helping us and if we could please have our waitress to our table to order. The waitress that i was speaking with was nice enough to take our order. Then we overheard a conversation between her and our waitress ( so the person we ordered with was not our waitress)  figuring out who is responsible for which tables. We again waited for our food ( which seemed to take forever) and while waiting we ordered another drink.  We kept waiting until we had to ask again the status of our drink and food. Our waitress was serving us outside on the patio but also responsible for tables inside the reataurant on the opposite end to where we were sitting. You would think they would be more efficient as to who would be responsible for which tables.  Our food and drinks finally arrived. I orderd the pappardele but the pasta was over cooked and clumped together and the lamb was over cooked and chewy. The bus boy deliverd the food and noone asked me if i wanted fresh cheese or anything else for my pasta. Even if they dont offer fresh parmesan, our waitress should have came over to find out if we were hapoy with our meal but nope. All interaction was initiated by the customer and though the staff members looked over noone seemed intersted to help us.  I understand they were busy last night especially with the mac and cheese fest but they should have been prepared and it appeared they had ample staff but just disorganized.   I gave up on my terrible meal and asked for the bill. When i got the bill they messed it up. Though i settled at the bar for my first beer and wine it appeared on the bill which they changed.  The waitress was  nice annd polite but the whole experience was terrible. I will not be going back again for awhile and noone should ever order the pappardele. Yuck.
