CUGswyxGdkcd4IE1oHc80A What a pleasant surprise my visit to Bar Vespa was! I think that if I'm hyper critical about one thing, it's my Italian food. I like it old school, by candle light, made by old Italian women who pinch my cheeks and wipe the corners of my mouth and tell me to eat more because I'm too skinny.

Bar Vespa was none of these things - so naturally I was dubious. 

However, what it IS, is a romantic, modern Italian restaurant and wine bar, with exceptional food made by excellent chefs who put incredible spins on classic recipes (without straying too far so that they are unrecognizable). So all things considered I guess I could do without the cheek pinching and someone telling me I'm too skinny.

We arrived early and for a Friday I was glad we did because while it was empty when we arrived, it was packed by the time we left. We did arrive early enough for their Happy hour specials which included a discount on apps and wine. No complaints there!

My girlfriend and I ordered the Calamari to start, which was served with a side of their tomato marinara sauce. As far as calamari goes, it's tough to make this dish remarkable or memorable but I felt they delivered in on par with any other place I've had.

For our mains, my gf went with her staple vegetarian pasta option - butternut squash filled ravioli done with browned butter and sage ($16), and I broke away from my go to Spaghetti and meat balls to try something new and exciting - Pappardelle barolo made with braised short rib, chives, mushrooms and pecorino cheese, tossed in only the jus of the braised short ribs with butter and flour ($22).

My girlfriend, took a few bites of hers and exclaimed that this was likely the best version of her fave dish that she'd ever had (I tried and verified that it was indeed exceptional). My apprehension around my dish vanished the minute I took my first bite as the marriage of seasonings, beef and wide noodles was a flavour explosion in my mouth - I cleaned my dish down to the bowl with little hesitation (I even gave it a proper Italian salute by mopping every drop of sauce up with bread). So decadent, so amazing!

We paid our bills and headed on to our evening plans, only to return several hours later with a group of friends looking for drinks. I ended up being able to sample their cocktail menu and had a Manhattan and a Negroni. The Manhattan wasn't one of my favourites but was still passible, but the Negroni was exceptional - delicious!

BV has been in Liberty Village for quite some time already and with the onslaught of new spots opening up around it, I can see why it's managed to stand the test of time. A great date night spot for good food, good drinks and a great night! I shall return... HUNGRY.

Eatcrest Out!
