cVlW0omVTRaVJqnT-OBBsQ FA-LA-LA-LA-LAAAAAAAAA!!! 

No, it's not Christmas over here, but I feel like singing! I do that sometimes when no one is watching. And sometimes when they are! =P

FOOD
So what has got me breaking out in song?
PIOLA all-you-can-eat gnocchi for $14.99!
I usually have to travel FAR to get good pasta! That's right ... I'm talking Italy (duh!), Japan (yes!) and Taiwan (ya! so true!) ... But in North America, I have only found 2 places that have Italian food that has struck me as memorable! And PIOLA is 1 of 2!
At least for the GNOCCHI. I can't speak for ALL their dishes.

Now why am I singing off key? For starters, Gnocchi is my favourite type of pasta! And the gnocchi here is like eating marshmallow poppers! The dough is so smooth, supple and soft it almost melts in your mouth! And with the AYCE - the servers come by and dance around you all night repeatedly teasing you with 8 different types of gnocchi:

- pesto 
- 4 cheese 
- tuna 
- spicy tuna
- plain tomato sauce
- mozzorella & pork sauce 
- ham, grana padano cheese & heavy cream
- pancetta (bacon), onions and grated pecorino cheese

I may have misheard for the last 3 because I didn't actually try it - fell into a carb coma after the 5th scoop! 

my biggest tips: 
#1 Try them all! My faves were the pesto & four cheese
#2  Drop it when it's hot! That's right - it's tastes best when it's piping hot and freshly served - so don't make the mistake I did! Get more AFTER your plate is clear!
#3 - order OTHER dishes or apps because TOO much gnocchi is too much of a good thing! It got boring after the 5th scoop! Need a little variety to spice things up!

SERVICE
Service was incredible! We had a table of 20 and my plate was never empty! What also impressed us is that for a large party, we didn't even ask for separate bills - the waitress just did that for us! Smart cookie!

AMBIANCE
The interior is fun & colourful! You are surrounded by bright painted murals on the walls and cute pendent lighting float above you. As you get yourself seated, take note of the crazy sculptural clothes-moulded chairs! You have to see it to believe it! 

OVERVIEW
good prices - check!
good atmosphere - check!
good service - check!
good food - check!
and most importantly - good company! - check!

Last tip : Bookmark this & GO!
