cVlW0omVTRaVJqnT-OBBsQ Stopped in to Piola the other night to lend moral support to a friend who had never been on a date before[1]. I showed up early to the reservation and enjoyed a seat at the bar. Piola is an airy space with a casual atmosphere, and much bigger than I expected. It wasn't very busy on a Tuesday night, but there were a few people perched at the bar beside me.

They have precisely eight cocktails on the menu, priced from $8 to $12, and with an unexpected proclivitity toward Caipirinhas and Caipiroskas (which are Caipirinhas with vodka instead of Cachaça). There were some weird options too: the Torched Cherry Pop is Disarrono, Bacardi cherry and root beer. Might be good. I also noticed a modest wine selection also and two, count 'em two, beers on draught. Mill Street Tankhouse and Organic.

Pizza and pasta dominate the card. Because we're not stupid (I assume the sign out front reading "famosi per la pizza" means "we like-a to make the pizza") everyone at the table got a pie. The waitress assured us that "they're twelve inches, they'll fill you up" (really that's what SHE SAID) and even this was an understatement. Three pies would have sated our quartet sufficiently. My selection was the Carbonara which is what it sounds like: panchetta, mozzarella and egg. I was hoping that the egg would be the last thing added, cracked on to the hot pie mere moments before the pizza left the kitchen, but alas it was baked into the sauce. 

No biggie. The whole wheat crust was nice and thin, and the pizzas were well made. Now with so many great pizza options in the city, it's hard to place Piola's in even the top five. But it's a solid slice, respectably priced, and they do have a lot of other interesting options on the menu. I shall return.

Obligatory Title Pun: A CRUSTWORTHY addition to the pizza scene.

Menu Readability: Century gothic. Nice descriptions on the cocktails.

Need to mention: All you can eat gnocchi every month!

What this place teaches me about myself: If my name was Pete, I would instantly change my last name to Za.




_____
[1] A free service. Ask me anytime!
