CZY3743GpOOhdDJu6UmPBA Here's a recap of what we ate (I don't have the exact descriptions for all the dishes, sorry).

~ PORCHETTA STUFFED FOCACCIA: roast tuscan pork, mascarpone, apple mostarda, agliata
My friend really enjoyed this dish and the waitress told us it was one of the popular items on the menu. As for me, I found it way too salty. The salt level in the focaccia overpowered the pork and I couldn't taste any of those other elements. The focaccia was super crispy, which is always nice. But damn, the salt! I couldn't eat my half and only ate a quarter of it ("Gasp! For shame!", "I know I know...")

~ POLIPO (BABY OCTOPUS) SKEWERS: baby octopus, soppressata, crema di patate.
The octopus had a nice grilled taste to it. The soppressata (italian salami) was spicy and delicious. However, I didn't feel like the flavours were a good combination. They didn't complement one another and should just be two separate dishes.

~ EGGPLANT cannelloni stuffed with ricotta cheese in a tomato base sauce...? Sorry I forgot to note the description of this new dish down from the menu and it's not listed on their website. 
This dish took the longest for them to bring out... That, or they forgot to make it and remembered an hour later. We didn't like this dish one bit. The texture was too slimy yet stringy... And because it's soft cheese stuffed within a soft eggplant roll, it doesn't seem to make sense texture wise.  The whole dish was just MUSH. We weren't a fan of it. The waitress later came by and asked what we thought of it since it's NEW on the menu... Some feedback for the chef. We did tell her we didn't enjoy it. It's too bad.  Nothing was done about it though :o(

~ BREADING PUDDING DESSERT: I can't remember what was in it... But it definitely wasn't my favourite bread pudding out there. The flavours weren't traditional, but I also wouldn't order it again. It's not terrible or anything, I still ate my share. Unfortunately this was the only dessert they offered that night, excluding the pastries they had by the door. 

~ SERVICE: It started off really well. Our waitress recommended wines for us and seemed knowledgeable (more than me at least!). I should note that we arrived early on a Friday night at 5:30pm where the place was still pretty vacant.  Halfway through the dinner, we had to wait a long time for our eggplant dish and our waitress was difficult to track down. They also switched our waitress at some point too it seemed. The level of service was still friendly, but just slow. We left at 7:30pm in a rush to get to our theatre show; FYI - the restaurant was more packed but still had a few vacant tables. Who knew it would take 2 hours to eat at a tapas bar for a party of 2? That's how long the wait was for that eggplant... :o( 

~ OVERALL: This was my first time here, so I do I want to give them another chance as I've heard good things. The food didn't impress me all that much, but I might give it another shot. I much prefer Bar Centrale (sister restaurant of Terroni) if you're ever up at Summerhill. The tapas dishes there are really delicious and rarely miss the mark like Bar Buca did for me that night.
