CZY3743GpOOhdDJu6UmPBA Coffee 5 stars
Service 5 stars
Savoury dishes 5 stars
Bakery items 4 stars

I think I found my favourite coffee place in Toronto!  Unexpectedly i came here late at night thinking a typical bar and was pleasantly surprised with a great cup of coffee, upscale reinvented Italian bar food, and great vibrant atmosphere.

Off of Portland, Bar Buca can be seen by the dark emerald circle.  Once you walk in, the dimmed lighting, exposed concrete walls, and amazing wall of wine bottles just adds up to a great vibe.  The music was just the right amount.  We heard it can get very loud.  Seeing how the place was only half filled, it was not loud.  We can still hear the conversation.

The service was a warm friendly smile who was very helpful to tell us their favourites on the menu.  We ordered a porchetta focaccia sandwich (WOW, one of the best sandwich I've had in a long time.  Juicy tender pork, zesty & sweet mustard, and creamy marscapone made for one hell of a perfect bite) and zucca (lightly battered and super crispy zucchini coins with a tangy goat cheese and ricotta to compliment... well done, though it was a touch heavier once it cooled).  I was incredibly surprised by the quality and flavours.  Just well executed overall and very reasonably priced.  I would love to return for a full meal instead of just a late snack.

The coffee blew me away... I wasn't sure what I was expecting but the flavour, richness, and depth was surprising.  I loved how it wasn't overly sweet and could drink without any additional sugar.  We got the caffè con zabaglione latte (espresso with italian custard ... sooo soooo good) and caffè con zenzero latte (ginger syrup, cinnamon, and espresso).  They did have soy milk as an alternative.  Wow... just the flavours were very good.  And the prices were about the same as your corporate bland starbucks around the corner.  Definitely my favourite place for coffee now... I can't wait to try the ice blends or even their simple latte.

For a last sweet bite, we grabbed a few of the bakery items.  It was late (11 pm) and I knew these items were sitting out for the entire day and perhaps that's why didnt they fully shine compared to the rest of the menu.  We had the amaretti (sweetest of the bunch but perfect sweet almond note with a softer centre with the crisp meringue like shell), pizelle (think upscale ice cream cone but masquerading as a cookie sandwiching chestnut paste.  Great cookie that isnt overly sweet), and cannoli (this is where it kinda went not so good... the shell was mostly soggy but the marscapone interior was very good.  Creamy, indulgent, good balance with the candied orange to let it shine... I just wish we didnt get it so late).

Overall, this is a wonderful place to get very good food and phenomenal coffee in a great atmosphere without handing over many bills.  Definitely coming back and trying more.
