D1lAVtlav4atQTJnIvtcpw I was fairly disappointed with Taverna.

It was nearly empty when I came in for dinner and to watch the Raptors game, so we took a little time to ask our server a few questions about the menu. We were intrigued by the dall'acqua (seafood platter) which was described as "king crab legs, wild shrimp, albacore tuna crudo, moroccan octopus & bay of fundy scallop salad, house hot sauce". We asked about the portion size, and we were told that it was a very big portion, with 4-5 king crab legs and a bunch of everything else. He said that to feed 2, all we would need was the platter and a pasta. King crab legs are expensive, so at $45, we thought this was a steal.

We ended up ordering the dall'acqua (seafood platter) and chitarrine e vongole (squid ink pasta with clams). I noted that we placed our order around tipoff time (7:30pm).

The first quarter was nearly finished when our seafood platter arrived at 8pm. We were disappointed with the portion size. The platter was large alright, but it was at least 80% ice. On that ice lay 5 shrimp, a small bowl with 4 pieces of tuna crudo, a similarly small bowl of scallop/octopus salad, and one crab leg/claw. The portion size was not "large by any means".

The food was decent, however. The albacore tuna was really good - seasoned perfectly. The salad had a few tiny pieces of scallops/octopus mixed into a green apple salad. I enjoyed the scallop pieces but the octopus was quite tough. The shrimp was pretty meh - sizable but tasted pretty generic. The king crab leg/claw was very tasty, but there was just so little. We also weren't given a crab cracker.

So we finished our seafood platter and waited for our pasta. We didnt receive our pasta until after halftime (9pm). Prior to the pasta finally being brought to our table, different servers would come by us, see our empty table, and ask us if we'd like to order any more food. Each time, we told them we were still waiting for a pasta ordered a while ago. A 90 minute wait at a restaurant is unacceptable, especially without any reasonable explanation. Luckily, we were there to watch a game so we weren't in any rush, but I was very disappointed with this.

The pasta itself was good, though, I'm a fan of the food, just not the value for money or the service.
