D2nfOrnJ2OBlX_428sKyMg I saw the "Coming Soon" sign weeks ago and was rather excited since I am a carb-oholic by nature and anytime you say noodles my ears perk up and my salivary glands kick into gear.  Needless to say I have been waiting (anxiously) to try this place for a while and after reading all the reviews I was certainly looking forward.

Now that I have taken my last sip and chewed my last bite ... all I can say is MEH.  Let me start with the positives and then move on to the part that quickly turned what could have been a four or five star review into a "I'll give you two stars this time and I hope you impress me next time" review.

I walked in at 12:45pm and the place was packed, the line actually was out the door by about 4 people, which is considerable regarding it was late for lunch time (sorta).  Upon getting to the register there was no acknowledgement of it possibly being my first time, when I clearly had the deer in front of headlights look, but the gentleman who took my order was super nice and didn't rush me.  I ordered the Penne Rosa, with Parmessan Chicken, and a soft drink.  After taxes I think I paid $10.50 or so.  So service was fast, it was friendly, and it wasn't horribly expensive.  They do have a super fun touchscreen pop machine...but they were out of Coke Zero **heart break**

So why was it meh?  I was afraid the "fast food" aspect would dilute the flavor and that it did.  For the first time in my life I ate something that was both spicy and bland.  I didn't know if to reach for the glass of water or for the salt shaker.  I opted for the Diet Coke and called it even.  I did take it to-go so maybe that had something to do with it ... but for something to pack that much of a spicy punch (lips tingled but not quite beads of sweat) and still be like "where's the actual flavor" is rather unacceptable.

I do want to return.  And I want to actually do a sit-down meal instead of to-go.  Perhaps trying a different genre of dish or simply eating it fresh as opposed to after a cross-town trek will make for a better taste.  I do love pasta, so I'm not ready to write this place off.  Maybe next time it'll impress as much as I thought it would...heck, even if it just impresses period I'll take it.
