D2smJ2r0RrVoe0aGlT-2wA I'm already a fan of other Jamie's Italian restaurants elsewhere, I've been to 3 different restaurants now (Glasgow on more than a few occasions) and I have to say every single time the service and staff are brilliant. On this particular occasion it happened to be my birthday (woo!) and being a Jamie's Gold Card holder (it's SUPER easy to join & free) I know that usually on your birthday they like to surprise you with a little free birthday present, it might be a dish or a drink...the last few times it has been a bottle of their own really delicious Prosecco. Wow. That's some treat! It costs £27.25 for a bottle so them giving you that for nowt is really, really brilliant. 

I'd never been to this Jamie's so it was great to check it out and what a beautiful venue it is, in the former supper rooms at the Assembly Rooms on George Street. It's one stunning restaurant and dining here really does feel like a treat. As soon as we walked in we were welcomed warmly and they wished me a Happy Birthday (nice touch!) and showed us to our table. We were sat right near the kitchens & I had a brilliant view of the place. Our waiter then came over, took my Gold Card (to check if I had any freebies on it) & informed me of my free bottle of Prosecco and took any other drinks orders. I also had a Strawberry Rossini just coz it was my birthday :-) Very delicious it was too.

Having an intolerance to a lot of seafood/shellfish means half the menu isn't suitable for me sadly as it can be at times quite seafood heavy but I never struggle to find a good dish here. One thing I can eat is squid (Hurrah! says me, Boo! says the squid) so as we know it's really good here we both ordered the Crispy Squid ~ it never disappoints. So good. Although Pro-Tip: watch out for the big slices of chillies, you think they'd be mild but ooft. Nah. *gulps more Prosecco to put out the flames* 

For main I went for the Penne Carbonara ~ not a dish I would usually order but you know here it's going to be good. It was; buttery, tasty, big cubes of smoked pancetta with a delicious sauce & the pasta was cooked perfectly. I had a side of the Rocket & Parmesan Salad which was also really nice. My boyfriend had the Jamie's Italian Burger with Funky Chips & he devoured it with gusto. We both sat, fully sated, bellies groaning when our cheery waiter appeared announcing that seens as it was my birthday (Aww, you guys!) I was entitled to a (free) birthday Brownie! Wah! So lovely :-) They REALLY know how to keep their customers happy here. I was so stuffed but also SO delighted & touched by their offer I could hardly say no...when it came to my table they had even written in toffee sauce a big 'HAPPY BIRTHDAY!' on the plate, again you guys!! *embarrassed face* Even though I was full I managed to eat the whole gorgeous thing, uh. It was so good. Thankfully not as heavy as some other brownies. 

All in all I was totally blown away by the generosity of the staff here. I know it's a GC thang but even still, they went above & beyond to make my birthday meal with them really special. 
Great service, great staff, great food, great drink, great venue ~ what more do you need? Love it. Thank's Jamie!
