d5n5CsoJNu-tKEbfI6U3tA I don't even know where to start with this review but I will say the one star is too high of a rating considering my experience. My mom and I met up for a late lunch arriving at 3:30ish and were seated next to the busy chaotic kitchen. I had a bad feeling about sitting in this area but went with the flow as not to be a Debbie downer. 3 months ago my mom had left her glasses behind so she asked the woman who sat us if she knew if anybody had ever turned them in by any chance. The woman was very rude with her response and I tried to brush it off. Then our waitress came by and took our drink order and promptly brought us our water. As she was about to take our order another waitress walks up to her and tells her very rudely I'm here to take over your shift....and something else I can't remember now. So the new waitress takes our order without introducing herself and with the shittiest whatever attitude and just walks away while I was still talking to her. At this point I am ready to walk out but my mom is talking to the manager and trying to find out what the hell is wrong with the wait staff. The manager assures my mom he will have a chat with the girls with the bad attitude so we decide to stay. We are both trying to be positive and let things go but then my mom caught about 6 of the waitresses talking about us on her way back to our table from a ladies room break. They never even noticed she passed right by them and they continued on making faces and staring at us from the middle of the restaurant. I am now full on uncomfortable, irritated and losing my appetite and I don't lose it very easily let me tell you. So now my back is tensing up and hurting and I am having a lot of anxiety and another waitress walks up and ask me if I am ok. I tell her no and let her know about the ghetto gossiping bitches and she tries to tell me they weren't talking about us. My mom then tells her that she knows how to read lips having had two deaf extended family members and her response was oops oh. I guess she went and told a different manager something because then he came out to talk to us and he too agrees to chat with the wait staff.  Now you probably think it couldn't get any worse IT DOES! We had finally received our food and I was just about to take my first bite of food and one of the gossiping girls passed by with a big tray of dirty dishes and dishing out some dirty looks at us as well. Well needless to say the dummy dropped all the dishes. I had little shards of glass on the front of my shirt and I am sure some went in our food. One very nice waitress came and apologized and told us she was going to make all of our food fresh because glass had gone everywhere but that was the last straw. We got up and walked out and went to the Olive Garden at Metro (my review for them will be on their page). I can not believe through all of that the managers did not try to even make the situation better they just let us leave upset. I will be calling corporate on Monday because something needs to be done about the ghetto girls they have working there. My suggestion is steer clear of this Olive Garden if you are looking to have a nice experience.
