D6RDpCS1lfgZdPuLHlpsHA We walked in with a party of seven hoping it wouldn't be an issue (it was a Monday night after all) and it wasn't as there was only one other table in the restaurant. 
We were immediately seated by an older gentleman wearing a tshirt with lightening bolts, jeans shorts and sneakers. I believe he must of been the owner. His apparel was interesting being the servers were in all black long sleeves. 
Anyways ordered our drinks. Ordered peroni bottle but was brought a draught and was told they were out of the bottle. Maybe ask if it's ok? My sister had a peach Bellini and basically was champagne with peach schnapps ($8) which the menu states there's actual peach. 
Had the calamari as an appetizer and was good. 
We ordered our entrees. I had the sole special. Basically breaded sole on top of linguini with mussels and clams.
First the fish was topped with sautéed tomatoes which made the breading complete mush, and it was completely overlooked. The mussels were inedible by how over cooked they were you couldn't even bite through them. I tried the clams but once I got through all the sand I stayed away. 
My sister ordered the sausage and pepper risotto. The risotto was completely undercooked. It was crunchy. Asked if we could get another and was told that she may not like it because it's the same risotto. Which I replied "it's not that she doesn't like it, it's raw". As in cook the risotto longer. Also that the cook didn't want to mess it up again. That's like ordering a steak medium rare and it coming out well and asking if you could get one cooked the way you ordered it and being told no that it's all the same steak and they don't want to mess it up again, please order something else. But that wasn't going to be the resolution because they kept suggesting a to pick a new dish. 
She chose the osso bucco which came with risotto. They asked her to pick something to come with it besides risotto as it's the "same risotto". Once again if you have something all over your menu you should know how to cook it. 
By this time everyone was finished eating so we asked to just have it bagged up to take home. 
My mom ordered the grilled salmon which came with risotto. It was al dente, reallllly al dente but still at least edible. 
Not once did we see a manager or guy in the lightening shirt come by.
Received our bill and they took off the raw risotto dish but instead put on the more expense osso bucco dish (that wasn't the actual dish because the cooks couldn't figure out the risotto).
I work in the industry and understand Monday's are your skeleton crew. You should still know how to cook a dish if not then be a pizzeria. Also.. Menu says fresh handmade pasta? No way. I'd give it one star but the service was satisfactory, in fact kinda felt bad for the guy.
