D6RDpCS1lfgZdPuLHlpsHA Been driving by this place for years and thought we would finally give it a try. As we entered the restaurant we liked the somewhat quaint look and feel and being a Saturday night the fact that they were not too busy (hmmm... maybe there was a reason?). Anyhow there was no wait and we were seated rather quickly. This is where the fun stops.  Although the waiter did take our order in short and food was delivered as ordered it was only mediocre at best and portions were not typical of Italian restaurants here in the valley. I can usually only manage to consume half of the entrees at most places and in this case had no trouble downing my entire meal (including the side salad I ordered Ala carte). The wife and I ordered the vegetable lasagna special and friend ordered pizza. Friend said his pizza was "nothing to write home about" and wife a little disappointed about the portions (size). We are not the type to complain during our meal (that's what yelp is for) so we gave a positive nod throughout our visit and waited for the tab. This is where I have to complain. 1) Now although he brought the check in a reasonable amount of time it took forever for him to pick it up and then 2) when we got the check I noticed my wife was charged for two drinks (a coffee and a soda). It is my opinion that she should not have been charged for either one or the other as they were both consumed as part of the main entrée (not as a dessert which I was told by the waiter coffee is considered). Ridiculous. She switched to coffee after one soda (which everyone knows is a total ripoff to start with). I was also surprised to NOT see a manager out and about checking on tables/making sure customers were being taken of (unacceptable in my opinion). Anyhow to summarize I would have to say that in the restaurant business (as with any other retail oriented business) customer satisfaction is key and if you want return customers you have to give them a reason to want to come back. I cannot find a reason to return to Marcello's or recommend them to anyone else but will give them one star for... I guess I don't know what...
