D9OKZdwYtI8vfGdfLpqWJw This place is excellent. Excellent food, service, and overall experience. If i could take off stars for not being closer to my home, I would, but of course that's not fair. 

1) Decor and restaurant: the actual restaurant is HUGE. beautifully decorated and it feels very grand; modern, warm, and open. It's spacious, high ceilings that are grounded in huge dark wood beams. It feels like a luxury to dine here. This is definitely a place to celebrate mom's birthday (good for groups), or have a lunch with a girlfriend. The restaurant appears as if it can be separated into two areas, so they may do private events as well. They also have a rather large parking lot (you don't realize how nice it is to not have to look for parking when you go out to eat until there is a dedicated parking lot).
2) Food: the food was absolutely delicious. Real Italian food done well. We had the calamari which was tender and perfectly cooked. The caprese salad (always a winner, wonderfully seasoned and fresh) and the scallops (well balanced with a balsamic glaze, perfectly cooked dish). The gnocchi were like little puffs of heaven in my mouth in a tomato and basil sauce. My eating partner had a fresh pizza that she loved (Calabrese pizza). The waiter suggested a wine pairing which really elevated the meal to the next level for me. Prices were also really reasonable especially for the quality, freshness, portion, and excellent craftsmanship of the food.
3) service: the staff were friendly and SO nice! they were actually what you think a waiter should be: dressed professionally, clean cut, polite, attentive, and very hospitable. My water was always refilled! and he did it without interrupting myself and my friend or jumping in and joining the conversation. Not sure if it's the influence of being in Maple, but it was a quite a refreshing change from the hipster, pretentious, rude service that plagues some downtown Toronto restaurants. The chef, Robert, came out and greeted us as well to make sure everything was satisfactory. He was very friendly and warm, you can tell he takes great pride in offering top notch food and service. As a customer, that's something I really appreciated. 

Overall, i'm happy i found this place. It's a blissfully classy restaurant that offers a very good meal and amazing service. I would definitely return with my entire Asian family so we can chow down Italian family style!
