-8JaNeG3etLgOVyg2gOIiA I'd been searching reviews for traditional Italian restaurants in the Phoenix area, and was impressed by what I read about La Fontanella. I am very knowledgeable about food and restaurants, travel extensively, and routinely dine at high-end establishments. I have very high standards, and it is difficult for me to find restaurants that I consider to be anything more than "just ok." 

I must say, though, that my experience at La Fontanella is among the top five dining experiences of my life. When I visit an Italian restaurant for the first time, I order either spaghetti with meat sauce or lasagna to form an opinion of basic pasta and sauce. If I like the place and return, I will begin to try other menu items. For this first visit to La Fontanella, I ordered spaghetti with a bolognese sauce. I love bolognese, and not many places do it. Those that do seldom do it well. This was the best I've ever had! The pasta itself had outstanding flavor and was cooked exactly right. The sauce was heavenly. I could taste the meat, the tomato, the seasonings, but none of those overshadowed the others - the flavors were perfectly balanced. 

What absolutely amazed me was the price -- I paid about what I would pay for mass produced spaghetti at Olive Garden, Carabbas, Maggianos, or any chain spaghetti joint. At twice the price, I would come back and order this dish again and again.

I also had the house salad, with walnuts and gorgonzola. The crisp greens were dressed with their house made Caesar dressing. The dressing was the best I've ever had (and I'm very picky about salad dressings). The salad was dressed perfectly -- the greens were perfectly coated, but not floating.

I should have stopped at this point, but had to see if their desserts were of the same quality as my salad and entree. I enjoyed a wickedly wonderful chocolate hazelnut gelato ... again, the best I've ever had! 

The service was the old school service that can seldom be found anymore. Their staff were courteous, attentive, and helpful. They struck just the right balance between friendliness (describing menu items without sounding like bored robots) and over familiarity (you know - the teeny-bopper servers that assume you're there to forge a relationship with them?) 

All in all, this was one of the best dining experiences I've ever had.

The incredible prices make it an amazing value, as well. I have only one point of constructive criticism for them. I frequently dine alone, so I have to order wine by the glass. Although they have a respectable wine list, the selections available by the glass are quite limited and not of the quality I would have liked with my meal. My mouth was watering for a Chianti to go with my spaghetti, but none was available by the glass. I settled for a value-priced dolcetto. It was ok, but I would have paid for an expensive glass (or two) of wine, if available.

I plan to return -- over and over and over!
