dCUuzw3R2rPqKyN2Zl9zRw 4.5 stars for Fiamma. I'd heard good things from a trusted foodie, and read all my fellow Yelper's reviews. I went here for my bday dinner celebration with 13 people. We waited for our table in a lounge area near the bar with an glass encased fireplace and modern couches. Had a lime martini - first one was pretty good and light on the simple syrup. The second one, not so much. Way too sweet, but was easily fixed by the bartender.

Fiamma has the multiple server thing going on, almost to the point of confusion. Hmmm who should we ask for drinks, food...??? We were presented with the "bottled" or "still" water question, to which my sister stupidly said "still." For a table of 13, imagine the number of dollars, ca-ching! The table bread was odd for an Italian restaurant, it was closer to an Indian naan. It was good, but just odd. The menu had so many great sounding choices, it was hard to pick! 

What 3 of us decided on:

RAVIOLINI
Short Rib Ravioli, Barbera Wine
Imported Pecorino Romano 

SPAGHETTI
Fresh Cut Chitarra Spaghetti
Kobe Meatballs, San Marzano Pomodoro 

AGNOLOTTI
Piemonte Ravioli, Imported Bufala Ricotta
Spinach, Crushed Pomodori Pelati 

Yum, yum, and yum. We sampled each other's food. Spaghetti was definitely homemade. Raviolini was great. The Agnolotti was what I ordered and it was my favorite. Being a cheeseaholic, I loved of this dish. 

We got two birthday desserts but that was disappointing. I'd ordered the CIOCCOLATO: triple chocolate cake, godiva ganache, white chocolate gelato, berry gelatina, but it never made its way to the table. Instead they delivered the CROCHETTE: crispy amaretti doughnuts, chocolate ganache, dolce di latte, cinnamon glaze, which I definitely could have left. I wasn't even hungry come dessert time, but I thought it was on the house for the birthday and I figured I'd share it.  Alas, they charged for the desserts. Ridiculous even though I hadn't even wanted those little chocolate donut holes (which were not amazing at all). But after some coaxing, the server (rightfully) removed the charge. Next time, I shall get my Cicollato!!!
