dCUuzw3R2rPqKyN2Zl9zRw I went to Fiamma with two groups of ten and I had some excellent food paired with some of the worst service I've ever had at any restaurant.

I get that having a group of 10 can be difficult but it can be done.  My group had an awful experience which ruined the evening while the other group had an alright experience and at least was able to get out in time to see their show.  They were able to get out in a respectable two hours while it took us about three with several people having to rush out to catch their show.

When we got there, it took the waiter about 20 minutes to simply take our drink order and maybe another 20 minutes later we had to flag the waiter down from across the room to get him to take our food order.  The food took an incredibly long time to get there and when it got there the lucky few that had warm food had good food while everyone else had luke warm to cold food.

After the food came out came more waiting.  The four people that had to get to a show again flagged the waiter down and got him to offer them dessert.  The odd thing was we were all obviously finished with our dishes yet only they were offered desserts.  Shortly after their desserts came out with their checks and then our waiter disappeared again.

One of the people left got the tasting menu and she was due dessert and all the rest of us were waiting to be offered a dessert menu (the waiter of course took the menus after taking the others orders).  Again, we sat for a really long time until we finally saw the waiter again and flagged him down.

At this point we were just ready to go so we asked for our check and reminded him that one person still had a dessert coming.  He completely ignored her, didn't say sorry or even acknowledge the mistake, he just left again.  Luckily he ended up bringing the dessert with the checks but again, no sorry whatsoever.

One final time we sit and wait with our checks until he finally took them and we were finally able to leave three hours later, an entire hour after our other group.

One important note that if you go here with a group of 11 or more people, the restaurant requires a $500 deposit and then a $125 booking fee.  It's a horrible and stupid deal, don't do it, especially seeing that the restaurant just doesn't know how to handle groups.

Even cold the food at Fiamma was really good, it's the reason I'm giving two stars and not one, but we just had some of the worst service any of us has ever had at a fine dining restaurant.  I will never go there again and with all the incredible options in Las Vegas I don't think I could recommend anyone else ever go there either.
