dCUuzw3R2rPqKyN2Zl9zRw We had a fantastic dinner at Fiamma.  It was pretty crowded, but the service was great.  Our entrees took a little while to come out (about a half hour), but we weren't in a hurry, so it was not that big of a deal.  They give you a very short wine list with some wines by the glass and popular bottles.  But, they have a pretty good list available, you just have to ask for it.  To start, I had the lobster bisque, which was a special that evening.  I did not care for it.  The vegetables were too crisp and the broth was more like a weak tomato sauce rather than a nice sherry broth.  But, the server took it back no questions asked and it was not on the bill.  So, even though the soup didn't work for me it didn't ruin the meal.  The wife had the caprese salad which was large.  The tomatoes were juicy and the mozzarella had a burrata quality, it was very creamy.  Also, there was a lot of fresh basil, which we love.

For dinner, the wife had the risotto with scallops and shrimp.  This dish includes 3 large shrimp and 2 scallops.  The scallops were much better than the shrimp, they were seared well and were buttery in flavor.  It's not that the shrimp were bad, but there certainly wasn't anything special about them.  The risotto was in a cream sauce, and it was cooked perfectly.  It still had a bite to it, and you get quite a bit.  Even with me helping, she didn't come close to finishing her meal.

I had the pasta special, which was fusilli with mushrooms, prosciutto, and peas in a parmesan cream sauce.  It was topped with a lot of shaved white truffles, they basically covered the entire dish.  The sauce with rich and had a lot of cheese flavor, but it could have used some pepper.  The pasta was pillowy and the sauce filled every nook and cranny.  I loved this dish, it was the best pasta I'd had in a long time.

Our server was fantastic, as was the sommelier.  They were very attentive, and when we told our server we didn't want dessert, he still brought us out a little ice cream topped with espresso and whipped cream.  We mixed them up and they were like little milkshakes.  We had excellent pasta and a wonderful evening, we absolutely recommend Fiamma.
