ddlnpDxGDDxGGoG_dVXwiw Wow, Felice is amazing.

Before heading to the Motown concert, we stopped at Felice on Larchmere for a happy hour dinner. And boy, was it good.

It's a house. Randomly perched on Larchmere, we suddenly saw a sign that said "Felice" with these random artistical...things up in the yard. Off we parked and wandered in.

It's rather cute. There's a bar area in the back barn-ish area, with HEAT LAMPS (awesome) and a full bar. Then, you walk into the house, and bam, there's the restaurant. Very nicely put together, and very nice ambiance. Thumbs way up.

We were seated on the patio (which was lined with lights and there was a lovely heater right next to our feet). While we were seating, the owner came over and asked, "have I seen you guys before? Have you been here before?" And then started chatting about Felice's history (owner of Fat Cats also owns it), and how there were Felice's names in her family, and so on. Oh how cool. How many people actually do that? I turned to my foodie partner and stated, "there's a yelp star going up, just for that." The service was great the whole night as well- once we were done with the food, plates were swept up, our waitress was super knowledgeable...yesssss, that's a good restaurant.

We got a couple of drinks starting out. I got the spiced ginger- he got some cocktail. Both were perfect. Usually drinks are a tad strong and you're choking on the alcohol, but nope, the way they make it to Felice was just perfect- not weak, not too strong, but flavorful while providing you with that warm tummy feel.

Then, we chose off the happy hour menu. The dishes were actually surprisingly big (and believe me, we eat a LOT), for the insanely cheap price. We got the whipped avocado and chips (those chips! mmmm kind of an airy pita chip), fried calamari- wow, these were meaty and with the romesco sauce, it was SOOOOOOO tasty, the BBQ ribs were AMAZING. And man, I love my ribs- those ribs, the meat was so tender and just came off the rib....wow, I really liked those ribs. The pizza we ordered was also good- it had manchego and butternut squash...Mmmm. And the surprise of the night? The crispy chickpeas! That's good. With fleur de sal and some type of lemon zest, they were actually quite the tasty crunchy bits of goodness.

We were way too full for dessert- I want to go back and try it.

This will be a definite favorite of mine in Cleveland. You GOTTA check it out. Five stars, way high up.
