ddxASRFYINPwPe5F9MqYzQ Hi everyone! I've been going to the Vinyl Pie for about 3 years and it's something I look forward to every time, until tonight. I'm a soldier in the military and a pretty open guy. I talk to everyone and remember many things. So a couple months back I had a conversation with a hostess that is very young (16) about Instagram and social media. Tonight I was visiting the Pie with my friends who introduced me to the establishment. I saw the same hostess and remembered the past conversation we had, so I went out to my car and returned with my card for my YouTube and Instagram. I gave it to the other hostess to relay to her co worker and said to tell her to check out the Instagram and I hope she likes it. I continued my dinner with my friends and left. Well, once outside, I was confronted with the supposed owner who tried to interrogate me about my card. I explained it was for Instagram and about the previous conversation. He treated me like a creep and I said not to speak to me like I was one. Then he told me never to come back! My friends and I all stood confused about what had just happened and why he acted that way. Well, it was because he was trying to accuse me of something that wasn't true. 
(1) I'm a stand up guy, which means my mom raised me right and to question my morals is an insult. 
(2) I'm a great customer. I tip very well, never misbehaved or given any reason for anyone to ever think of me in a negative way.
(3) I'm an American Soldier who's served my country for 19.5 years, and have 7 overseas tours totaling 9.5 years in foreign lands. 
So does anyone else think what happened to me tonight was messed up??? I think it's BS. So I went on my Instagram and ranted. Now I'm doing this on yelp about what was my favorite restaurant in Charlotte. I'm still upset by this, and disgusted. Even if the place apologized I would never return after this. I'm insulted, embarrassed in front of my friends, disrespected, and truly feel like I've been given a guilty verdict for something I wouldn't even consider. If the owner reads this, I hope you realize that you are wrong, and you should reconsider your line of work, because you don't know people. Oh yeah, and by the way......I live in Baltimore and drive down every single time only to be treated like this.....Wooooooooow is all I'm saying. So much for southern hospitality. 

-George-
