DESv2ys6SjBKA4SyDtJvxw I've got a bone to pick.

I had always heard rave reviews about Ferraro's, but just never made it.  I guess it's that everyone says that Ferraro's Osso Buco is THE best.  For me, when I see Osso Buco on the menu, that is what I get.  I love the stuff and would eat it every day if I could.  But, I also don't want to be disappointed, as I've had waaay to many  bad instances.

Let's start with the wines.  After much discussion with our waiter, who either was very knowledgeable or was pushing stuff the restaurant hasn't been able to get rid of (I do give him the benefit of the doubt and think he was quite educated), he recommended the 2003 Palari Faro.  I hadn't even heard of the grape, let alone the region it comes from.  It was enlightening and tasted pretty good, too.  For a second bottle, I ordered the 2001 Pio Cesare Barbaresco.  This was a relative bargain on the wine list.  Over all, I have to rate our server pretty high for his expertise and ability to navigate the list.  Where I have to subtract is from the wine service itself.  While our glasses were never empty (definitely a good thing), our server continuously poured wine to top us off.  It felt rushed.  I would have liked to see the bottom of my glass at least once.

Anyway, I'll skip to the food...that IS why you're reading this, right?  We order three appetizers:  (1) Carpaccio Torcello, which is basically beef carpaccio - the color and texture exude freshness, like it definitely wasn't sitting pre-sliced in the cooler for days (like at some other places).  It was good; however, it just didn't have enough beef flavor for my taste.  (2)  Carpaccio di Tonno (tuna carpaccio) - this was really fresh and the accompanying salsa-looking mixture was refreshing.  The tuna itself had a nice crust that gave the tuna an earthy aroma and flavor.  (3) Burrato, Proscuitto, Rucola - this was like a salad with melted mozzarella and proscuitto.  Interesting mix of crunchy, creamy and chewy.  Good stuff and my favorite of the three.

For dinner we had the...Osso Buco.  All three of us.  The shank was nicely tender, which is where too many places fail miserably.  IMHO, it could have been a little more moist, but soaking the bites in the sauce definitely made up for that.  The sauce was really nicely done and very balanced: it was rich but not overwhelming, it wasn't salty but had good flavor and, most importantly, it did not counteract with the wines.  Impressively done.  The grains on the side (I can't remember what it was called) were crunchy on the outside and soft in the middle and was a nice complement in texture to the rest of the dish.  

Ah, but how can I end the review without mentioning the bone marrow?  I picked that bone dry.  It was buttery and fatty and just was astounding with the flavor of the sauce.  My companion never ate marrow before, but convinced him to give it a try.  While I don't think he's completely hooked, I did see him picking a lot of marrow out of that bone.
