DESv2ys6SjBKA4SyDtJvxw This is the best meal I've ever had. I don't say that lightly either because I typically am underwhelmed with that state of Italian food here in the states. We were not only greeted by the owner Gino, but son Mimmo came out with each course and talked us through each dish. Even his nephew came by for a visit. It was that same hospitality and attention to detail that left me in complete awe in what I just experience.
Gino came by as we sat and asked if he could do a prepared menu special for us with a different wine pairing for each dish. Without hesitation we both agreed and began our culinary journey through Italy. He left us by saying "you know this is the best Italian restaurant in the world right?"
Now, as you may already know, I'm not a foodie...and I'm the furthest thing from a Sommelier. I know enough about wine to know reds go with beef and whites go with pork and seafood. Gino knew everything. He has a cellar filled with the best and top wines from the old country. Nothing comes into his restaurant without his approval. He's visited all the vineyards so who am I to question this. He's also certified to do so and has the sophisticated palate to provide these choice selections with the dishes his son pairs to go with.
I would also like to add that all the seafood and meats in Mimmo's kitchen are 100% non-steroid/hormone, grass fed and Safe Harbor Certified Seafood guaranteed to be on you plate in less than 36 hours from being pulled from the ocean. It doesn't stop there because even the pasta, breads and dessert are all made in house, your choice, gluten free, and whole wheat. Impressive right? Incredible. The fact that I hadn't heard of this place until today left me feeling a little disappointed in myself.
I left here with a new appreciation for Italian food. I've been to Italy; I've dined at the high-end Italian strip restaurants and Ferraro's made them all look stupid. This place gave me one of the best meals of my life (and I've had way to many good meals to count). It is truly a family affair. In fact, Olive Garden should be sued because when you're at ferraro's, you really are family and they will never steer you wrong.
