DjvpsmdtEvnyMk2vXxpc-w We went here for our 6 month anniversary and I have to say it could be a 3 star maybe higher depending on where you sit and who you get as a server. We sat downstairs to be close to the water and some of the tables and chairs had pigeon poop or similar on them (very appetizing). I got the lamb and my wife got the salmon. Here are some of the reasons they get a 2 star: 

1) My wife and I don't drink soda, but the water was so nasty we had to order an apple juice and a diet soda just to have a drink. My wife's apple juice had floaty things in it and it made her really sick afterwords. 
2) One of the waitresses accidentally set chips and salsa on our table (we thought it was something they give all their customers) and then our waitress saw her do it and came and grabbed the chips off our table and handed it to the table next to ours who ordered it.   
3) A Lot of the customers seem like locals who go there all the time. We got treated as if we weren't customers and more like an inconvenience (not part of the "in" crowd). Our waitress visited our table only a few times very briefly and took forever in between trips. We waited over 15 minutes just to get the check. 
4) The water where we were sitting had a bunch of filth and was turning my stomach. We ended up moving tables and that wasn't much better. The table was dirty and my wife got her brand new shirt dirty...there was an exposed socket right next to us and a bunch of local kids running around our table. (hindsight we should have sat up stairs - might have made it a 3 star). 
5) The lamb had a bunch of fat on it. 
6) The food was inconsistent, my wife had fries with her meal and she said they were the best fries she ever had so we ordered another side. The 2nd batch were gross and not even close to the first batch. 

Although the ambiance wasn't there, here are the reasons they didn't get a 1 star: 
1) My wife's salmon was good
2) The lamb was good (minus the fat) 
3) french fries if you get a good batch are delicious! 
4) cool that is by water in AZ and that you can ride a boat to the restaurant
