DLJCwHGtbAV31UQ1lnIjlw We hadn't been back to Siena Trattoria for more than a year because last time we were there we weren't really impressed. Today was our 5 year anniversary and we decided to give it another shot. 

First thing I noticed upon entering was that they had undergone a nice remodel! Everything looked fresh and clean with modern cool colors. We chose to sit in the bar area as Happy Hour was going on and we wanted to take advantage of the special pricing. However, it was eerily quiet, as there was no ambient music playing and it was very easy to hear everyone's conversations as the tables are very close together. 

We found a table easily and were greeted quickly by Todd, who was very knowledgeable about the menu and happy hour offerings. We ordered some wine (a pinot noir and nero d'avola which were both delicious and about $6 each on the happy hour) and some appetizers right away. We were quickly and efficiently served water, a bread basket (which comes with a very nice olive tapenade for dipping) and our wine. Our food arrived quickly as well. My boyfriend ordered the beef carpaccio and cannelloni. I had the eggplant parmesan. I am a vegetarian and the happy hour menu was slightly lacking in vegetarian options so I also ordered  a pesto penne primavera from the regular menu. Everything was delicious but the eggplant was simply OUTSTANDING. The best I've ever had. it was thinly sliced and lightly battered and topped with mozzarella and just the right amount of marinara. Being a vegetarian, I've had a lot of eggplant but this was simply the best. The BF really enjoyed his dishes as well and my pasta was quite good also. I think they may have overhauled the menu as well during the remodel as it was way better than I remember from last year. 

The service was excellent, we were offered more wine, our waters refilled and dishes cleared in a timely manner. Everyone was friendly and knowledgable. Our food and wine were incredibly tasty. I docked one star for lack of ambience (no music at all! Not even for background) and I think they are kind of over priced in general but the happy hour pricing makes up for that. I wish we would have had room for dessert, they looked amazing! But we were so full we just settled for espresso which was delightful! 

We will definitely be back! During happy hour of course :)
