dLRJhdnelmOXRa3WeeTbnQ Rizzis has been a family favorite of ours for years for both their ice cream and pizza.  However tonight the treatment received but what I can only assume is there manager was pathetic.  Anyone who has ever been to Rizzis knows that the  the service at the custard window is hit or miss.  It can be very quick or VERY slow.  However the young women who work the window are always very polite and we have come to just except the slow service.  This evening after my daughters band concert there was a line inside and outside.  It was a bit chilly so we decided to go inside for our ice cream and jojos, which we have done several times before.  After standing at the counter for about 15mins with zero service....not even a "We will be with you in a minute" A man came out of the kitchen with a bag of peanut to give to the young ladies at the custard window.  These young ladies were working very hard and were quite busy.  The man however was doing a lot of wondering around and was quite agitated for what ever reason.  One of the young ladies asked my 9yr old what he wanted and he responded that he wanted a small twist. As the young lady was taking his order the agitated little man walked past her and pointed to the sign on the freezer and said if we were ordering ice cream we had to go outside to do it.  The "MAN" then walked away leaving this young lady to deal with our family who now has waited in the restaurant for 15min for service and has been told to tell us to go outside and wait in the lengthily line that has formed in the 15 min we have been waiting.  To that "man" I say you are a tiny little man and obviously a coward.   I tried to speak to you to ask you a question and you turned and walked away.  If you hate your job take what I can only assume are you plentiful knowledge of pizza and find a new one.  There is no need to be rude to me or my children.  There is no reason to try and enforce a rule by telling the busy young lady to do it and they run away like a little boy.  I was a paying customer and you were a disrespectful angry little man.  You have lost us as customers.  We will take our business to Welches or to Stricklands.
