DN0b4Un8--Uf6SEWLeh0UA Update.....just fell back in love with Paul Simon's So Crazy After All These Years.  What a good song.  Here is my review that this update is for.  I ate there for their reopening.:

There were three of us that ate there tonight and we did our version of a a tasting menu aka sharing our food. I had the portabella sandwich, my new friends order the pesto gnocchi with the house salad with the lemon dill dressing and the 18" Margarita pizza. First my sandwich was was bland. The red peppers weren't roasted enough and the bottom bun was very soggy. I'll let that pass since I cut it into four portions for sharing. Winner was the Pita Jungle portabella sandwich which is what I had earlier in the evening. 

The gnocchi were swimming in the sauce. You could taste the pesto but it left a salty after taste the gnocchi texture was dead on however. The pizza was the worst thing. Toasty crust on one side and much lighter on the other. It was bland too and not to mention soggy in the middle.  We each had a slice and the rest went home with Apyrl.

Here's the time table...seated at 8:32, signed the waivers as they were filming for their purposes, order taken at 8:42. Culinary Connie's salad arrived at 9:25 and the rest of the meal, one at a time at 9:40, 41 and we were asked if there was anything else and we told the food runner we were waiting on a pizza which was immediately brought out to us. Water was constantly refilled but it was warm (probably tap) from a plastic tupperware like container. The ice in my glass was melted and never re-added to my glass or the pitcher of water keep the water cool.

I asked our server is she gets the tips and she said that everyone was asking that. I paid with my card and gave her cash. We asked for separate checks when we placed the order and was told it wouldn't be a problem. As on KN, Samy entered all the tickets and we received one bill at the end of the night. Samy seemed a bit flustered as our server tried to explain to him who had what. He came over and said to me what did you have? Mushroom. Okay around $17. Around? He did have it correct when the receipt came out. Apyrl was paying cash wanted a receipt so she could put it on her expense report as she was in town on business/seeing family. He ended up giving her the receipt for all three of us. She left $5 on the table and he made a point to tell the server that it was hers.

The service was very good. Very attentive and always smiling.
