DN0b4Un8--Uf6SEWLeh0UA Visited this place on Friday night at 10:05 p.m. We were pleased to see ABC Bistro stayed open until11:00 p.m. and decided to go for it. We enter and Samy says to sit in the patio. We asked to stay inside and he said no, on the patio, because we have to clean up for tomorrow.  That should have been a sign, but we stayed. He offered to turn the misters on but never did.

THE GOOD:
For $12, the Salmon burger and honey citrus salad were really excellent. The bun was surprisingly good, and the dressing on the salad was among the very best I've ever tried. The burger was more of a fried salmon croquette, which was unexpected because I don't like fried food too much and did not think I was ordering a fried dish, but it also was good.
The restroom was impeccable, and the restaurant inside was tastefully decorated and scrupulously clean. Unfortunately, we were not allowed to sit inside...

THE BAD: 
Soft drinks are $3.50 and refills were not forthcoming. Yes, I know it's about a dollar more per drink than is customary in similar establishments, but for some reason it bugged me, maybe because it was hot on the patio.
For $12, you get 10 gnocchi swimming in a half a quart of marinara with a generous amount of oil slicking the top of it. If you wish to add more parmesan than the minuscule amount that comes with it, be prepared to pay extra. When is the last time you paid extra for parmesan cheese in a restaurant? The vast amount of sauce and small portion of gnocchi was really puzzling. The marinara itself was a bit acidic and somewhat bitter. Other reviewers also mentioned that the sauce is generous and the portions less so, and that was our experience as well. After having finished all the gnocchi, about 10 ounces of sauce were left on the soup plate. Interestingly, no bread was offered, which is surprising for a bread company.
Around 10:15 the ugly bright lights come on inside and light up the patio, killing the mood. The waitresses start pulling up all the tablecloths outside, leaving us surrounded by naked plastic tables.
The waitresses and Samy were busy cleaning and we were the only table left in the restaurant. After waiting for some time alone on the patio, we knocked on the glass to get their attention.

We asked for our check, paid and left. We would have offered constructive criticism, but thought we'd cut our losses and leave. I would not return, mainly because of the attitude, the fact that parmesan and bread costs extra, and the wrecking of the mood with the cleanup and bright lights. I can overlook a dish I didn't enjoy, but not this attitude where the last two customers are an inconvenience.
