DN0b4Un8--Uf6SEWLeh0UA Okay so I'll be honest, I saw the Kitchen Nightmares episode and I only went because a train wreck that close to home was too tempting to pass up. The inside of the restaurant is nice although there is a line of mirrors and sconces on the back wall that are hung crooked and that was a little distracting for my OCD. The volume on the music is up too loud to have any sort of conversation without yelling across the table and around 8pm they dim the lights so low I had a hard time seeing anything at all. 

The servers are friendly, they say they are now receiving their tips although there is no telling how true that is so I suggest giving them cash separate from however you decide to pay your bill.

As soon as we walked in we were asked whether we wanted dinner or dessert, if you aren't sure you'd better get sure quickly because they don't give you time to make a decision. We opted for dinner (won't make that mistake again). The list of appetizers is a joke, your options are a bowl of salted olives, eight different kinds of hummus - you have to order the bread separately - or artichoke/jalapeno dip (the dip comes with what they call pita bread but is really pizza dough). We ordered our entrees and appetizer at the same time, the artichoke/jalapeno dip since it was the only one that comes with bread and for the entrees, the ham and brie panini and the lemon chicken panini. 45 minutes later we got our appetizer, none of the flavors go together (unless maybe you're stoned out of your mind and all you had to eat was pizza crust, artichoke hearts, olive oil and jalapeno paste then I guess it could be considered a creative take on gnosh-worthy food), wasn't the worst thing I've ever eaten but I wouldn't want to eat it again ever. Another 45 minutes later our sandwiches made their way out.... it takes a special lack of talent to mess up a sandwich. The lemon chicken was more than "EEW" worthy. The ham & brie was about as bland as cardboard but a lot more greasy.   I cannot say enough about how gross the bread was, supposedly they make it there but truly I don't care where they make it, it still tastes awful.  

Overall, service is slow but at least the servers are friendly. The food is over priced, not good and I don't think anything in that restaurant is any more homemade than anything  I could find at Subway. It was good for a novelty night out but I will never go back.
