DN0b4Un8--Uf6SEWLeh0UA Eat the Candy Bar Pie/Tart!  It is fantastic.  I have been here about 4-5 times, twice before the TV fiasco and a few times after.  I primarily came here for dessert before or after movies at the Harkins theater and I have to say their desserts are fabulous, and in particular the Candy Bar Pie.  

As for the food, I had it for the first time last night.  The hummus with the flat bread was HUGE and you could tell the hummus was made fresh.  The flatbread was perfectly soft-bubbly- and crispy all at the same time, not sure how else to describe it...see the pics.  I had a salad with sweet tomatoes to go with it and the honey dressing.  If I had not eaten so much flatbread I would have cleaned my salad plate.   The lasagna Nydia had looked and smelled delicious, but I will let Nydia tell you about that in her review.  

Nydia and I traditionally always start with dessert that way we don't have to worry about saving room for it.  This time we opted for the Peanut Butter-Chocolate cake.  It was rich and tasty!  We did not leave a crumb on the plate.  I still prefer the Candy Bar Pie because it is AMAZING, but I don't think you can really go wrong with any of the desserts!  

I should also say I have met the owners every time I have been in to ABC and never had a problem.  Actually, Sammy has always been extremely nice and remembers me even though I have only been in a few times.  But I also have never had any problems with any thing.  I am sure if you put the right person in the restaurant with Samy, it would be like two bowling balls in a china cabinet.  But Nydia and I talked about that and heaven for bid you bring out the Chihuahuas in these 'mezzican' gals even though we are very charming... LOL!  

The reason it gets 4 stars is the ambiance, I have only been in one time when it has been busy.  The prices are maybe a bit high, but not horrible.  I thought alcohol prices were steep.  Some people in their reviews are saying these are fine dining prices and they aren't.  You can get a salad for $5 and Chicken Parm for $18.  Our hummus plate was HUGE (pics) and it was $10.  

I don't think you should let their publicity deter you from ABC; I think they really are trying to have a great restaurant and they take pride in their food.

For the skeptics of my review:
 ***I don't personally know the owners and have honestly been in less than a handful of times.  I'm sorry I don't have something to whine about other than the lack of people.  You should be more skeptical of 'reality tv'***
