0hFVE-lqnEytSsWZGevJDg I went to Marinelli's with a small group of people at 5:00 on a Friday evening and from the minute we sat down I could tell that we were going to have problems with the waiter. We informed him that we would like separate checks and he curtly informed us that they did not do separate checks. I could understand if they had been very busy but they were pretty empty. I asked to speak to the manager and she told me that it would not be a problem and that it was done all the time. Then he took forever to bring our drinks and to return to get our dinner orde. When the food came out the portions were small and nothing to write home about. I ordered "prawns" which consisted of 4 shrimp albeit they were large , but certainly not worth the money. The waiter barely checked on us and our water gasses went un refilled for most of the evening. When it was check time the waiter dis courteously informed us that it would take awhile to get done. I could have understood if it was a very large party, but there were just six of us there. We paid and hurried out of there.
Against my better judgement we went there with another group of friends on another night about a year later thinking maybe it was just that server. The drinks took forever to be delivered and the food was not delivered much better. Some people were almost finished eating before others had even been served. I was one of the forgotten. I called the manager over and she hurried off and assured me that mine was a priority and would be brought out pronto. I had ordered Maine Lobster and it came out very under cooked and needless to say I could not eat it. We were running late to go dancing so we asked for the checks. Oh boy what another fiasco. The waiter brought out some checks while totally forgetting about the others. A very mild mannered friend was so upset I could hear him speaking to the manager all the way across the room and he was not pleased to say the least. I will never return to Marinelli's in the M Resort. I love the M the lounges and other restaurants and cafes but Marinelli's was a disaster twice!
