DRJzfAuSzgoBJeSuwfdPow I honestly don't think this place even deserves one star. To begin, we arrived on a Saturday early evening. The place wasn't that busy but the tables were dirty and when we asked for them to be washed the waiter just brushed the crumbs off into the booth which we then wiped out of the way ourselves. We asked if the margarita mix was fresh or mixed and the waiter lied and told us fresh, but when they arrived at the table it was obvious it was premixed crap. We also asked for a Gran Marnier floater ( I will get back to this). When the waiter took our order he leaned on the table with his elbows and upper body and he smelled like old booze and cigarettes. GROSS! I ordered the manicotti which came with a pathetic side salad of brown bagged iceberg lettuce and a near frozen tomato slice, all of which smelled profusely of chlorine. I didn't eat it. When I unrolled my dinnerware to eat it was dirty and the manicotti was soggy, bland and cold in the middle. My friend ordered clams which the waiter also lied and said were fresh, but they were rubbery and tasted canned. They were drenched in butter and olive oil making them unpalatable. We each picked at our plates and decided to have another drink and just leave. We each ordered another margarita and our bill. I nearly had a heart attack when I noticed on the bill that we were charged $18.00 FOR EACH margarita. That's $80 for 4 drinks. When we asked about why in the world they were so much we were told that the Gran Marnier was an additional $9.00 per drink and that there was nothing he could do about it and that there wasn't a manager available to talk to us. This happened two weeks ago and I am still furious. I have had margaritas in Los Angeles and New York with a Gran Marnier floater and was NEVER charged $18.00 for one short glass margarita. I would not recommend this place to anyone at any time. Horrible, classless service, nasty food I wouldn't feed to an animal and a complete rip off on the alcohol.
