dSnQTUJC0tCHadU1AGzvrw Isabella's Kitchen gets 5 stars for atmosphere . . . Just love this place based on our first lunch there. The building sits right on the Grayhawk golf course with expansive views of the mountains, and at night, they say you can see the lights of the city. There are plenty of places to hang your hat even if you're not dining at one of the indoor tables -- there are large outdoor couches, rocking chairs, fire pit like seating, outdoor tables, and lights strung from the building. Isabella's is surely going to be a very popular hangout as well as dining spot throughout the year. 

Our server Christopher was so attentive . . . and he was very sincere about making sure that everything was to our liking. He was very knowledgeable for the place having just opened only a few days ago, and when he didn't have the answers to questions like "is your patio dog friendly?" he went to ask his manager. By the way, it is unfortunately not dog friendly, but I get it, since it abuts the golf course. 

They had many available options on their limited opening menu, more than than some restaurants have on their regular menu . . . but, the regular menu starts tomorrow (October 15th) so no worries. Honestly, having seen the full menu, I probably would have picked the options we had anyway. The mac and cheese is dreamy. The noodles are almost the consistency of gnocchi and very tasty with the accompanying small cubed ham, creamy cheese and crispy bread crumbs. This was one of the best mac and cheese dishes I have had in a long time . . . It was the perfect size to share. If not for the calories, I could have had this as my main course and been full, fat and happy.  Hubby had the meatball sandwich which was a nice size for lunch. I had the eggplant Parmesan sandwich which came on foccacia bread. The layered eggplant was tasty but it could have been a tad bit warmer and had a little more sauce and cheese. Both sandwiches came with a choice of house salad or potatoes, and we both opted for the potatoes. They were just amazingly delicious . . . like a deep fried potato chip . . . very crispy on the outside with the real potato texture inside. Delicious!

We will definitely be back to check out some of the other items that we saw other diners enjoying, like the bruschetta, pizza, and pasta. This is a fun place with a big personality. Mangia! Mangia! Buon Appetito!
