duw-3Aj7gAKbQG-isS5UtQ Starting at the parking lot you have extremely polite valet attendants and people opening the doors and welcoming you. Walk to your left and enter the Verandah. Do yourself a favor and ask for the outdoor seating. You can hear birds chirping, soft relaxing music, a peaceful waterfall, heat lamps, covered patio so no sun in your eyes. I instantly transported myself to the 4 Seasons in Maui which I fell in love with. Towards the end of our breakfast the pool was filling up. I think the earlier you get to the restaurant the better so you're not experiencing the pool crowd. Even then there were no screaming kids, still relaxing.

On to the food, its hard for me to decline a customized omelette bar. The ingredients were good but I think a homemade salsa would be much more appropriate for the high price tag we were paying. This was Pace picante salsa straight from the jar. Also a few more gourmet items such as sun dried tomatoes or goat cheese would have been nice. The highlight for me were the mushrooms and spinach which were cooked perfectly.  On to the hot items. Eggs Benedict was delicious, frittata, quiche, corned beef hash, scrambled eggs with salmon, scone with lemon curd, mascarpone cheese blintz with roasted apple glaze, vanilla bread pudding (couldn't try this because it was in a such a big bowl, wish they had a mini size), applewood smoked bacon, peppered bacon, guava pancakes, and more. 

There were a bunch of pastries I did not touch. My husband got a pastry and it was rock hard. I'm thinking people don't waste their time on those pastries and it was old. 

On to the next section- bagels, breads, smoke salmon, capers, tomatoes,  onions and do not miss the honey roasted peanut butter made fresh!!! I asked and there are no other ingredients. It's outstanding! I enjoyed the mini banana parfait with candied walnuts and homemade granola. 

The juices included was fresh squeezed orange juice and fresh mixed berry juice (including watermelon, cantaloupe, and berries blended together). It was really yummy! They also offer coffee. The service was too notch. I never once had to ask for anything but it wasn't pushy and annoying. Drinks were filled and they walked away, I appreciated them not interrupting conversations. They were quick to take plates and asked if we needed anything but like I said it wasn't too much. 

Don't be like me and stuff yourself and not leave room for the fresh donuts!! Don't miss out on the donuts. Now take a bite of bacon then a bite of a mini glazed donut and now yours in heaven!!!

For $7 more you can have a Bloody Mary from the bar. You make it yourself with lots of complimenting toppings and additions!! They also have an option of unlimited Bloody Marys! 

I think I would have enjoyed this experience just as much with ordering off the menu. It's pretty expensive for breakfast but a nice treat that has some good quality items.
