duw-3Aj7gAKbQG-isS5UtQ Review is for 2012 Restaurant Week.

Verandah is located in the Four Seasons Hotel and I remember my first visit here to the hotel, I was confused as heck on where to park, either you valet or do what I did and park in the large lot south of the entrance and walk on the roadway in.  

Verandah was dimly lit and had a nice cozy atmosphere.  There were numerous tables, private rooms, and booths.  But we were sat against the window wall where you couldn't really see the outside because it was getting dark.  But you can see the private pool surrounded by green forestry, would probably be nice to sit out there and dine.  The service was good, server was attentive but the restaurant wasn't busy yet and the food runner knocked our socks off.  I lost all my pictures on my phone so I'm relying on the blurry dishes opposite of my foodie buddy Angela T's uploaded photos since we came here for restaurant week.  

On paper the menu looked outstanding, worthy of the $50.12 price marked.  And compared to the other items offered at other places for the same mark I thought Verandah played it too conservative with such high level of culinary technique.  The drink I ordered didn't impress but the server did replace it.  

The best food runner ever, not because he was Hawaiian, came out with a complimentary appetizer.  The soup and spoon sides were great.  The first course came out and mine beat Angela's.  I tasted her risotto because I love risotto and it was ahh maybe cooked a little bit longer than needed.  I think argula is one of the better tasting greens out there, the flower is even better but it was fresh.  My first course was a scallop, jumbo shrimp, and can't remember the third item but it was placed on top of a nice sauce and topped with a delicious flavor foam.  The spoon had a sweet fruit taste which completely refreshed my palette.  The runner told me it was to be eaten in one direction to the other.  The second course was what caught my attention and what brought me here.  This dish was so plain.  The monkfish itself was prepared perfectly though so there really was no hating it but there really was no way of loving it also.  I ordered the other dessert just so we could split it and try the others dessert and to me they both ended up being ordinary as well.  For me two of the three courses was just so plain, my appetizer was great though.

There were some great skills used when preparing our Restaurant Week courses and I appreciate the participation otherwise I would have never come here for dinner.  Culinary skills and mix of flavor to me outshined the bland main course, the complimentary appetizer was appreciated as well and our food runner was on top of every ingredient and knowledge into  how each dish was created.  I thought he was our chef with the way he explained each item as he delivered it to us.
