dWrezcuIAO-Ckx1W0gu5jg Well let me start by saying we've been here for dinner and its been absolutely amazing! Now let's talk about lunch. I checked in on yelp as they claimed to have $3 off beer special per yelp checkin our server had absolutely no idea what I was talking about and proceed to ask me if I was sure it wasn't for the pizza place. I showed her my phone with the promo on yelp and she said let me talk to the chef. She came back after 15 mins of going back and forth she said that the chef said that the guy who does media and web specials is no longer with the company and they didn't know how to take it down and that they wouldn't grant the promo. Ok no biggie we've been here twice before and not only loved the food but also enjoyed talking to chef Marc so didn't make a big deal about it. My wife order the notorious Cab by the glass, which is on their menu,  and the server came back 5 minutes later saying they don't have it. We were already disappointed  twice but we brushed it off and proceed to look at the menu and asked for the popular complimentary bread thats toasted with garlic and cheese (I believe) but we got cold French bread, we were both disappointed as per our previous visits know it's always toasted warm bread so we asked her if she could warm up the bread she stared at the bread and said sure. We went ahead and order our lunch and waited for the bread to come back. To our surprise 15 mins later our lunch and the bread came out together and at that still cold. Lunch at Parma wasn't the worse experience we've had but a true let down compared to having dinner here. Let me say that the 2 stars is only for lunch and the servers poor service- she was really nice but far too casual and uninformed, had to go to kitchen for answers to every question we asked.  And the bread thing was just downright lazy.  As I've said before our dinner experiences here were amazing and my wife raved and gave Parma a 5 star rating I asked her not to change it and I'd yelp our lunch experience as I will be back for dinner soon. Again dinner is amazing just wouldn't recommend lunch here unless you plan on a grab and go sandwich from the deli.
