dWrezcuIAO-Ckx1W0gu5jg For Christmas I told my friend lets try a new Italian place. So finally we have had the time and went to Parma!

We walk in and see the chalkboard menus and there's a little store and lounge area. They have some oldie music playing and  have some nice artwork. Really like the vibe when you walk in. We take a seat and our waitress comes by and gets our drink orders. Apparently I think they print the menu everyday or something because there was at least one fish item that was crossed off. It must have been a hit. The waitress can tell you how everything is made what their favorite dishes are. I love when the chef takes time to explain so waiters/waitresses can give info to first time customers.

I order the Papardelle Bolognese, my friend orders Eggplant Parmesan, and her boyfriend orders something Riggies. They start us off with some fresh bread omg it was so good we had two little loafs before our food arrived. It was so good we couldn't say no. The food comes out and the smell is sooo amazing. I loved the bolognese sauce. The papardelle is prepared perfectly! The flavors of everything comes together. My friend had the eggplant and that was so yummy. She is picky about her eggplant parm and this is the first place other then one other place in Vegas that does the eggplant parm how she likes it. Her boyfriend got his spicy so I didn't try( I know I wimped out lol). He loved it and my friend said it was really good.

OK so after the food we take a look at the desserts and decide we have just enough room in our belly's for it. I get the Tiramisu,my friend gets the chocolate mousse cake, and her boyfriend gets the cannoli. OMG dessert heaven! The tiramisu was so good with just the right amount of sweetness. The chocolate mousse cake is the chocolate lovers best friend. Different layers of chocolate gets my mouth watering. The cannoli was really good also. My friend said it's his favorite cannoli he has had in a long time.

I give Parma 4 stars! I'm a fan of the place. This is the type of place I would go for Italian food, celebration dinners, or that romantic evening with your loved one. They have great food with great service. I definitely want to  try their lunch next!
