dWrezcuIAO-Ckx1W0gu5jg This quirky gem of a deli / restaurant was on our food radar thanks to Yelp reviewers.  Food superb, service stellar, ambiance....well, interesting.  

As is the owner, Chef Marc, who on our first visit (for takeout) was not in the kitchen but  holding court in "sofa lounge" section of the space, enjoying beverages  with a couple of lovely young ladies who seemed entertained by his every word.  On our second visit (for dinner) the next day, we were disappointed to learn the Chef was not in the house as we had called ahead of making our reservations specifically for a night Chef Marc was scheduled in the kitchen as we had heard about his personal talents. But he was indisposed at home we were told as we were seated and asked if he was cooking.  Our disappointment faded quickly as we found dinner did not suffer without him present; the food was delectable and the service top notch.

BOTTOM LINE:  This is on our "go back" list when we're in Las Vegas. Were it in our hometown, we'd be regulars. Seemed like mostly locals on  both nights we visited.  Sometime we'd love to come back with a group and reserve the Chef's table for off the menu Italian food experience. 

NW VEGAS  OFF STRIP LOCATION: About fifteen minutes drive off the LV strip in the unlikely location of a mall that is also home to KMart and Trader Joe's..  Cost of round trip cab fare added to the dinner tab may make this destination outside the bounds for those staying on the strip without their own transportation.  But if you have a car go to Parma!

FABULOUS FOOD: Full service restaurant serving lunch and dinner and take out Italian deli combined here.( Dinner service starts at 5p.)   We enjoyed...

...antipasto for two. Thanks to others who recommended this and encouraged us to order it.  A generous mix of salumi along with cheeses and olives on a bed of perfectly dressed  fresh salad greens, it may be the best of the kind we have ever eaten.

...spaghetti carbonara.  One of our favorite pastas but an act of faith to order in a restaurant as it requires the pasta and eggs to be combined just right to get a silky sauce and not raw egg.  This was perfect, wonderfully flavored with pancetta  and just the right amount of cracked black pepper and cheese  enhanced by the addition of peas, it arrived at our table piping hot.  

...egglplant parmesan.  An absolutely delicious rendition of a classic, this one was not breaded, it was perfectly seasoned, cooked to the right consistency and sweetness with good red sauce and a generous amount of melted mozzarella.  

We finished by sharing a slice of the yummy rum cake and very good coffee.  

(Side note...take out cannoli on another day, filled as we waited on them as good cannoli should be, were outstanding!)

GOOD WINE:  The wine list was surprisingly broad for such a small place and thoughtfully composed.  We ended up ordering by the glass for four glasses total in combo of prosecco to start followed by Nero d'Avola and Primitivo.

GREAT VALUE:  Total bill for this meal was about $80.   It could easily have fed three people and we had leftovers to bring back with us to the LV condo where we were staying. 

STELLAR SERVICE:  We had the good fortune to have Christian be our server.  We noted he also was attending to the customers who arrived for take out (and the take out business was brisk) and in general seemed to keep things humming with the kitchen and other wait staff.  Christian made all customers feel most welcome, and he made service seem effortless.  As with the table next to us, a couple of regulars who had special requests that we might most charitably say were difficult, and Christian made it seem simple.  If you are a restaurant owner, an employee like this is worth his weight in gold.  

QUIRKY AMBIANCE:  Great aromas as you enter.  Wonderful "fit" selection of Italian music or popular tunes by Italian American recording artists on the sound system.  (Frankie, Dino, Como...)  

Eclectic  "vibe" with dining tables around the perimeter and an odd arrangement of coffee tables and sofas in the middle of the room.  We guess Chef Marc fancies this a lounge.  But this furniture provided a sense of obstacle course to get to the deli / take out counter.   For our two bits, it would be best to do a little space planning and  have a clear and inviting path for all customers to get to the incredible deli.

ACCESSIBILITY ISSUES:  Tight spacing of furniture would make wheelchair access difficult, it seems to me.  Also, while the loo was accessible in design, it seems it would be impossible for a wheelchair user to get through the aisles to get there.  Easy barriers for the owner to remove with furniture rearrangement.
