E_4qAaFMthmlF4hjLjtolg Came here because my brother came and said it was pretty good. The decor of this place is completely outdated, which is no big deal. 
The waitress seemed to not understand us though. When two people out of our 8 people party had not arrived, she asked if we wanted to order drinks right now, and my friend said "yeah" and i nodded in agreement, she said "ok i'll come back in a few minutes and let you guys decide" and walked away. so.. there goes our first opportunity to order drinks.. then she returned and she asked again, and we said, 'yeah let's get some drinks," and again, i nodded and AGAIN she said "i'll be back when the rest of your party arrives". The six of us were really puzzled. 
Eventually when the whole party was present, we ordered our drinks and food at the same time, however she didn't punch in one of our orders and upon bringing everyone else's food and seeing his place was empty, she said "dear, what did you order?" and he told her, seafood pasta... she said "it will be right out". It took somewhere between 20-30 to come. We were contemplating if they were out fishing for the seafood and trying to make pasta from scratch or something. 
When we tried to pay, the waitress had left the bill and the debit machine, but didn't punch in her code, so we couldn't actually pay for the bill until we found her again - and when we did, the portable machine wasn't working, but again, couldn't resolve this because she had punched it in and disappeared again. The other waiter also had no idea how to rectify this and insisted on waiting for the original waitress to fix this issue.... we ended up settling it at the terminal directly plugged in at the end, but the missing waitress didn't help very much.  
All in all, the portions are BIG, like REALLY BIG, so you'll get your bang for buck here and leave full. But the service is iffy and the quality of food is mediocre. If it wasn't for the big portions, this place would not likely get any patrons. I wouldn't recommend this place, nor will i come back by choice.
