e0JOkQYz_cnz91k6X55PLw Latest visit to Las Vegas had us staying at the Wynn Resort.  After a day on the casino floor, we thought that we would end the day on a high note with dinner at Sinatra.  We called from the casino floor at 6:00 and was told that we could get right in if we did not wait until later.  Although this was a bit earlier than we would have liked, we hiked over to Encore for a fine meal.  As it turned out, it was OK, but no more satisfying than our gambling luck.

We were surprised to see that Steak Sinatra was no longer on the menu.  Our waiter checked to see if it could still be ordered  and was told that it was now called Filetto.  Since this was a different cut of meat and a peppercorn sauce would make it Steak Au Poivre, I knew my wife was going to end up with a meal that she did not expect.  I went with the lasagna because I was sure I knew what I would end up with.  Although the place was only half full, the order took some time.  That was fine with me.  It gave us time to enjoy the beautiful room, the wine and tasty antipasto.  Finally the entrees arrived.  A plain filet on a plain plate was place in front of my wife, the pepper sauce came in a small plain holder placed on the table.  My wife commented that for  $56 they could have at least placed some sort of garnish on the plate - or given her the 10 oz portion that was listed on the menu.  This looked more like 8 oz.   

The food was OK, but certainly not one of the better meals that we have enjoyed in Las Vegas.   The steak was very tender, but lacked flavor.  The peppercorn sauce did not save it.  The Lasagna was unremarkable.  There are too many exceptional Italian restaurants in Las Vegas to settle for such an average entree.  

Entrees, a side of veggies, a shared antipasto and a shared desert, a glass of wine and 2 martinis came out to $280 including the tip.  The cost was competitive with the other many high end Strip restaurants we have visited over the years, but the meal could not compete with most of them.
