E0YuuRpK_4RpaUF7JK3mhg Agree with my dining companions Neli and Stefany. The food was good. However, the service and entire experience was not so good...While I typically don't like to give small businesses like this a bad review, I hope our reviews will serve as some good constructive criticism for them to improve.

We all did the 3 course for $20 set and shared everything. Since Stefany did an amazing job of going into detail about the various dishes we ordered, I'll spare the details to avoid redundancy.

The key points for improvement (since my hope is not to tarnish their reputation here):
1) First impressions count! RW is meant to show people who otherwise would not go out of their way to try a place what your restaruant is all about and hopefully come back. They did not acknowledge us for quite some time after we were seated, never provided a drink or regular menu at any point, and never even asked for drink orders. Off to a bad start. I actually had to go up to the front to grab a regular menu myself which listed the non-alcoholic drinks. Neli asked for an orange juice which they acknowledged but never brought out. 

2) Organize / Prioritize - the table of 2 that sat down next to us and placed their order after we received our first course got their 2nd and 3rd courses before us. Other larger parties that sat down after us & placed their orders after us also got their orders before us. Also, it is June in Las Vegas. Keeping water glasses full should be a basic requirement, especially if the food takes unusually long to come out. First come, first serve is a simple concept that should be followed. As stated, a simple brunch/lunch should not take 2 hours!  

3) Communication - Yes, the running out of french toast issue really did not sit well with us--especially when we saw that other tables seated after us got french toast. If it is truly out, ok. If you realize you made a mistake and misspoke, provide an update to let us know. Also, it is bad enough that we had to ask for our waters to be filled but even worst when it takes another 15 minutes after we ask and they act like its a burden--no apologies, no smiles, no friendliness for the unusually long wait times between courses or empty water glasses, forgetting our third course... Communication is key and acknowledging shortcomings with a smile and a few kind words goes a long way in the food / service industry! 

4) The standard 18% gratuity - big no-no for parties of 2 - 3, especially when it was never mentioned or noted in writing anywhere prior. 

Something as simple as a few smiles and some communication, a genuine "sorry we are running a little slow today--we didn't anticipate the volume for customers we are getting for restaurant week" may have bumped the experience up to 3 stars. But, alas, the grumpy attitude and inefficient lackluster service that they charged a mandatory 18% for ensures I will not be back.
