E3mP15gcpSBys8PGeJsuvQ My wife brought me here for my birthday on a Tuesday night around 8pm.  Looking at the reviews and tips about this place they say you should call for a reservation ahead of time because it's a small restaurant.  My wife did call the day before but nobody got back to her so we just walked in hoping that it wouldn't be busy.
 
     When we walked in it was half full and a little busy.  It is a small restaurant.   We waited just outside the front door for somebody to greet us.  We saw that they did have a bar with a TV so we could have walked up there to sit but since it was my birthday we wanted a table if we could get one.  The waiter came up to us and asked if we had a reservation.  My wife said she did call but nobody got back to her.  He apologized and went to the back to see if they had space for us.  What looked like the owner a nice older gentlemen came up to us and asked 2?  We said yes and he took care of us.  They had seats available and we got to sit down in a 4 seat square table.  We felt welcomed.

 This restaurant is BYOB so we brought some wine.  It was $8 for a corkage fee which is a lot especially in Murrysville but we still chose to have some wine.  We looked over the menu which had a lot of good options on it.  We don't eat Italian all that often but when I do I like a good Chicken Parmesan.  Since this was the first time we came here I wanted to test out their chicken parm to see if this will be a place that we will come back to.  So I got the chicken parm with marinara sauce, spaghetti on the side, and French fries.  What French Fries?  Yes it was my birthday so I got me some French fries!  Carrie ordered their mussels.  While waiting for our food we got some of their homemade bread which was really good.  

 The food came and we enjoyed it.  Carrie liked her Mussels.  You can read her review on those!  My Parm was very good.  I had the choice to have their homemade spaghetti to go with the Parm or just regular and I choose the regular to see what it taste like.  I will get the homemade pasta next time to see the difference between the two.  Overall it was a very good chicken parm.  

 Our waiter was very nice too.  Everybody there gave us good customer service and checked on us a lot.  I wasn't planning on having dessert but the waiter and my wife convinced me to get it since it was my birthday.  I looked over the menu and the waiter really recommended trying their Tiramisu and I did.  I'm glad I ordered it too.  That was the first time I ever had Tiramisu and it was excellent!  I can't wait to have some more!

 Overall it was a great birthday dinner with my wife.  This place is small and its family owned.  People came in here knowing each other and just talking at the bar.  It was neat to see.   This will be a place that my wife and I will be back to try out their other food items for sure.
