e8kK01COAK614-RuKlXHug We don't go to Wexford a lot, but had passed this place twice before, so this time we saw it at lunch time and my wife googled the website real fast, and it looked good, so we decided to turn around.  From the web page, we almost thought it was going to be like a Chipotle style place where you just went down the line, picked your meatball, got some sauce on it, then took it to your seat.  This was a sit down place though with a full bar.  No big deal, it wasn't busy at all when we got there around noon, so we got seated immediately.  

The few people that were there when we got there were clearly hipster types, and so were many of the employees working there.  The place was also decorated very trendy, and they served you water in a big glass bottle they left on your table.  At this point, I was worried about how the food was going to be, since I've been to places like this before, like Burgatory where the food takes a back seat to the vibe of the place.  

The menu was simple, pretty much all you can order is meatballs, some sides, and some apps, but that's it.  No big deal on that as we went for the meatballs.  They had 4 types of meatballs on the menu, and she also mentioned they had a Cod meatball for lent.  They had a bunch of different sauces you could put on the meatballs, and then you can have them just as meatballs, or as a slider, sandwich, or panini.  I chose to have the sliders, because I wanted to try a few different meatballs and sauces.  I had the turkey meatball, the classic meatball, and the spicy pork meatball.  My wife had 2 classic meatball sliders, and we had the Parmesan fries to split.  

Well, as expected, the food was fine, but nothing special.  The meatballs were actually kind of bland, only helped by the sauce you picked to put on them.  My wife said the same thing.  My wife has an Italian mother who makes home made meat balls, so we know what good meat balls taste like, and unfortunately, these just didn't do it for us.  The fries weren't bad.  About what you'd expect Parmesan fries to taste like anywhere.

The service was really great, so that's not reason not to go there, and the prices were also really good, as all the sandwiches were less than $10.  The sides were $5, but they are huge.  We split the fries, and couldn't even finish them.  I'd almost suggest they offer half portions for $3.50 or so, because if you can't decide on a side to split, you definitely don't want to order a whole side for yourself.

Overall, I'd say go there once for yourself and see if you like it.  I mean the food wasn't bad and the service was great, but for a place that only serves meatballs, I'd expect them to be amazing.
