E9b73ETPw0VYUJ2_YSJJdQ Where to start!  I've had one amazing experience with them and one... INTERESTING experience.

I placed my most recent order via just-eat.ca in advance, for it to be delivered at 6:45pm.  At 4:45- I get a call.  They're at my condo (I'm at work) and i said.  He grumbled slightly and said they'd have to make it again.

5:30pm rolls around. Get another call.  They're at my condo again. (I'm still at work). He grumbled slightly and said they'd have to make it again.

6:45 rolls around.  Nothing. I call the restaurant after a few minutes to make sure there wasn't something weird going on- and our buzzer rings while I'm on the phone.  He's here!

Head down.  Order isn't complete.  A whole pizza is missing.  He told me I only ordered two pizzas (incorrect) until he actually looked at the receipt.  He then proceeded to indirectly blame me for the the fact that three poor drivers have had to bear the blistering cold to bring me my pizzas and that the restaurant doesn't even look at the time on the receipt- just what's being ordered.  I didn't understand how that was my problem and I refused to a) be spoken to like that and b) pay for an incomplete order.  I told him to take it back to the restaurant because I didn't want it anymore.

I went back to my apartment and called the restaurant and explained what happen, and the nice lady put the owner on for me to speak with.  I told him what had gone on and even though I really didn't want the pizza anymore, he said he'd deliver it to me himself and pretty much offered me anything extra I wanted- I told him he could surprise me with a dessert.

Well he did.  He brought the pizzas, 4 desserts and some calamari (holy crap) to me personally and apologized for the mix-up.  I felt horrible for him for having to deal with this, but was very thankful to receive such great, personal service.  It shows how much pride he really takes in his restaurant and that says a lot.

The food was incredible- I'm actually in physical pain from eating so much of it so fast- it was that good.  I will order from them again in the future (if they'll let me) but will probably never order in advance again as that seems to be where the main issue was.  

Thank you!
