eBj_YyJU5jVu6tbZCkdtDA Though we live pretty close to Tivoli, this was our first visit to Brio for dinner.  Our last attempt was for Happy Hour a year ago, but we bailed when we were directed to sit on the side of the patio in which every seat was in full sun -- and it was 112° outside!  Happily, though the temp was five degrees hotter tonight, we ate in air-conditioned comfort.

We were with friends who are soon-to-be locals (if the husband ever gets his way), and our waitress, whose name I unfortunately don't remember, was extremely attentive and efficient throughout the meal.

For starters, we ordered the Bruschetta Sampler platter.  None of us realized until we were biting into different tastes that it was made up of all the different bruschettas they offered.  Some had prosciutto, some broiled tomato, and some were heavy on the balsamic (this is a good thing).  We enjoyed it a lot.  We also liked the Spinach and Artichoke dip, with the crunchy triangles of flatbread that accompanied it.  

Brio tends to have a Mediterranean flair that tries to up it a notch from straight Italian, but for me this wasn't a plus.  I do love the food at Mediterranean restaurants, and am also a fan of Greek cuisine, but I'm not keen on feta cheese.  While trying to decide on an entree, almost everything I wanted to order had feta.  Happily, I was able to substitute gorgonzola in the Mediterranean Shrimp dish I settled on.  I could have also changed it to parmesan.  Four nicely-broiled shrimp sat atop a delicious melange of orzo, farro, broccoli, and artichokes.  I haven't had farro before (though I have a package of it in my pantry waiting for me to cook), and I liked the nuttiness that it added to the mixture.  If I hadn't already been full from the appetizers, I might have thought that there should have been one more shrimp on the plate.  Then again, it was 14.95, the shrimp were meaty, and I was stuffed before I started.

Two others ordered Chicken Milanese, and the third had Filet Mignon, which came with veggies and his choice of crisply roasted potatoes instead of the mashed it came with.  I didn't taste them, but they looked like a small version of potato skins without all the toppings, and he really liked them.  The Chicken Milanese was covered with mozzarella, which is unusual.  Add some red sauce and they would have had chicken parm.  That was served with a side of linguine in a plain tomato sauce.  The chicken was reported to be tender and perfectly cooked.

We shared a bottle of California Riesling; I think it was Wente, and wasn't overly sweet or dry, just right.  My only nit was the bread, because the dense bread with the hard crust that I love turned out to be sourdough.  I don't like sourdough, but others will disagree with me.  Other than that, it was a very enjoyable meal.  And we'll try Happy Hour again if the heat wave ever breaks.  Like in October  :)
