EbSX56Nddv-AcYlt58m0kg I had like them at first since they deliver pretty far and because their prices weren't that bad. My boyfriend and I had order from them one night ( the lasagna meal for two) and the meal was a 7 1/2 out of 10 for us - the garlic bread arrived soggy but the lasagna was pretty good. We decided to eat there again but dine in this time, no one was there - but there phones were ringing constantly. It's obvious they make their money from people ordering around campus & because they're 24/7. It can't be the food because that night we dine in I had felt nausea; but this is something I deal with almost all they time so I thought it was just me. We were up late once again and decided to go back to Cafe Verdi for the same meal, arrived again no one was there. The phones would NOT stop ringing and I thought it was a good thing for business, I would be happy that it's a busy night. The lady who works there was complaining and so was almost everyone else besides a bald white guy. Our food was brought out, customers actually started coming in to dine in - I cut my meal short and took everything to go because their vibes were killing mine. They were so pissed that the phone wouldn't stop ringing and it was becoming a bummer - I felt as if they were ungrateful. Anyways, late at night my stomach once again started turning and twisting about 20 mins into it I ran into the bathroom and threw up everything I had for the WHOLE day. It was terrible, I knew it was their food AGAIN; my boyfriend felt nausea as well so it wasn't just me. We were disappointed and decided that we will never support Cafe Verdi again. The food was most likely under-cook due to them rushing and having bad attitudes about their jobs; if you hate your job QUIT it. BAD FOOD - BAD SERVICE!

It's also funny because before I wrote this review I read the old ones; and there's one written in 2012 by a man who also had the same meal and went through the same horrid vomiting. I don't know what they are doing over there but I wouldn't go back!
