EEGajOchS2BIZNvJcPK3uw Tonight, I ate here for the fourth time in six weeks. I obviously liked my first three visits or I wouldn't have returned. The food and service were very good the first three times. However, this evening was a somewhat different experience. I once again ordered the three course meal and a bottle of wine. The first two course were good, but my main course was so salty it was inedible. When the waiter asked me how it was I had to say that I really could not eat it so I sent it back on his recommendation (something I do perhaps once per ten years and I eat in over 50 restaurants per year). He came back and said that they could re-prepare the dish or make another dish, but I needed to let them know ASAP as they were shutting down the kitchen. This was at 9:15 PM and they close at 10:00 PM (and I was the ONLY customer in the entire dining room). I assumed they didn't really want to make another plate of food and since the sauce was the saltiest part, I doubted that they could correct the problem before they shut their kitchen down early. As such, I advised them to skip the third course and adjust my bill accordingly. My entrée was listed as $20.00 on the menu, but the only reduced the bill by $10.00. I asked the waiter to please reduce it a more resonable amount or have them "refire" the kitchen and cook me a proper entrée. At that point the chef's wife (who earlier sat me and greated me as return customer) angrily stormed out of the kitchen and said (approximately) "I know you've been here before, but you ordered a multi-course meal and the cost of the first two courses reduces the cost of the entrée to $10.00. I took $20.00 off, but don't come back here again". I nicely asked her if she tasted the dish and she said "No, but the chef said that the sauce was over-reduced" (meaning that they could not correct the problem without dumping water into the sauce). I simply said "Look, you obviously don't like me, so I will not come back" (I live in Pennsylvania and I am only here on business). She said "Please don't". When the waiter came to collect my credit card I asked him if she was one of the owners and he said "yes". I said I think she might be nuts. He seemed to agree. Good luck staying in business with that attitude.
