EGIJ7sfXa5ha89fBxJsTuQ Busy, loud, lively, fast, somewhat chaotic - that's how I would describe Caffè Italia. A cafe that doesn't try to pretend to be what it's not and stays true to what it is - a historic icon where local patrons in their 30s, 40s, 50s, 60s+ drop in for their espresso, dunk their panettone, watch some sports, pay (cash) and then leave to carry on their day.

Open from 7am till 11pm this place just never seems to stop. Sitting at the bar you'll often see an order of 10 or more cups that come all at once! Amazingly no words are exchanged between waiters and the Barrista. I was trying to decode the system, a combo of saucer, glass spoons and positions that minimizes the need to talk and focus on delivery! Spoon in cup means decaf, two spoons on plate is an allongé, spoon down is double shot, etc.

Tip: Don't try to sit at the corner table unless you're looking for dirty looks. This where the older italian men hang out to talk about soccer, politics and sometimes about weather. 

"Keep it real is what it's all about... Montrealers like it like that" I was told by a regular. You won't see any fancy foam art but the crema is thick, exactly what you would expect from fresh coffee beans being hit at the right temperature and 12 bars of pressure. All drinks are very reasonably priced: Espresso at $1.75 and Latte or Cappuccino at $2.75!  Food-wise staples are mortadella, capicollo or salami sandwiches, toasts with choice of jam, peanut butter or Nutella and your traditional variety of italian sweets. Interestingly enough, behind the counter, where cigarettes packs used to be displayed, you can get hard to find Italian men grooming items such as Proraso (Italy #1 shaving cream), Felce Azzura (Talc Powder) and Pastel del Capitano (italian toothpaste).

The original owner is a nice lady who just recently celebrated her 76th birthday. She inherited the cafe from her parents who moved from Italy and opened this place when she was 16! The place is now run by her two daughters backed by a clever Barista (Paolo) and staff that crack you up if you pay attention to what they are saying. No frills, no fuss just good caffè - this is what it's all about.
