0jtRI7hVMpQHpUVtUy4ITw I was surprised about how busy this place is, given it was breakfast and on a Sunday, however, it just never looked that busy to me from the outside. We went on around 10 am - the wait was 20 minutes for two people. However, there were two open seats at the counter with no waiting so we sat there. They told me that it was always that busy on weekend mornings. 

I had the St. Paddy's Day Omelet. Per the waitress the omelets were the best thing to get, made with six eggs. It was a little under $11. It was huge and could feed two people. The St. Paddy's Day omelet contained corned beef hash and cheddar cheese.  The omelet itself wasn't that impressive, other than the size, it tasted okay but a true omelet should be fluffy and a little soft in the center. This had more than consistency of a frittata, eggs were overcooked and was more dense than fluffy. 

The I picked the spuds that went with it. I think that they cut potatoes on a mandolin and fried them.  There was no vegetables, such as onion and green pepper like you may expect in a country potato, the slices were inconsistent as to thickness which in turn made them inconsistent as to how they were cooked. Some were really crispy like a potato chip and other thicker slices were undercooked and greasy in the center. 

Also, the entree came with banana bread, this was tasty, not sure if it was homemade or a box mix though. Some place you can easily tell box mix but either I was really hungry or my palette was off that I just wasn't sure.  

There is a 2 for 1 coupon in the entertainment book up to $7.00 off. So for two people with two omelets our total was around $18.00, I also had coffee which was $2.50. 

I debated between the two and three stars, the food was "meh" but the portion size was good and the waitress was very accommodating and nice. Also, she was relatively attentive considering how busy they were and it appeared that they were understaffed. Also, as a side note it took forever to get our food - they warned us they were back up after we ordered.
