Ehy00JWQixgoXzisVKhvag Vegas ain't cheap. It can be really difficult to have a solid meal for under $50 a person. I looked at the menu for Wolfgang Puck Pizzeria & Cucina and couldn't pass up the possibility of a good meal at very reasonable price. 

Wolfgang Puck Pizzeria is hidden within Crystals at City Center so we really wouldn't have found it if we didn't research restaurants in preparation for our trip. When planning our list of dining options, I discovered a fabulous secret: all day happy hour. Wolfgang Puck's Pizzeria offers all day happy hour at the bar which includes amazing deals on small plates and drinks. As there were only two of us, we walked right in and sat at the bar. 

We proceeded to order an insane amount of food including calamari, an insalata mista, gnocchi, and the lamb chorizo pizza. The calamari was crispy and delicious, one of the best I have had. It was served with a garlic aioli which made a fabulous dip. We received our salad shortly after finishing our calamari and were pleased but not wowed. It was a pretty basic salad with cherry tomatoes and parmesan but it was very well dressed. After finishing the salad we were happy to see a huge plate of gnocchi and a very large pizza, perfect for sharing. The gnocchi was one of the best I have had, served with a flavorful sausage bolognese, and the portion size was HUGE! The pizza was certainly upstaged by the gnocchi but still very good. The chorizo was tasty and I really loved the crust. 

We received our bill and were thrilled to see that it came to somewhere around $75-$80, a steal in Vegas! The food was excellent and I would definitely recommend it to someone wanting a delicious, casual meal in Vegas. Why four stars? Our waiter who was actually a bartender, was pretentious an inattentive. We did not receive any of the delicious bread people rave about and we barely saw him the entire time we were there! He was chatting and laughing with another party seated on the other side of the bar. That night I was very thankful for food runners because if there were none, we would've never eaten. This didn't seem to be an issue with every waiter/bartender, just ours so don't let this stop you from going.
