eJCDUkFa7wl-BHYKZzaTMQ My girlfriend had a Groupon for this place so we decided to use it on a weekend night.  They wouldn't take a reservation for parties less than 6 so we weren't able to do a reservation for the 4 of us.  We found some seats at the bar while we waited.  Had a glass of wine and 30 minutes later we were seated.  Ahhh finally.  For 20 minutes more we watched waiters and busboys all around us zooming past our table in all directions.  We had yet to be greeted.  Finally we made the decision to go somewhere else.  As we stood up and gathered our things we were approached by a waiter.  We explained that by this time it was well over 20 minutes we had not been recognized.  It was almost like we were in an invisible bubble. LOL -But it wasn't funny at the time.

The waiter JASON begged us to stay assuring us that the rest of the experience would be great and he put his word on it.  He explained that there was some confusion with the tables and who had our table.  Low and behold he stuck to his word.  The people assisting him were completely attentive and so was he and we were back in our "have a nice dinner mode".  He saved the day!!!  Jason was totally consistent going forward and was a pretty cool guy to talk to.  We were hoping we could buy him a drink after to thank him for the supreme service.  Thanks Jason!

The bread was amazing-totally freshly made.  The BF and I both ordered steaks (on special) and they were fantastic.  They came with mashed potatoes and gravy.  I don't remember what the others ordered because we were so in focus with our own meals.  We also had salad with our meals.

A bottle of wine and no desserts our bill was $300! WITH the Groupon.  Just a little pricey for a double date.  BUT I highly recommend this place to take a one on one date though or a very special occasion.  The ambiance is chill and romantic with the little white lights as a special touch everywhere and they have outdoor seating as well.  They do not serve mixed drinks which a little bummer but their focus obviously is the wine menu.  I definitely would recommend Grape Street.  I do suggest that you should be able to make reservations regardless of the # of party and mixed drinks would be awesome. =)  Ask for Jason - he will for sure take care of you!
