eJCDUkFa7wl-BHYKZzaTMQ We came to Grape Street Cafe about 6 years ago when we first moved here and last night was our first time back.  Must not have been terribly impressed the first time as it took this long to return.  I now know why.  Last night will be the very last time.  I called to see if reservations were accepted and was told only on parties of 6 or more.  No problem, as they said it wouldn't be a terribly long wait.  Apparently, the hostess does not know this as she informed us that there was a reservation for four on the books.  Must be for VIP's, perhaps. Not very professional as she is the first person you encounter on arrival. Told her we should have made the reservation for six and then "cancelled" two when arriving. She laughed and agreed!   That was the least of our worries at this point.  Sat at the bar and each had a glass of wine.  Bartender was ok.  Not exceptionally friendly. Were seated fairly quickly on the patio.  Nice table although the ambiance inside is better.  Paper menus were pretty tacky as well. Our server was less than professional.  Felt rushed the entire time.   Informed him that I had a few different offers to use (restaurant.com and Valpak).  Said he would figure out at the end which would be the most beneficial to us.  Realized, on the way home, that we did not receive either.  Had mussels for an appetizer and they were the worst we have ever had.  Obviously, we were not happy as we each ate one and left the rest.  Never asked, just took the plate away.  Had to tell him that they were awful and he said nothing.  3 out of the 4 dinners arrived and were told it was because he didn't have another "hand" for the 4th.  What???  So we figured it would come pretty quickly.  Not the case.  My husband waited approximately 10 minutes for his to arrive.  Ahi tuna, I might add.  Needed the least amount of time to prepare.  Our friends appetizer (caprese) was terrible as well.  She has better tomatoes from her garden.  Meals were just ok.  Was offered fresh pepper, but apparently, he gave us the amount he thought was appropriate as my friend had to ask if she could have a few more "turns".  We left disappointed and then angry when I realized we did not receive any of the discounts I brought with me.  I do, however, realize I take partial blame for not reminding him.  We also felt the staff was unprofessional and ,quite frankly, sloppy.  In appearance and attitude.  With so many wonderful restaurant  options to choose from in Las Vegas, I will not make the same mistake a third time.
