ElWzx5_fU8S2G45OnM-HpA I tried to like it, but the food falls very short. Nothing tastes fresh and everything is way overpriced. 

Let me first start by saying that I work nearby and we were really excited for a new place to eat. I have been to Ocotillo 5 times now and each time has been progressively worse. Four of my visits were for lunch and one was an attempt at a happy hour. I say attempt because they have no happy hour, at all. We left for another place in the area after we had already ordered a drink and told they were closing soon. The servers don't know anything about the alcohol being offered, it's clear that there is no training or knowledge being given to them. They have also been out of most of their wine offerings the two times that I've tried to order. 

Walking in, the first thing you will notice is that it's very, very noisy. They keep the music really loud and all of the hard surfaces cause voices to echo and reverb over your conversation. Don't expect to have a decent conversation or even hear your server unless you sit outside. 

The roasted cauliflower was OK, but it would be hard to ruin such a simple dish. 
The diver scallop ceviche tasted terrible. The scallops were chewy and I was pretty sure it was several days old. 
The mole chicken salad comes with chicken nuggets covered in a flavorless brown sauce that almost resembles chocolate and for a "field greens" salad, it was 90% shredded cabbage. 
The country pate is on par with Spam. It's dry, flavorless and sliced out. It was impossible to spread on the provided oversized bread that was better suited for bruschetta. For $14, I expected more than just a plate of a bunch of pickled greens and spam. 
The smoked salmon sandwich tasted like it's been sitting in the fridge for a week. 
The BBQ pork sausage sandwich came with raw sliced jalapeño which made it totally inedible
The brisket sandwich some how made it past expedition burnt and what little meat it had was mostly fatty. The caramelized onions and red peppers tasted like they came from a can. 
The "crispy tofu"  Bahn MI was awful. The tofu was over cooked and had no flavor. 
The Thai chicken dinner was incredibly salty, I'm pretty sure it had been sitting for days to have soaked up that much sodium. The pure salt content over powered any other flavor they had tried to include. 

Now every restaurant has its issues, but each of these visits is over a span of several months. They are well passed the opening jitters. The place is trying to be trendy and hip, but it fails on even the basics. All of the faults appear to be from poor management and bad kitchen practices. It's a shame.
