eoyvbnRYQe-z85e8Rc6vAg The only good thing about our experience with this restaurant was the view of the fish tank out by the pool. 
First the waitress forgot our drinks. Then when she did bring our drinks, or should I say drink, she forgot my wife's wine. Fine, we told here to just make sure that it was not on the bill. 
We ordered a pasta plate, and a chicken margarita pizza.
Pasta, well, to be honest, was so, so, but not bad.
The pizza, oh, the pizza........ it was absolutely the worst thing I have eaten in a long time. For me to spit out my food in a restaurant, wow, something has to be horribly wrong. Well it was. The chicken tasted like it was 2 weeks old. No joke, no exaggeration, old chicken has to be one of the worst things you can put in your mouth. Now imagine a piece of pizza you had just bitten into being covered in it!!!!
We informed the waitress, who must be an out of work actress, because she said that she could not believe what we were telling her and that she would look into it with the chef.  
So we waited for some kind of response as to what may have gone wrong, after about 15 min of waiting, the manager comes over and tells us that he cannot belive that the chicken was like that and that the chef was looking into it. Then he just walked away. No joke, no apologies, no comping the meal, nothing, he just repeated the same thing to us that the waitress had told us 15 min earlier and walked away!!!
My wife and I were going to walk out, but, unfortunately for us we have ethics. Finally we were able to get the attention of our waitress and got our bill, paid for the food we had eaten and left. 
Please don't ever eat here, I don't want you to have to find out what old chicken, and I mean really old chicken taste like, the way that we had too.
Also, to be treated so cold by the manager, and a forgetful waitress is absolutely unacceptable. In today's economy businesses need to appreciate any and all customers who walk into their establishment. 
Never, ever again.
