eQCYur0033RkZdh5VjbF8A I recently went here for a small, intimate wedding reception/lunch (29 ppl including bride and groom) in the private room. The restaurant itself and the private room where very chic and nicely decorated. The two servers that were working our room were great. Super helpful, very friendly, and super accommodating. One friend has a severe allergy to all nuts, which we had informed them of before hand, and they were eager to make sure everything was good from him. On the day they also spoke to him personally to discuss options and make him feel comfortable that they were all aware. Great service in that regard as it is often hard for him to eat out and obviously a worry for him. They were also accommodating of the kids in the group and offered them a different menu. 

We had a three course menu (which was apparently about $35/person) with salad (I choose Cesar which was one of the best I've had with great flavourful bacon and obviously homemade yummy dressing and croutons), main (I had shrimp and scallop linguine. The sauce was a nice pesto/white sauce mix. there were only a couple of shrimp though and the scallops were the teeny, tiny baby ones. Ok but not great) and dessert (butter tart - really good flaky pastry and gooey filling, but seemed to minimal or simple, could have used ice cream or a chocolate garnish or something). My boyfriend had the same except the turkey club as main which was very simple and not that great. Very basic bread, nothing special, we could have been at Casey's or Kelsey's or any other number of basic chains. 

The house red wine we had was good, but there was a confusion with the alcohol. There was supposed to be a limited number of bottles to share included and then a cash bar. However the servers made a mistake and told guest it was an open bar and were pouring the wine like it was water. This lead to a bit of awkwardness and discomfort for the bride and groom who had to go and talk with the staff and fix it. 

Overall we had a great time, and it was a great venue to continue the beautiful day. the service was stellar but the food didn't overly impress. Also bonus points for cheap underground parking in the building. Only $2 when you got validated from the restaurant.
