eQo4kIwIWJbAnfXYl3k5BA I admit, I have lived reasonably close to Portofino's for almost 2 years and never once even seriously considered driving here.  Why, you may ask?  I have been told by many a person that you can't get decent, reasonably-priced Italian food here.  However, I can't imagine that the people who told me this had ever sat foot inside this little slice of paradise.

This place is flippin' awesome!  I rarely ever order or eat marinara sauce at restaurants; however, Portofino's has some of the best marinara I've ever eaten in my life.  It is such a perfect balance of flavors paired with high quality ingredients, without the need of complicated flavors to mask low-quality ingredients.  It's not too sweet, not too salty, and has a great tomato flavor.  On the first trip, I ordered the Chicken Sorrento, which included a large chicken breast.  Not only did the food taste fresh and flavorful, the portions were definitely big enough for dinner and plenty of leftovers for the next day.  My partner ordered the Tortellini Alfredo, which was very rich and satisfying.  For dessert, we ordered the cannoli and the tiramisu.  The filling in the cannoli was very rich and sweet, yet the shell was still crisp and not soggy.  The tiramisu was magical - the best I've ever had.  The marscapone was very smooth-tasting and the coffee flavor was not overpowering.  On the second visit, we ordered a pizza with pepperoni and mushrooms.  Again, I loved the sauce, but the crust was a little too thin in places to hold up to the toppings.  I will definitely say they do NOT skimp on the toppings and cheese, which was super.  The sauce and crust were wonderful otherwise, and this is a pretty solid place to get pizza.  We also ordered the garlic knots, which were drizzled with buttery-oil mixture and garlic.  They were a little too small to adequately absorb all the flavors, but they were decent.

As for service and decor, this place is amazing.  Our waitress was so helpful and sweet to us, I just adored her.  While the plaza that houses this restaurant looks slightly (or moderately) questionable, this place is very open and nice-looking on the inside.  I loved the decor, with comfortable tables and an open look inside.  

I am sad I did not try this place sooner, but now that I know it's there, I have a bad feeling I'll be going there too often.  I may possibly dream of their marinara sauce tonight.
