0NmTwqYEQiKErDv4a55obg My husband and I had a table by the window overlooking the Bellagio fountains, which was lovely. The restaurant itself is very nicely decorated and feels warm and intimate. The background music was kind of random as it felt like Frank Sinatra or some jazz music should have been playing.

I am going to start with the food because that is whats really important, isn't it?? The breads are a lovely way to begin the meal especially because they offer a variety of dips and breads. The citrus infused olive oil was divine as was the extra soft butter. The salami and cheese stuffed bread looked amazing but I don't eat meat so my husband was able to eat 2 pieces to himself. He said it tasted as good as it looked. 

The menu is small but offers some great choices. We started with the beet salad and a root vegetable soup. Both were excellent and the presentations were beautiful. For our main courses, we had the lobster pasta dish and the cheese agnolotti with a truffle butter sauce. I loved the agnolotti - it was a simple dish that didn't have to try to be anything else. Butter + truffles = love. My husbands dish had generous chunks of lobster, a delicious sauce, and perfectly prepared handmade pasta. We were in foodie heaven with every bite. We were sorry we didn't get dessert but we were so full so only ordered coffee. 

If this review was for food alone, I would give it 5 stars but here are some of the reasons why I wont give this restaurant a 5 star review: 

The service was only OK.  It wasn't over the top as one would expect from this type of establishment. Our waiter was pleasant but did not  go over anything on the menu. I am sure other diners had a better experience b/c we heard him talking away with the table next to us. It was strange b/c he did not offer one recommendation to us nor did he talk about any of the dishes or how they were prepared. 

The didn't "sweep" the table between dishes. Normally things like this don't bother me but we had bread crumbs on the table and when you are eating at an expensive restaurant you are paying for food and overall dining experience.  Which brings me to one more gripe, they didn't offer any extras like other expensive restaurants typically do. There was no Amuse Bouche (yes this is a French thing) but places like Tom Colicchio's Craft gives you a tasting to start with in addition to your breads. 

Overall: I would like to give this place 4 stars b/c the food was excellent but for the price and reputation, I was expecting a better dining experience. I am wondering if the Beverly Hills Scarpetta would be better?
