esnvHQxunLTAckQpntqbCg First time at this restaurant. Was slightly scared when there was only one other couple in the place at 6:15 PM but my fear was soon put to rest. 

Laura was our server and she was fantastic! Fully knew the menu, had a great personality and charming. 

The menu is about six pages of black and white copy paper on a clipboard and the names of the foods were surely Italian. Laura made some excellent recommendations though and we weren't disappointed in the slightest. 

We started with the Sciatt and Tagliere Misto. Well actually we started with some great bread they get from a local bakery and some olive oil to dip it in. Both of the appetizers were delicious. The prosciutto was really nice and not too salty as many I've had before are. 

For the entrées, we ordered the Pizzoccheri Di Teglio. Reading the description I was originally put off slightly because of the mention of cabbage and potatoes mixed with pasta. When it came out it resembled a stroganoff but was very tasty. Don't let the look of it deceive you. Laura said it was one of the dishes that's returned to the kitchen most frequently because it doesn't look like what people expect. Once you get past that though, it really is quite tasty. 

We ordered a Zigeuner as well which comes out on a large wooden skewer that looks like a jumbo pencil. I forgot to ask what type of meat it was and although it was a bit salty, it was nice. 

We had the Estiva salad as well for some green accompaniment to everything which was nice. Traditional oil and lemon to dress the salad which I'm personally not too crazy about but got past it quickly enough with the other food. 

I let Laura twist my arm on dessert and followed her recommendation again with the Torta Di Mele E Gelato which is fancy for apple cake and gelato which was a really nice way to end this fantastic northern Italy cuisine. 

Almost forgot to mention the white wine she recommended. Can't remember the name and the online menu doesn't list the wines for me to refer to but was like a Sauvignon Blanc and was a great choice with all of our picks. 

Overall if you're looking for a nice Italian restaurant that's outside of the norm, you've definitely got to give Stelvio a try!
