EtLmuDIMsBCmqdgpysz60Q I used a groupon deal: $20 for $40 worth of food.  Was it worth the $20? Not at all.

My company and I were only allowed to choose from a VERY limited menu with our groupon deal. For the appetizer, there was only one choice that we were allowed to order.  The appetizer isn't even listed on their menu, but it was terrible and really started off our dinner on a bad note.

FOOD: terrible.

Appetizer - Unlisted rice balls
The appetizer that we had no choice in receiving was disgusting.  Four balls of rice enveloped in a hard-shelled, doughy material were given to us.  The rice was not soft and hard to swallow.  This appetizer lacked flavor and left a bad taste in our mouths.  

Flatbread - Lamb braised with tamarind, hummus, toasted cumin, cilantro
This dish was nothing special. Portions were decent, but still not worth it. Didn't leave a memorable impression on me.

Fettuccine Fellini gorgonzola, tomato cream, pancetta
This dish tasted weird and slightly bland. It was on the dry side (I prefer my pasta to be creamy).  For the price of this dish ($18), I expected soooo much more! Furthermore, the fettuccine was under-cooked and still tough.  This could have been the result of our waiter dropping our dishes initially and therefore, our dishes might have been rushed out to us the second time around. 


SERVICE: good

Despite dropping our entrees, our waiter was very friendly, polite, and knowledgeable on menu items/specials. We were seated by the door and it was a chilly Tuesday night. One of the workers there kept opening the door and letting the cold air in while another worker wanted to keep it closed (as it should have been!).  The same worker, who seemed to be set on making our dining experience worse, proceeded to blast music throughout the restaurant using his laptop. He seemed like a really obnoxious person. 


ATMOSPHERE

- Clean
- Since we came on a Tuesday night, the restaurant was quiet and not crowded 
- Nice decor
- While the decor of the restaurant was rather tame and refined, the worker who blasted the music made the restaurant seem like it was supposed to be a club-like, lively place


Overall, I feel like this restaurant didn't give us good food because we used the groupon deal.  I wouldn't come back here.  The rather expensive menu items are not worth the price.
