EUQoB_ph7_xIyj7JZGI3bg wow

such Italian

very diner

I wandered into Giuseppe's on a Friday evening when, after a highly productive day, I was in the grip of the sort of letdown where one feels acutely aware of one's own mortality and the fragility of the word, a mood that requires a polysyllabic German word, so I'm going to give it one: Weltgrunegotterdammerung.

My original plan was to try out the Angry Crab, but the shrieks of the happy hour revelers could be heard halfway down the arcade of the shopping plaza, and being surrounded by "young professionals" getting wasted on bloody marys is not a cure for Weltgrunegotterdammerung.

Giuseppe's is a price notch upward (blackboard basic entrees are ~$11 and menu fancy entrees are in mostly in the mid/high teens) but comes with peace, quiet, and a sense of participating in that uniquely American institution: the fine-ish dining hole-in-the-wall in a strip mall. Plus you can combine watching the sun set behind the palm trees with pretending you're in Rome in the 1950s, and any moment now, Audrey Hepburn is going to pull up on a Vespa.

The point of the bread is to mop up the excess pasta sauce, as it's happy sponge-y bread rather than bread that one eats on its own and then spends three years trying to reproduce at home with dutch ovens and spritzers. I consumed an insane amount of it while sponging up the butter/oil-type sauce from the shrimp ravioli because it was the sort of sauce that one is required to sponge, if not to actually lick the plate. If a little splashes or spills in the sponging process, it probably does excellent things for soft, younger-looking skin, too.

The shrimp ravioli contained an identifiable shrimp! I've never before encountered anything that wasn't a mash in a seafood rav anywhere, nor a sauce that contained spices rather than being all alfredo-esque. The rav were very nice, with some crab and some ricotta -- just rich enough to feel reasonably content with the quantity, but not taking it to the point where one wonders what one just did. I'm actually relieved not to have fallen madly in love with them -- sorry, shrimp rav, it was just a fling, as there are many other tempting items on the menu. Boar ragu!

True love -- or at least strong animal passion -- is elicited by the white-chocolate creme brulee. Dante would have written several volumes in verse to the white-chocolate creme brulee.

I'm reviewing it partly so it can be added to the "kind to lone diners" list, as the staff were absolute sweethearts. They were clearly trying to hit the right pace where I could enjoy a leisurely meal without feeling neglected (or, conversely, be promptly attended to without feeling rushed) -- and since I myself didn't really know what mood I was in (Weltgrunegotterdammerung will do that for a girl), that was a bit of a challenge. I strongly suspect that this is the sort of place where, if you go regularly, they remember you and see that things are as you like them.
