EUQoB_ph7_xIyj7JZGI3bg This was the worst experience I've ever had at a restaurant.  Ill start with our first impression... my dad walks to the patio entrance ahead of us and is asked how many in his party, the tells him 8.  The man tells him we should have called ahead.  We are there for a short time while he put two tables together, while he is moving things around the owner comes and asks my dad how many.  My dad tells him 8 and starts to tell him they are setting it up and them the man says, OK how many? I don't know if he thought he was kidding but we then said 8 and we are being seated.  Not a great start, no eye contact and an awkward encounter, we are then seated.

I dont know if they do not have beverages but we were never offered, water was brought out for all as we sat. We ordered an overly expensive rice ball for our appetizer and garlic bread, neither warm or good in flavor.  Let me start by saying the food that was eaten was not restaurant quality. It was more like I came to your house for dinner meaning it was every day food, nothing to brag about, nothing special. 
We then order dinner, my dad and I split a seafood pasta and our waitress so kindly had them put it in two bowls. This was the best and only good part of our experience as we didn't ask, good thinking and active listening on her part. 

Our food comes, remember there are 8 of us so lots of food. Only 1 dish was hot. Mac and cheese and lasagna are obviously premade (expected) but not hot. Butternut squash Ravioli it's self was good but lukewarm,  drowning in a sea of what was to be brown butter but actually tasted of burnt oil. Soup, nothing to brag or spend time on and the baked ziti with sausage while hot, nothing special. 

The dish we split was their seafood with black pasta, not hot but I enjoyed it until my dad said "that doesn't look good" On our shell plate he puts down a clam. I look at it thinking what I was looking at was maybe an herb or something and so I picked it up and I smell it, horrible but tar like smell. It dripped on the plate a black substance. The clam was obviously not good, rotted. Now I understand the chances here, it's she'll fish. I expected to tell the woman waiting on us and she say, I'm sorry let's get you a fresh plate but I got a "oh, let me see this" she took it and showed the man who set up our table. He says you gotta talk to Rich, I believe that's the owners name. 

Now at this point wed been there a. While, the owners talking to his patio and inside guests, visiting each table but ours and the two behind us. He's very friendly and very talkative,  it took about 10 minutes for him to finally be free so she could let him know we had a situation. He comes to me and asks how he can help, I started to tell him about the clam and he tells me he saw it like it was nothing. I told him it was gross and before I could say more he got argumentative.   Asks what I want him to do, I let him know that we did not want to finish the food given the situation.  He tells me, "it's not in your food" this upset me, it was at one point and it dripped out. He says it was a bad clam, I'm not going to defend myself,  do you want something else. I hear the line, I'm not going to defend it or myself a few times. He asks again, do you want something else as he abruptly takes our plates and I told him no, we would like our check seeing his attitude just walked my appetite. He walked away and didn't look back. The waitress asked if he took care of us in short i said no and we wanted to leave.  She apologised for him.  It took 10 minutes to then get a box for my stepmothers ziti so we could get the heck out. Note it took one minute to get the check when requsted. He had no problem taking our money.  $80 plus dollar tab for crap. What's worse is all he had to do was say, I'm sorry there was a bad clam. Let me remake it or something else for you.  I wasn't looking for a handout. Instead I got this, horrible. 
Lets put it this way, It's 6am and I've already told 4 people NEVER to go here. Take a lesson in kindness sir.  We the customer are your business.
