ewEDv_q-K0fV0FepkHB8sA We came here for a business dinner a few nights ago.  With it being a steakhouse and going by the pricing, I was expecting to have to bust out my ballgown and heels.  However, when I walked in, it seemed like a place where you could dress up or down for the meal.  

While the pricing is high (I mean, it's a steakhouse; so, that is a given), they do give you very healthy portions for your money.  Other steakhouses charge an arm and a leg and sometimes leave you hungry.   I did not find that to be true at Tornado.  In fact, I was able to take some food home and make a second meal of it.  I ordered the duck with currant sauce, which was delectable.  The meat was nice and tender and nowhere near overcooked, which was my main concern when I initially ordered it.  It came with a soup and a baked potato.  The baked potato was your standard potato (though large).  I chose the french onion soup.  Mmm...... Delicious.  We had the frog legs as an appetizer, which were lightly battered and fried and came with the most scrumptious sauce atop them.  For dessert, everyone at the table ordered just about everything.  I personally tried a bite of the chocolate caramel pecan tart we ordered and it was divine.  I especially loved that it had just a touch of sweetness and was not the sugar bomb I expected.

As far as ambience, I did find it quite dark inside.  I know it's likely meant to be "mood lighting," but I found it a little hard to see and also heard others around who were not in my party commenting the same.  Despite there being large groups in the same little area we were in, the noise level was perfect.  Not too quiet and not so loud I could not engage in conversation with my colleagues.  Also, the vegetable garnish used as a centerpiece at the table was nice little touch (and very creative).

The service was prompt and helpful.  My water glass was rarely empty, empty plates were removed from my spot in a timely manner, and the staff were friendly and knowledgeable.  

I would definitely come back here or recommend this place for someone looking for a nice evening out or celebrating in style.  Everyone at my table commented on how delicious their food was (even the day after) and how relaxing the space was.
