ewEDv_q-K0fV0FepkHB8sA Whether you are a Madison local or stopping by from Chicago or parts unknown for a weekend visit, you must make Tornado Club one of your stops.  It is a supper club frozen in time; upon entry in the bar you would not be surprised to see Don and Betty Draper, Don swigging an old fashioned, oblivious to Betty's obliviousness.  You'll be tempted to have an old fashioned or three yourself, and dive into their world of oblivion, but not before getting yourself some serious meat.

First, the decor.  As I alluded to above, the bar is straight out of the forties, with gorgeous curves, and, as a I recall, a smooth marble top.  The bar "stools" are not stools at all but gorgeously upholstered captain's chairs.  We arrived just in time for our table, but were sure to spend a couple hours after dinner at the bar.  The bartenders are very friendly, and well versed in, dare I say it?, mixology, creating some old school aperitifs after the desire for Manhattans wears thin.

The various dining rooms - of which there are, I believe, three - have a similar vintage vibe, one with wood paneling on the walls and another, the one we dined in, with an arched, plaster coated ceiling, old time wall sconces, and a fireplace.  For my money, THIS is the room to dine in.  It feels like you are in a country lodge eating freshly killed cuts of meat.

And those cuts of meat here are great - I had the venison tenderloin, seared in a red wine sauce.  It had the smoky, gamy notes you expect from a quality cut of venison, and the red wine sauce gives it a hit of primal bloody flavor that knocks the dish out of the park.  It was so rich it was a struggle to finish but I barreled through.  Kelly had one of the steaks, and it was prepared a gorgeous medium rare, slightly crispy on the outside and oh-so-juicy on the inside.

After dinner, I sampled the extensive bourbon and rye selection at the bar, and capped off the night with a well-crafted Italian digestif.  If I lived in Madison, I'd be here a couple of nights a month, if not more, without a doubt.  This is a dining establishment to be proud of!

PS - As a fun aside, check out the Tornado Club website some time when you can have your speakers on - www.tornadosteakhouse.com - it has an awesome loop of space age bachelor pad music.  Makes me want to fix myself a cocktail right now - gotta go!
