ewEDv_q-K0fV0FepkHB8sA I went here on Halloween with my boyfriend for a romantic, nice dinner.  We came in at about 6:30 pm and it appeared to be fairly uncrowded with many open tables. We were placed in a back room at a table for two. 

We were given a good selection of bread, consisting of a dill bread loaf (I think), a biscuit and a sesame seed covered fresh, soft breadstick, with a big pat of butter. The bread was warm and good. 

When you sit down, you get a glass of ice with fresh vegetables on a stick. I am still a little unclear as to whether it's supposed to be an edgy decoration, meant to symbolize temptation, or whether you can just eat it. We ate it, and it was good. 

I ordered the key lime gimlet for the drink, which was the color of keylime pie, cold, came in a martini glass and had a graham cracker crust rim, with a fresh lime slice for a garnish. It was really delicious, sweet, creamy and tart.

For an appetizer, we ordered the scallops. They were very delicious. The sauce was rich and tasty. The scallops themselves were cooked well and were served over a bed of mashed potatoes in an actual shell (like from the sea). 

I ordered the 8 oz filet for my entree. It was a good cut of meat, and had good seasoning on it. It was thick, juicy, and delicious. They served it on a hot metal plate upon a normal plate, and because the plate was still hot, it didn't cool off while I was eating it slowly to savor the taste. 

My boyfriend ordered the lamb, and he liked it. I tried it and it was pretty good! He wasn't able to finish it, since it was a lot of food.

For my sides I ordered a mixed greens salad doused in a vinegarette and a baked potato. My boyfriend ordered the asparagus for his side.

We had a good server. We were initially seated in a room where there seemed to be a reservation for a group of 15, right next to the large group...not the best location to place a couple obviously on a romantic date when half the tables in the entire restaurant are empty. After the group got increasingly loud to the point where we couldn't hear each other without raising our voices and leaning in with straining expressions on our faces (not hot for a date), we asked to be moved if it was possible, and we were moved right away, no problems or fuss. Wonderful!

Here's the negative part of the review...these sides were nothing special. My baked potato was literally that. Just a potato with small side of sour cream. The asparagus were just steamed and set on a plate. I was annoyed that these sides were so bland and lackluster considering the price of the entree. Also, when we got the lamb boxed up, my boyfriend says it wasn't closed properly, so the lamb juice leaked out all over the car, his nice shirt and his kitchen floor.

So I give it a 4 stars. I'd go back, but not often due to the price.
