JwtQWW1C_y6GhLQzNghrOw So I had no idea that Lai Toh Heen even existed until an unfortunate double-click mishap left me with an extra groupon to a restaurant I'd already been to. Thank god for Marie F. to the rescue who swapped with me and the hubs and I got a chance to have some upscale Chinese on the north side of town.

Now - let me set something straight: hubs and I don't actually think that "upscale" and "Chinese food" go together. It's an oxymoron really. For $100 we can fill our bellies lazy-susan style at many dirty but delicious restaurants in Chinatown and be no less happy. We even LIKE the plastic table cloths - that shit picks up drippin's!

But Lai Toh Heen is a bit out of our comfort zone. First of all they took our jackets and we were all like: what? And then they seated us and DIDN'T take my chopsticks automatically away (you know, cause I'm brown). 

The thing that was really hard to get around however was the prices. $4 for ONE piece of dim sum? I'm sorry? Now that bacon-wrapped deep fried shrimp/scallop thingy was cardiac inducing delicious but seriously not worth $4. We also sampled the lobster/mango roll ($4/1pc), Saffron fried rice with mixed seafood ($22/lrg!!!), Deep-fried boneless chicken with honey and sesame seed ($18), Wok-fried diced beef tenderloin with peppers and orange peels ($18), puerh tea ($3) and dragonwell tea ($2.5).

OUCH. The best part was that apparently we had ordered so much food (and we usually order more at Chinese - what? We're hungry in an hour! No that joke never gets old!) that they actually had to remove our teapots to make room and still our plates were almost off the table.

For the most part the meal was meh, but the beef was definitely the star of the evening and was absolutely DELICIOUS. But one dish does not a good experience make. Oh and the service was superb...in a way. Our dishes were on our table in less than 10min which leads me to believe that they were made well in advance and just reheated - blah.

If it wasn't for the groupon I'd probably have pitched a fit in the restaurant, but in the end we walked out $35 short and with full enough bellies to keep me going for 45 min until I made the hubs get me ice cream. 
 
Maple Bacon Ice cream solves all restaurant woes.
