jyZqmlaziZKtPv8AVTzciw Let me preface my review by stating a few facts.  #1 My boyfriend and his family are Chinese, and they were dining with me.  #2 The aforementioned Chinese people in my party ordered everything for us in the spirit of authentic Chinese cuisine.  #3 I put on a happy face and ate as much rice as I could to fill up.  :)  I like to start any decent meal with a good hand-washing, especially when eating with my Chinese in-laws when they're in town from China.  I went into the bathroom at Diamond's, and I almost hurled.  I am a mortician and around putrid smells every day of my life, so for the smell of a bathroom to turn my stomach is reeeally saying something.  I felt obligated to stay and eat.  I left the bathroom and used antibacterial hand sanitizer instead.  :(  So the food began to appear.  We ordered a big pot of oolong tea to accompany our meal.  We were warned that it, along with the glasses of water on our table, was tap water.  The steamed white rice was fine and dandy, and I ate most of it.  We got dungeness crab, served chopped up but still in the shell and smothered in a brown gravy sauce that was none-too-tasty and killed the delicious crab taste.  We also had lobster that was similarly served chopped into pieced and smothered in sauce, with the meat still inside.  This method of serving made it difficult to handle the food without getting your hands dirty, including serving it to yourself from the lazy susan.  We also had cod with all the bones in it and the eyeballs still in its head, completely intact.  I did not even taste it, as I've had some bad experiences with fish bones.  The rest of the table ate the whole thing, including the fish brain and eyeballs and cheeks.  *shudder*  Just a matter of personal preference, but I can't do that.  

All in all, I would never go back.  Ever.  And I'd advise anyone with a weak stomach or a strong sense of smell to avoid this place at all costs.  Again, this is simply my preference and opinion.  But I like to taste my food, not just the seasoned gravy thrown onto it.  And the smell... oh good heavens!  Check please!
