Jzz-ZLXsd2ClSn6UyFcbpw was looking for something different, and have seen this place..allot. I'm a native Phoenix resident after all.

first i checked yelp and saw 3-4 stars based on 6 reviews. i figured sketchy, but with such a glowing review from Pierre i figured it must be good. umm. no.

my cohort ordered the chow mien. she took one bite and said no. it was drenched in a chicken gravy Ala sick. i took a bite and agreed I've had better out of ChungKing's can. in fact i wouldn't be surprised if this slop came from a can. flavorless chicken, crisp from a can celery..like seriously machine cut from a factory and stuffed into a can.

i ordered the egg foo young, with barbecue pork. it was decent to average, nothing special. i was kinda surprised to not see gills or fins on my egg foo young patties...as they were swimming in a 1 inch deep puddle of a gravy. while the gravy tasted good, i kinda like the option to drown my own food. not have it delivered to me already floating.

Pierre can keep his nostalgic toilet bowl of Chinese fare. i respect almost all of your reviews. sing high. meh. for the 17 bucks we spent on two plates, i could have gotten 4 cans of ChungKing's chow mien.

I'm not really sure how this place has lasted 80 years. I'm sure somewhere in recent history this place is a front for heroin or something else elicit. restaurants like this cannot simply survive on this quality of food. they have 3 dinning rooms and while we visited about 10 customers. 

The wait staff is mediocre, when the lady asked how we liked the food, my friend said she did not like the chow mien, she asked if my friend would like something else, while this could have been an option if she had come 15 minutes earlier after the first bite, but it was too late by now, and when the response was no, there was no attempt to make it better by removing the food from the bill. don't expect our return. 

poor service, poor to mediocre food, poor atmosphere, 1 star.
i would consider two if you took the chow mien off the bill. :P
