1ZnVfS-qP19upP_fwOhZsA The bountiful glowing reviews for this place greatly confuse me. I came with my family on Friday night; it was pretty early, so there were only three other parties in the restaurant. The setup of the place is very clean and simple; nothing to complain about.

On to the menu, the dishes here are obscenely cheap! Especially considering that this is a mom and pop shop, I wonder how they manage to make any money. We ordered four "Authentic Hoi Nam Chicken over Special Seasoned Rice," large ribeye with a side of bok choy, and choy sum with oyster sauce. Portions were generous, which I also appreciated. And....that's about all of the accolades I can give this place.

I have not had hainan chicken anywhere else in Vegas; HOWEVER, I have had this dish plenty of times at multiple different places in Southern California--and it is a dish frequently made at home. An AUTHENTIC version of this dish uses free range chicken where the chicken does not feel very tough when boiled. That was not the case here. I get that it's probably what's keeping the price so low, but c'monnnn, can you not advertise it as authentic then? Additionally, the rice was overly mushy--too much chicken stock/water was used to cook it. The rice was not very fragrant; they could've benefited from throwing in garlic and ginger into the mix. Sauces were okay--nothing to write home about. The ribeye was a great deal for $12. It was pretty fatty, but hey, it's $12 bucks, so I won't complain too much. Choy sum was literally just blanched and then had oyster sauce poured over it; it would've been better if they had sauteed the veggies with the oyster sauce. Pouring it directly over just makes the dish super salty. I know I'm being super nit picky, given that this is a super cheap place. Food was passable. If judging on food alone, I would come back every so often.

So why the 2 stars? My biggest gripe with this place is the service. I've been to plenty of Chinese restaurants and know that service is not priority. What annoyed me the most was that we never got a friendly smile out of our waiter--and I definitely saw him smile at other patrons. My aunt tried ordering in Chinese (because hellooooo, Chinese restaurant with part of menu written in Chinese)--and the waiter rudely interrupts, "English only. I'm not Chinese." Okay. I have nothing against not being able to speak a language, but there's definitely a more tactful way of conveying that to your patrons. Then, as we were ordering our dishes, he stops us mid-order and tells us we are ordering too much food and that three chicken dishes + extra rice is sufficient for our party of four. O.K. So if I overorder, can I not bring it home? Isn't it beneficial for the business for patrons to order more food? More orders = more money? If I was concerned about portions, then I would ask you about the portion sizes, no? But okay. 

TL;DR
Super cheap food. Passable food. But you better have super thick skin x239028390 for the awful service/free advice on how much you should be eating.
