k8YGNHv-wxy37aX6bWJD9g China House

I'm lucky that to this point, I've never had to write a eulogy. So here goes nothing. 
I write this note days before the scheduled closing of China House, a 53 year veteran of the Bathurst and Eglinton strip. Following the demise of Ken Fong last year, it seems as though House of Chan will be the only old-school Chinese-Canadian establishment left standing in this neck of the woods, which is not entirely fair, since HoC made it's reputation on steak, not Szechuan. 

For that matter, China House was never much for spice. As my colleagues below have pointed out, China House specializes in Westernized Cantonese food in all it's deep-fried, corn-starch-slurried glory. A 'secret menu' with more authentic fare was once available to Chinese customers, but an intrepid Joanne Kates outed it, and in so doing mainstreamed many of the dishes that we take for granted today. Many of the dishes that she described have made their way onto the regular menu, while most of the dine-in traffic has fled to even more 'authentic' haunts along Spadina, Gerrard, and the untamed jungle of Markham.  

China House's greatest disappointments lie in it's attempts to venture outside it's traditional Cantonese formula. Hot and sour soup tasted like thickened egg-drop soaked in vinegar and sriracha, while General Tso's chicken saw crumbly yellow breading soak up sauce that was far more sweet than heat (despite a request to ditch the sugar for the sake of a diabetic diner). We had yet to try the new, healthier options, including Greg's ice cream for dessert. I regret the latter; Greg's sells some of my favorite ice cream. 

Our China House experience boils down to a few routinely excellent dishes: The Dop Voy Won Ton soup is possibly the best thing on the menu. soft dumplings, assorted meats and veg in a light chicken stock. Served communally, and accented with a hit of soya sauce and a fistful of little orange noodles, it's a meal in itself. Spring rolls are competent, egg rolls are greasily good, especially when dunked in sinus-clearing mustard and iridescent plum sauce. 

Deep fried butterflied shrimp are fantastic. Cut almost all the way though, they arrive as perfectly done rings of shrimpy goodness. Shrimp in Lobster sauce is similarly well-done; sauteed shrimp under a blanked to ground pork and black bean sauce. it demands an order of yang chow fried rice (more shrimp, please!) to soak up the sauce. 

Moo shoo pork is also good, if on the sweet side. The meat is tender, and there's plenty of black mushroom and scrambled egg. The use of bean sprouts instead of cabbage makes plain ol' chop suey redundant, but you can feel good about ordering either. Almond Soo Guy is another deep-fried delight. We order stir-fried vegetables, if only for appearance's sake. 

Other dishes feature a range of proteins and univeg accompanied by indistinguishable sauces.  Cantonese chow mein replicates the wonton soup's success, although its gravy is sweeter than most. This last reason may be why we didn't go as often as we used to, despite new ownership's best efforts (and they do deserve a lot of credit for breathing life into the space). As the neighbourhood's tastes have changed, and health issues have grown, China House kept a heavy hand in the sugar bowl. It became an occasional treat rather than a regular option. 

Soon, China House will be demolished in favour of a condo development. The neighbourhood's biggest loss may be the decor, with it's bridge and pond and indoor trees. I hear that management is looking for a new home. May I humbly suggest Forest Hill Village, where I can guarantee it will be packed, at least on Christmas Day?
