kABF0hYfAEnl166mn1zR1A I saw all these great reviews, was given a recommendation, and thought I'd give "The Noodle Man" on South Rainbow a try. It was a huge let down. 

The restaurant is a little hole in the wall place with about five tables of four that could be broken up into tables of two. There is bar space with a view of the chef's preparing your meal. Every time someone opens the door to the restaurant, it is slightly obtrusive, especially at sunset around dinner time. The restaurant is clean and comfortable. The staff is nice, and overall the restaurant has an appealing look.

We started with the Mongolian beef pancakes, which have a soft beef patty inside a crispy breading. Honestly, this was the absolute best part of our meal. If you try nothing else, you need to try this!

Next, we ordered two soups. I ordered the Beef Brisket w/ Tomato Noodle and he ordered the Hot and Spicy Noodle. They came out rather quickly. Mine was good, but lacking in something - not sure what exactly. The noodles were good. It just didn't taste like it was finished. I think maybe some more spices would make this better. I am not sure, however, that they know how to use their spices for flavor because he had the hot and spicy noodle and it was too spicy to eat. Now don't get me wrong, we both like spicy food. This was just a soup mess of spice with floating noodles. Incidentally, one splash of those spices while eating the noodles took his eye out for the evening. Oops! But, he said the bathroom was very clean. 

As a result, he order some pork dumplings to satisfy his need for nourishment. They come prepared two different ways - boiled or fried. He ordered fried and they were good.

Here is the kicker - most restaurants provide unlimited refills of iced-tea. Most Chinese restaurants I have been to do as well. I can even get unlimited hot tea at all of them. Unfortunately, this is not the case here. When I ordered my iced tea, I was asked if I wanted green tea or say honey lemon because, "the green tea has no sugar, it is plain." I thought, well... the honey lemon sounds refreshing, so I took her up on her tip. He ordered a mango flavored iced tea. The teas were poured in the back and brought out in iced to-go cups. There was so much ice that you could take maybe four sips before reaching empty. But, no problem... just ask for more, right?

Our bill for iced tea for two people was $17.50. Yup - and I didn't even get a buzz. Other than that, the rest of the bill was another $27.00. That's right all our food was only $27.00. 

I truly believe that part of service includes being knowledgeable about the menu and advising your guests about those menu specifics. I don't think it would have taken much for our server to ask if we wanted to ORDER another drink. There is key language that could have respectfully signaled the fact that drinks are not offered as refills. If all else fails after three maybe someone should have bluntly said, "fyi... those iced teas are $3.50 each!"
