kABF0hYfAEnl166mn1zR1A I really hate leaving bad reviews. I prefer to not leave a review if it's bad but the way they were so nonchalant about having bad service just appalled me. 
We came here with a party of 5 and ordered a bunch of dishes for everyone and some appetizers. The appetizers consisted of spicy wontons, beef pancake, and fried dumplings. After what seemed like forever all of our main dishes started to come out first, which we didn't really mind because we were all starving. When we received rude looks because we asked them for a fork more than once I already knew this wasn't going to be a good experience. When we were half done with the meal the appetizers came. First the pancakes and then the spicy wontons. The fried dumplings never came. So when we were almost done with the meal we asked our server about the dumplings and said if they were not ready, we would like to cancel them. We watched her go to the back and tell the lady cooking to make some dumplings. As our server is walking back we see the lady throw  some dumplings into the pan. The server returns and says 2 minutes. To which we replied that we were done with our meal already and you just started cooking the dumplings. We want to cancel them. She actually had the nerve to tell us to take it to go. Are you serious? You forget our order and instead of canceling it you try to cook them and force it on us. We were adamant about canceling and after a few dirty looks from the staff she assured us it was canceled. 
We got the check and boxes. We paid the bill and we were getting ready to leave but since it was a hot day we decided to order a few teas to go. We ordered two honey black teas and one honey green tea to go. Now mind you the drinks we ordered with our meal came within a couple minutes of us ordering so we expected this to be pretty quick. After waiting about ten minutes what seems like the head server or manager walked by. We stopped him and asked about our teas. He went to the back and came back and said she's making it. It'll take two minutes. Who is she? Whoever she is isn't doing anything because the teas literally take a minute to pour over ice and pump with honey or whatever they do. So after another 10 minutes for a total of 20 minutes of waiting for some iced tea we got up and said forget it to which the manager just nodded his head as if he knew the whole time we weren't going to get our tea. That's just horrible. No apologies. Not even a recognition of how terrible the service and wait time was. Just a nod. 
Now I know that on this side of town there are not many options and this new "hand pulled homemade" noodles thing is kind of cool for people. (And not one single noodle was made fresh or hand pulled while we were there because there's a window for you to watch and we didn't see anything the whole time. ) There are way better places just a 10 minute drive away in Chinatown. Places that care about your time and care if you enjoyed your meal or not. I don't know if they think they don't need to care because they are busy but I don't think their supposed handmade mushy noodles are worth the insult.
