khxjYMwb_V8UovvwPVhysw First to review!

Well, this is the new business in the old Krispy Kreme spot.  I was excited when I saw something new was opening and couldn't wait to try it out with my 2 daughters who both love Asian food.  We decided to stop by for dinner tonight since it just opened either today or yesterday.

Let's start with the Pros:
1. Friendly staff
2. Delicious food!

My daughters both ordered the children's orange chicken with white rice ($5.99 each)  Their dinner was a perfect portion size for them each with lots of chicken and other vegetables.  The chicken was really good, not the overly deep fried stuff you get from the other Asian place over on 27th Drive near Mountainside.  (That place has more fried coating than it does actual chicken).  They both loved their meals.

I ordered Chicken Lo Mei (soft noodles) for $7.99.  It was delicious as well!  I normally order Kung Pao Chicken with rice, but I'm glad I decided to try something new today.  I would definitely order it again.


And now the cons:
1. I know this is dumb, but I have a huge pet peeve about businesses that have grammatical or spelling mistakes.  It just looks unprofessional.  And hand written signs, too.  They had a sign inside that said, "Please wait for seatting."


2. I think it's a bit overpriced/expensive.
It's tiny inside and I think I was expecting more of a take-out place.  There are only 8 tables inside so I really wouldn't think of this as a sit down restaurant.  But their prices are comparable to PF Changs (from their website)
PF Chang's Lettuce Wraps $7.95
Hong Kong's Lettuce Wraps $7.99

PF Chang's Kids Sweet & Sour Chicken $4.95
Hong Kong's Kids Sweet & Sour Chicken $5.99

Some of their other main dishes are about $2-$3 cheaper than PF Changs.  I would say the majority of Hong Kong's dishes range from $9-$12 each.
There is a huge difference in the decor/ambiance of going to dinner at Changs or coming here.  Don't get me wrong, the food is yummy, I just was a little surprised by their prices.


I would definitely come here again.  However, with the prices as high as they are, I wouldn't come here often.
