kICgNgVRkIh4doz0atyMMA 3.68991234 stars.  I have some serious personal issues with spending as much as I did on Chinese food for 2.  I just imagine my Taiwanese mother looking at this menu and freaking over things like $18 stir fried noodles (with no meat nonetheless) and $28 for essentially 8 dumplings (albeit very good ones) .  But alas...happy wife, happy life!  She really enjoyed the dinner and preferred this over Tao.  I disagree.  

Don't get me wrong.  There were a couple of excellent dishes but it's simply the principle of paying this much for it that endlessly irks me.  So let's start with those:

OUTSTANDING DISHES:

Crispy Duck Salad:  My Hakkasan host recommended this dish to me a week before.  The server said it was her favorite thing on the menu.  Who am I to argue?  It was the best thing we had.  The duck was cooked perfectly and combining it with greens, pomegranate, pomelo and pine nuts made for a super tasty dish.  I am pretty sure I will order this every time I dine here.  It won't be many more unless I am getting comped but this is a MUST HAVE.  

Stir-fried Black Pepper Beef Ribeye with Merlot:  Love Me Tender.  Tender is the night.  Tender Love.  Time, Love and Tenderness.  Tenderoni.  I would've included "Try a Little Tenderness" but there was nothing little about this.  It was A LOT of tenderness.  Every freakin morsel was juicy and delectable.  I also liked that they included big pieces of garlic mixed in.  To fully enjoy this dish, you should order a side of jasmine rice for $2.  

DECENT:

Hakka Steamed Dim Sum Platter:  I won't go into the names of them all but there was shrimp, fish, scallop and duck.  The fish was ground up and then secured in a black squid ink wrap.  The scallop had a little ikura on top which was a nice touch.  I chose to eat the majority of these dumplings straight without sauce to get the full taste of it.  They offered 3 sauces with them but vinegar would have been nice as Yelper Cynthia C. mentioned in her review.

The cocktails were also decent but I forget the names of them.

DON'T EVEN BOTHER:

To sum it up, go for the stuff you can't get in a regular above average Chinese restaurant. 

Four Style Vegetable in sweet Szechuan sauce:  I didn't plan on ordering this but the server recommended it.  We had also been eating a little more unhealthy than usual that week so both of us thought a few veggies would help.  This was a joke.  The sweet and spice didn't work and the medley of asparagus, shimeji mushroom, yam bean (had the consistency of apple) and tofu was weird for me.  

Hakka noodle with mushrooms and Chinese chive: I was recommended this dish before coming and I got it even though I was still skeptical.  This would've been good if it were $5 but not $18.  

The food wasn't the only thing going on here.  I liked how the tables were sectioned off to handle small and larger parties.  The atmosphere was pretty chill at the time we were there (7pm Saturday) but I imagine it might get a little more rockin later in the evening.  The service was surprisingly excellent and our main server was incredibly nice.  They also offered some tasting courses that looked pretty interesting but you had to have a minimum of 4 to do it.  

I don't regret coming here but there are a lot of better options at this price point in the MGM like Craftsteak.
