kICgNgVRkIh4doz0atyMMA Let me just start off by saying that I loved my experience at the Hakkasan Restaurant! I'm very glad my promoter suggested this place to dine at before clubbing at Hakkasan (Nervo was playing and the girls were AWESOME!). Prior to actually going, I yelped the restaurant and already had some dishes in mind that I wanted to try. Get ready for a pretty detailed review! :P

The food:
When I read the reviews online, I was slightly misled (at least for us). I read many reviews that stated the portions were small and that you need to order a lot to fill yourself up. As a result, I came in with the mindset that I had to order a lot and stick to proteins. However, the waitress suggested for us to "order down" because everyone's appetite is different. We ended up getting food from 3 different categories: 

1. Crispy duck salad $28 (under "Small Eat") 
2. Jasmine tea-smoked beef short rib $26 (under "Small Eat" as well) 
3. Stir-fry black pepper beef ribeye with merlot $37 (under "Meat")
4. Hakka noodle with mushrooms and Chinese chive $18 (under "Noodles and Rice")  

The crispy duck salad was super delicious (many Yelp reviewers will agree). And the portion was actually pretty decent for a salad. The Jasmine tea-smoked beef short rib was also pretty good. The meat was juicy, slid right off the bone and also decent size for something under "Small Eat". The Stir-fry black pepper beef ribeye with merlot was alright. The meat came in chunks  and were served with a- (excuse me for the lack of a better way at explaining this. Refer to my pictures) white, crispy chip in the shape of a cone.  The cone chip was actually pretty much tasteless but not so bad because 1) Chips like these are typically served slightly flavored or not at all. It just depends on personal preference. I personally like them slightly salted. But I just broke up pieces from the cone and ate them with the meat chunks to give them some flavor and they were fine this way. However, we didn't care as much for this dish as we did the others. Finally, we also got the Hakka noodle with mushrooms and Chinese chives. It was pretty good and got a kick to it (aka spicy). This dish is also decently sized. I am so glad we listened to the waitress and didn't order more because even though we only ordered 4 items on the menu, we were struggling to finish. 

*Side note: I don't normally eat large portions. So what we ordered were more than enough for me. However, the waitress reassured us that it's understandable for us to order and eat the amount we did. Some people just eat way too much and are used to the American way of dining- everything in big portions. Take her advice and "order down" first! You can always order more food later if you don't feel like you're full yet.

Service:
Our waitress, Leigh, was very helpful and patient. We told her it was our first time dining with the restaurant and asked many questions. However, she answered everything to the best of her ability and I'm glad we listened to her and didn't try to order more. The 4 courses were split up into two rounds. With each round, Leigh always came over and transferred the food from the dishes themselves to our own plates. We also got new plates and utensils to use prior to the second round of foods. Not going to lie- the service made us feel like we were royalties :) 

The restaurant itself & the crowd:
-It was slightly dark but not to the point where I can't see my menu or what's in front of me
-The greeters, hostess, and waitress were all very friendly
-Everyone was in their nice attires (suits & dresses)
-Crowd (from what I can see): businessman, couples, and families.

The restrooms (YES, they get their own section!):
Even before reaching the women's restroom, someone greeted me at the door and opened the door for me. I went in and LOVED how the stalls were completely "sealed". No more awkwardly trying to use the stalls while you see someone else's legs. I loved the privacy. When I went to the sinks and finished washing my hands, I noticed the towels to wipe your hands stacked in the shape of little pyramids. There's also hand soap and matching scents lotion at each sink. Also, there were no dirt marks left anywhere or random pieces of tissues left on the ground anywhere. Definitely very pleased with the restroom's cleanness and quality.  

Pricing: 
If you are looking for a cheap, quick place to eat at, you are in the wrong place. However, you definitely get what you paid for. The quality matched the price (and portion-wise...at least for the items we've ordered thus far). I definitely recommend people to try it at least once while they are in Vegas. I personally will gladly come again to try some other dishes because the food was that great!
