kICgNgVRkIh4doz0atyMMA First the good, the food was delicious. Everyone at our table enjoyed the summer menu, which is a prix fixe menu that also includes a cocktail. No complaints here, the duck salad and dim sum were worth the visit. The salad was the overall table favorite. The entrees were balanced and had great flavor. My future Son-in-law who apparently hates green beans annihilated their stir-fried green beans, and is currently reconsidering his hatred, so that's a win! Dessert was delish and the cocktails were strong.

Soooo...the not so good. When we arrived and were perusing the menu the bus person overheard us and let us know that everything listed was included with the summer menu. (Which, by the way, the busser was about 1000x's more personable than our server) Well...when we ordered our server indicated that was not the case and that we could make one selection from each category. But that he "would check" to see if that was the case?? Now normally I wouldn't balk at this kind of thing. However,  when your getting ready to drop a CAR PAYMENT on dinner I feel like you can do a sister a solid and go ahead and throw in a cup and 1/2 of pork and some veggies, I mean really. Not to mention, the server should know without having to double-check. Well, we ended up getting everything, and it would have felt pretty chintzy had we not. 

The worst...as dinner was winding down, I ordered a second cocktail. I waited through the entrees, AND dessert, AND had to ask again, then completed dessert, and was getting really annoyed. I decided at that point I wasn't going to receive the drink but also was not going to pay for it!! Our server was MIA. Finally it arrives when we were pretty much ready to leave. I normally do not let these things get to me, and would remain pretty zen about it. However, at this price point I expect service to be spot on. When the cocktails cost more than MANY people make in an hour, I don't find it unreasonable to expect it to arrive in a timely manner and/or to be comped or at least an apology if was completely forgotten. None of those things happened  

If this were Applebees I would probably just shrug and say "oh well". But, like I said at this price point your paying for not only the food but the experience and ours was so-so.
