KkmSbkWOWC3DtY-Sxa9PmQ Found this place today by Googling "$5 lunch Peoria AZ"...and the Yelp link popped up.  It was a bit out of my way, but I had the time today, so I thought, "what the heck!  It got good reviews!"

From the looks of the building and surrounding businesses, I was a bit leary, but most Yelpers gave this place 5 stars, so I had to give it a try. (that's why we "yelp" this stuff, right?"

The place was much nicer inside than judging from the outside. It was pretty nice inside - not dark, dreary, or stinky!  Quite the opposite! 

The place was bustling with activity; waitresses were busy serving and seating the lunch crowd.  The place was hopping and continued to throughout my 30 minute lunch.

After placing my order of Moo Goo Gui Pan, a bowl of egg-drop soup quickly arrived (it did not mention soup on the menu).  It was just ok.  It was simply broth and egg. No standard peas or carrots in my bowl. It had little to no taste, but a bit of Soy sauce fixed that.  The thing I DID like about the soup, was that it came PIPPING hot, little fried wontons on top of it, and served with WARM sweet and sour sauce - and my favorite kind too! (I like the red, not the orange sauce).  That was a nice bonus!  

My food was delivered very fast and again, PIPPING HOT.  The serving size was nice and the presentation was nice too.  Came with an egg-roll and one fried wonton.  The flavor was VERY good...nice and garlic'ly!  Extra points for FRESH mushrooms, too!

The waitress never came back to check on me and no hot mustard was on any of the tables nor offered to me...tried to catch a waitress, but was unsuccessful.

The food, ambiance, flavor, service was very good. I would recommend this place...and the price was $4.85!!!

Since this place was a bit further than I like to drive at lunchtime, I will stick my my old fav, Shangri-La on 59th Ave.   Much better soup and not in the 'hood.  I'll gladly pay the extra buck.

If you are in the neighborhood of Peoria Ave and 75th Ave....stop in any give this place a try.
