Kn57RIWAdnVfJHI1loLXOQ My parents and I got takeout from Super Hakka recently and I am in love with this place!!

So they have really awesome lunch specials ($5.95-$6.75) where you get to choose a main course and either a vegetarian spring roll, chicken hot and sour soup, chicken corn soup, a can of pop, or a cup of tea.

So we got a Chili Chicken (dry), a Chili Beef (with gravy) and a Chicken Cantonese Chow Mein (they were $5.95 each).  We chose 2 chicken hot and sour soups and a chicken corn soup.  We also got an order of Chicken Pakora (12 pieces for $8.75).

The portions are huge!  I am a voracious eater and I couldn't finish a portion (!) 

The Chili Chicken was delicious.  The chicken was lightly breaded and deep fried.  The chili flavour was intense and wasn't just on the outside, the flavour penetrated the meat.  I could eat this for every meal for a week!  

The Chili Beef was not battered, and it was covered in rich gravy.  The beef was tender and the gravy was not too salty.  It was excellent but I prefer my Hakka Chili dishes dry instead of with gravy.

The Chicken Cantonese Chow Mein was very good.  Lots of chicken breast meat, and veggies (broccoli, carrots and mushrooms).  The sauce was not too salty.  The noodles were nicely done.

The Chicken Pakoras were big (like the size of a golf ball) and full of tandoori chicken meat.  They were a little greasy, but that is the nature of this dish.   

The chicken hot and sour soup was so good.  It was really spicy and full of stuff: cubes of chicken, cubes of tofu, bamboo, carrots, and black cloud fungus.  The broth was the right thickness, not too runny, but not too gelatinous.  I did find a strand of very long straight black hair partially sticking out of the soup though.  Yes, this is gross, but it was definitely a head hair and not hair from other parts of the body (I shudder at the thought of the latter).  And the food here is so good, I just put the soup into a microwavable bowl and microwaved the heck out of it (after I removed the hair).  Apart from the ick factor with regards to the hair, this hot and sour soup was probably one of the best hot and sour soups I've ever had.  The kitchen staff really need to wear hair nets!  

Anyway, the food was really good and the prices are awesome.  I'm hoping the hair situation was a one off.  Minus one star for the hair thing, if it wasn't for that this would be 5 stars for sure!
