Kn57RIWAdnVfJHI1loLXOQ I came with mediocre expectations of Super Hakka.  This restaurant managed to destroy even the most mediocre of expectations. 

In restaurant:
Semi attentive staff, too busy with themselves than the customer, and yes, they do have their favorites who they will get to immediately, since we were new to this restaurant, it seems like we did not make the favorite customer list.  I have not seen service this spotty since Jack Astors first restaurants in Toronto. 

The food:  Let's start with the menu, all the repasts that you expect are here, there's a plethora of choices.   The food is satisfactory at best, watch your plate, you may end up with chilli chicken instead of chilli beef, manchurian fried rice is not what you normally expect and the dumbed down versions of chicken pakora sold here are, to quote a teenager "meh!"  Portions are large, typical hakka family style.  The biggest gripe is the staff working there, they have no sense of customer service or the concept that diners waiting long enough will eventually lose their appetite.  Compounding this further is the fact that the staff at this restaurant consider restaurant with 12 customers to be "really busy".  Don't get me wrong, the food has some brilliant moments, however, this is far overshadowed by the abysmal service. 

Additional services:  This restaurant touts that they deliver, this is NOT the case.  I have logged no less than 6 attempts at trying to get delivery, out of 6 attempts, delivery was made ONCE.  Of the one time that they did deliver, I received, once again, chilli chicken instead of chilli beef, they also leave fast hence you will not have a chance to verify albeit, the driver was quite friendly.   Of the other 5 times I called and asked for delivery, I was told they will not deliver because they were "too busy".  Hence that is 5 times that orders no less than $60 plus tips were passed up, sound business decision?  I think not.  Think about it, if the service outside the restaurant is this bad, why would you even want to go in?

So it's one star at best and I will extol that Yelp does not allow zero star ratings contributing to my quite generous rating.   If you are looking for a restaurant that exemplifies the fact that service can be thus bad that it will overshadow the food, look no further, Super Hakka is exactly that place.
