Knnc473zh8m7IBC0oLTHkg I've invented an invisibility formula. Sort of. 

From now on whenever I don't want to be seen or talked to I'm going to go to the P. F. Chang's at Planet Hollywood in Vegas. My wife and I were shown to a table fairly quickly, which was good. But I was convinced that we were going to witness the second coming of Christ before a server approached our table. This was bad. We had just been book shopping before coming in here and I was thinking that maybe I had time to read my new book before we were waited on. I could have written one.

A waiter, suddenly remembering that he had a job, finally came to our table and thanked us for our patience. There was no apology offered for our wait. Just an 'Atta boy' for hanging in there. He asked if he could start us off with some drinks but since we already had an eon to stare at the menu we were able to give our full order right away. I ordered the Chang's Spicy Chicken because there's nothing like sweet & spicy chili sauce when you're feeling ill-tempered. I didn't even bother to take a picture of my food to go along with this review. So if you've never seen what spicy chicken looks like - or a bottle of Budweiser, than I'm sorry to disappoint. But whenever I can't give you a picture - I WILL give you a thousand words.

Everything started to proceed somewhat swimmingly from here -  and 'swimmingly' isn't a word I use very often so that's a testament to how much better things really were going. We got our food pretty quickly and it was good. The waiter even came by asking if he could get me another beer. He was probably trying to get me drunk in hopes that it would increase his chances of getting a decent tip (didn't happen).

Then the invisibility formula kicked in again and we could no longer be seen or heard for another extended period of time. My wife asked if I wanted to get dessert but I was worried that might take another eight hours. I just wanted to pay the bill (or the 'check' as Americans so charmingly call it) and get out. We were finally able to get the waiter's attention and hand him our credit card. He disappeared without a trace for about ten minutes or so. I was starting to think that they truly didn't want us to leave. This must be how Henley and Frey felt when they wrote "Hotel California." And Don Felder too. A staff member eventually approached us and said that their credit card machine was down and that they were waiting for it to come back online. Later on it did. And we left - never to return.

"Hotel California" has always been a work of mystery with no one truly knowing what the lyrics are really about. I do. Me, P. F. Chang, and I suspect - H. G. Wells. Along with Henley and Frey, of course. And Don Felder too.
