kP2wC0luve3mT5fcdrA3nQ I went to China Village for the first time today.  I was going to order my regular Mongolian Beef from Pei Wei, but I had a hankerin' for an egg roll and some egg drop soup, too.  It was lunchtime during the week, so I figured I could find a place with a lunch special which included all of those things.  I came across great reviews for China Village on Yelp, and did not feel compelled to look elsewhere.

I couldn't find a comprehensive (or solely take-out) menu online, so I ordered carry-out inside the restaurant.  The building is lilac, and boasts 2 signs out front.  The aroma once stepping inside was delicious!  I was greeted immediately upon my entrance, and asked the hostess for a takeout menu.  She was very kind, warm, didn't rush me, but waited at the register while I decided what to order.  

I did not find exactly what I was looking for.  The lunch menu had 20 entrée possibilities, ranging in price from $6.50 to $7.75, which included a vegetable egg roll, fried wonton, and fried rice.  No soup.  There was a rather comprehensive soup section in the menu (sizzling rice, wor wonton, hot & sour, egg flower, corn & cream, vegetables & bean curd, seafood), ranging in price from $6.25 to $7.95: one size only.  I asked the hostess if they had a smaller size soup - as I wasn't about to pay $7 for my lunch and another $7 for a gallon of soup - and she said that the smaller size is $5 and that it's better to get the larger size (demonstrating the difference in sizes with her hands).  To me, $5.00 was still too much, so I abandoned the soup idea at that point.  I settled on the Mongolian Beef lunch special, and it was ready in no time.  Seriously, I read one email on my phone, and was in mid-response when my order was ready!  It also smelled heavenly.  

Upon returning to the office, I opened up the package, and actually laughed.  From reading other reviews on Yelp, I was expecting a feast of sorts.  Instead, I could barely see the egg roll, and the rice serving was a firm scoop.  One of the compartments in the serving tray was dedicated to sauces and fortune cookies (which I don't consider food).  I felt cheated, but the aroma was so inviting that I did not lose hope.  

I tried the egg roll first.  It was light, juicy, and so so so flavorful!  I had never tasted one like this before.  My perspective began to change.  I am, traditionally, one who goes for cheap food, which frequently runs the risk of being nasty and/or dry.  So, it was very possible I was out of my element with China Village.  After finishing the egg roll, I wished that they had included an entire compartment of them!  (Or just made them 12 times larger.)

Next up was the main entrée.  It had onions and green things (sorry, that's the best I can do) in it, which I quarantined to the non-food compartment.  The beef was thinly sliced and perfectly tender.  I felt ashamed eating it out of a Styrofoam container with a plastic fork.  The sauce was a savory, slightly sweet, gravy.  The fried rice had little highlights of egg in it, nothing else.  It, too, was perfectly moist.  After I had finished all of the beef, there still was ample sauce and rice left.  Until I ate it all, of course.  :-)

So, bottom line?  Although it was not what I was expecting (or looking for, to be honest), I would not hesitate to go there again.  It provided a level of pure food-eating-pleasure which I had never experienced with Chinese cuisine before.  I would highly recommend!
