KRoJhHyPWORMJn1UO5kAkA Food - ***
Service - *
We were in search of another restaurant to try near home.  Decided to use Yelp and saw that this place (hidden in an office building) had pretty good ratings for a Chinese restaurant so we gave it a try.  Don't follow Google Maps as it tells you to do a U-turn on Woodbine going north.  You can enter making a left at Hooper.

We were the first ones in at 5:45pm and we were greeted by a lady, unsmiling asking if we had made reservations.  We didn't and she proceeded to take us to a long table in the middle.  She plopped some menus down and as my grandma was looking one over, muttering to herself about what type of "dishes" this place served, I guess the lady overheard my grandma say, "Oh, must be Taiwanese food?" And she snapped, "No this is Cantonese food".  Wow.  My grandmother was just talking to herself.  You don't need to be rude about it.  

My grandma heard her say that and just stated that she saw the Taiwanese way of saying pineapple, and A-veggies that's why she thought Taiwanese and the lady just looked at her and restated that it was Cantonese food.

Food came and we ordered a fried noodle dish which was average, asked for the sauce on the side so that the noodles wouldn't get soggy.  Noodles were a bit on the oily side though (pool of oil at the bottom of the plate).  Eggplant and ground pork dish was pretty good flavour-wise, but way too much thick sauce.  The olive, honey ribs were pretty good taste-wish, but again the sauce was so thick!  The same ribs are made at Golden Duke Restaurant and they're drier, less mucky.  The HK tea wasn't too bad.

Again, the lady's service was scary.  I didn't want to ask her for things because she just seemed so mean.  I didn't want her to snap my head off.  I even avoided asking for hot water for my baby's cereal and ended up using the cold water from his water bottle.  When I asked her for at teaspoon (<U+8336><U+7FB9>.)she snaps, "<U+9435><U+5319><U+7FB9>" Wow.

All of the things brought to our table were put on the furthest corner!  Why?  My tea was placed all the way on the other side so I had to walk over to get it (my baby was beside me).  She saw me do this, but she brought the sugar later (after I had to ask if it was already added) and put it in that same corner!

The last thing that was disturbing was that I heard what sounded like nail clipping in the back!  Click click click... Gross.

The restaurant did fill up, but I guess the guests are used to the poor service.  Next time (if there is a next time), we may need to get the less saucy dishes.
