KzLjbXEDH1e1WrfzrrzZKw Road Trip Dinner #2 - Pittsburgh, PA

After a day spent going to and visiting Fallingwater, my parents and I decided to stop in Pittsburgh for dinner.  They wanted Chinese, and since we were parked nearby, we pretty much stumbled onto this restaurant by default.

The restaurant doesn't look too promising at the start.  It's a big restaurant by American-Chinese food standards, and most of it was sitting empty.   A look through the menu wasn't too promising, either.  It revealed a restaurant trying to attract a broad customer base by including many different cuisines.  The skeptic in me believes that any restaurant that tries to branch into different cuisines is usually not good at any of them.  On the other hand, American-Chinese isn't a great cuisine to begin with, so if 

The Fujianese owner spoke some halting Mandarin, so we couldn't communicate as much as we'd like to.  Luckily, the waitress did speak good enough Mandarin, so we were able to tell her what we wanted.  

First off, cooked vegetables for my mother (of course).  The restaurant had a pleasant treat for us: yu choy (or choy sum), a Cantonese vegetable that's rarely encountered in any American-Chinese restaurant.  We got a big plate of the yu choy that was cooked not too greasily and flavored nicely and subtly.

We also started our meal off with three bowls of hot and sour soup.  My mother remarked that the tofu in the soup was very fresh, which was good news for our next dish.

The mapo tofu was fresh, spicy, and very well cooked.  

We also ordered the pepper steak, and it was not bad.  The beef was fresh and cooked well, but the dish wasn't very remarkable otherwise.

Overall, the restaurant offered a nice surprise to a few weary travelers looking for some decent Chinese food.  **Advice when eating at all American-Chinese restaurants: ask the restaurant to cook your food in less oil/salt.** 

The restaurant also offers Japanese cuisine (definitely) and Thai cuisine (maybe, I don't remember) on their menu.  I didn't try either of them, so I can't comment.

Overall, my favorite part of the restaurant was probably the decor.  I liked the high ceilings, muted aquamarine color scheme, and the tall windows overlooking the city streets.  When I think of a restaurant located around the downtown office buildings of a mid-sized American city, somehow, this restaurant's setting is exactly what I think of.  Get yourself a booth next to the windows and relax in the urban setting around you.
