1ZnVfS-qP19upP_fwOhZsA The price for all the food selection is descent. Everything is under $12 and the portions that are given are generous. The only thing price wise that I believe didn't make sense was the fact that my fried fish dish didn't come with rice so they charged me an extra dollar for a side of rice. Most Asian restaurants have the protein come alongside with the rice. But it was still fine. I just found it odd.
My husband ordered the beef tendon noodle soup. He said it lacked flavor but he asked for soy sauce and sriracha which was an easy fix.
We ordered the chicken wings for an appetizer. It was crispy and good.
It was packed in this little restaurant but the food came out in a timely manner. My food came out a little bit later than my husband's, but I was fine because I wasn't at the point of being hangry, HAHA.
Anyway. The reason why I would give this place 3 stars instead of 4 is because it was hard to enjoy the meal due to the people yelling in the kitchen. There was a man yelling at all of the kitchen staff very aggressively. He kept yelling for the cooks to hurry up and same with the food runners. I suppose there was a moment when the cooks asked for the next order and the main man who was yelling yelled at the server, "SPIT IT OUT! THEY'RE READY!" Really? Just looking and hearing from the outside, it is like their establishment is noy organized at all. I work in a restaurant too so I know how it feels to be under pressure and I know myself that I could not handle a work enviornment like that.
As my husband and I continued eating, I even heard the lady who took my order yelling. She told the staff that how busy it was today compared to Christmas is nothing. She yelled, "If you guys can handle Christmas, you can handle this too!"
It just didn't give a professional outlook. When I went to the front to pay, I asked him to break my 20 dollar bill so I can tip and he didn't have cash in the drawer so he pulled out his wallet to give me change. I was stunned. I had never seen when employees have to use their own money for exchanging for change for the customers.
All in all, if you want something cheap that is not fast food, then I would say this place is for you. But be warned that it is not professional and their service is very quick paced and they do not come back to check on you. And the kitchen is very noisy with everyone yelling at each other about what orders they need and what needs to be done rather than just getting things done.
