KzLjbXEDH1e1WrfzrrzZKw With today being National Chopstick Day, I braved the frigid, 11 degree, February cold for a Chinese lunch at the Mandarin Gourmet.  This spacious restaurant was already getting a respectable crowd when I walked in around noon-time. I was quickly seated at a booth and given a menu to look over.

The lunch specials seemed very reasonably priced and I looked over my choices hoping to see chicken or beef lo-mien. Discovering that that wasn't an option I decided on the sweat n' sour shrimp with a bowl of hot n' sour soup. 

A tin pot of hot tea was placed at my table and I thought, "What a nice touch". My hot and sour soup followed shortly behind. 

The soup was thick with tofu and the broth of the soup had almost a syrupy consistency (in a good way).  I was beginning to like this place. It didn't take very long for the main dish to arrive and it came beautifully presented. I was really believing that this place was a new gem that I discovered then I took a bite into one of the sweet n sour shrimp rings and was oh so totally disappointed. 

Remember that old commercial "Where's the beef"? Well that's almost what went through my mind... "Where's the shrimp?" All you could taste and all you could see was this doughy coating.  I decided to dissect one of the rings and I was able to locate the tiniest, shrimpiest of shrimp. Don't believe me?  Take a look at the pic I took of it. It's that mess on the napkin. The shrimp is on top and the dough is on the bottom.

I looked over at another table and there was a gentleman who got a broccoli and shrimp dish and his shrimp were big and plump and healthy looking compared what I got. I guess since his shrimp wasn't wearing a doughy disguise and were in plain view, the proprietors of the Mandarin Gourmet felt that they couldn't get away with serving the sickliest of shrimp to him. 

Judging by what I saw on the plates of other patrons and from the crowd that they get, I'm thinking that I just choose the wrong dish today. I'm planning on coming back sometime soon and trying a menu item that doesn't have the opportunity to camouflage itself and perhaps boost my rating of this place. But as for now, it's a definite two star as far as I'm concerned.
