l5NUIeAo6Fk-Vx4nm3Xqfg I have been here a few times. 

Each time I went the food was actually really good, so I decided to order catering, being that the food was really good and the service was good the last few times I went.

Apparently the service changed, and this is where they lose me as a customer.

A few days ago I tried to order catering from this company for a small party.

My husband had gone into the restaurant 2 days prior to me ordering, just to check out the catering prices. They had a new menu posted on their wall inside the restaurant, the man at the counter even pointed it out to my husband and said "these are our new catering prices". The prices on the menu had the tax included on them, so we knew exactly what to expect for our budget.
My husband even took a picture on his phone, and showed it to me when he got home.

So a few days later, I called them and kept the order simple, ordered five trays: 
two types of rice, two types of meat and noodles.

When the lady on the phone told me the total, I was in awe!

I did the math by the prices on their new menu, added the delivery charge, and tax, and the order was way off....by almost $70!!

When I requested that she repeat everything back to me, she broke the charges down by what I ordered and the prices were NOT what they had posted on their menu, they were higher.

I confronted her and told her that the charges she quoted me were not the prices that  they had on their menu and that my husband was in there a few days ago.

She laughed and said that is not what they have on their wall.

When I told my husband the total he was enraged.

My husband got on the phone and asked to speak to a manager.

A guy came on the phone, let my husband tell him the problem, and then said "We give you special price" and quoted him a different price, that was still higher than what they had posted on their wall. 

My husband said "That is not what you have posted on your wall in your restaurant, I was over there 2 days ago, all we want is the price you have advertised".

The man said that they cannot give us that price, he didn't even explain why.

The man on the phone sounded like he didn't even care, he didn't even try to help us.

So we told them no way, and cancelled the order.

They have lost me as a customer. 

I am not going back there. 

If they screw up like that, it makes me wonder how future orders would have been for me.

I'm not asking for much. I just wanted some good chinese food for my party and now I have to start from scratch.

There are hundreds of other restaurants in this town, and I am definitley going somewhere else!!
