L7iOEZLuvd3vHoX8Efi_hw The only reason I'm not giving this place a 1-star is that I'm saving it for its neighbor-restaurant upstairs in the same plaza, with the atrociously rude waiters. But that's a tale for another review.

My parents and I came into this place because we were so frustrated after trying to get a table at the other place, and indeed we were seated pretty quickly. This was the second time my parents have been there, the first for me. 

There were a decent amount of people there... I'd say the restaurant was at about 70% capacity. And there were no shortage of waiters and waitresses, but somehow everyone who served us seemed flustered, like they didn't know how to cope with so much business! (This was on maybe the 28th of December, so probably pre-New Year's influx of tourists)

Also, the menu frustrated me. I'm a vegetarian, so when I saw "Vegetable soup wonton" in english ("Ji cai won ton" is what it said in chinese), I figured it'd be a safe bet. Except that when my wonton soup arrived it was like 90% meat and 10% vegetable filling. I ended up drinking the soup around the wontons and eating the wonton skins. I'm sure it would have been delicious if only I could have EATEN IT. :(

They were out of a bunch of stuff, just seemed really disorganized in general, and to make things worse, what my dad ordered, shao bing (the flaky pastry) you tiao (fried dough stick/chinese doughnut)and xian dou jiang (salty soymilk, literally translated) were really really subpar. The shao bing wasn't precut, the you tiao was UNDERCOOKED, and the xian dou jiang had no flavor.

All in all, a very sad meal, especially since it was really expensive for the amounts of food we got (not even going to talk about how expensive it was for the amount of food we ATE).

If you're in Vegas on vacation and trying to avoid the buffet-traps of the strip without breaking the bank, DON'T COME HERE. I don't know about the other restaurants in Chinatown, but this one is just not worth your time.
