l9vx-OTdDPU-oHZ17aVxdg Sooo Happy Frederick FINALLY opened a new location! If anyone knows the Ghetto Hole in the wall that is the Scarborough Location this is like a breath of fresh air.....my only question about this location is why they didn't make it larger...but it's still better than the original!
For those of you who don't know about Fredrick's they specialize in Hakka Chinese Food which is Spicy Indian Style Chinese Food.

Our party of 5 arrived around 6:30pm on a Saturday and we could see the line up of people waiting for tables. FYI they don't take reservations unless your a group of 10+. I was a bit confused as to how you alert them you need a table as there is no hostess desk but I soon learned from the line up of customers that you either flag down a waiter or go to the cashier where people are getting take out orders and they will give you a number which you wait to be called.

Also the numbers they give you don't go in order, they call out numbers based on the table availability... so if a table for 2 opened up and your a table of 5 that couple of 2 who came after you may get a table before you. I could see the frustration in customers waiting in line not comprehending why others with higher numbers who came after them got a table before them.

Anywho we waited for about 35 minutes for a table. The food comes out super fast and they do table turnovers and clean up in lightning speed.

FYI No free refills here as Pop is served in the Can. They set the table with a pitcher of water and trust me the food is sooo spicy that water is greatly appreciated. We also ordered a green tea and they fill a mug of green tea and place it on the table and brought extra cups so we could all share. There green tea here is pretty tasty too!

This was our order

Deep Fried Wontons - addictive chicken wrapped wontons, crunchy and light
Deep Fried Dumplings - pork stuffed plump and delicious
Chicken Pakora - spicy battered chunks of chicken dotted with green chilies *must try
General Tao Chicken - chunks of chicken in a sweet sauce with red&green chilies
Chili Chicken Extra Spicy - battered&sauced chunks of chickens studded with green chilies and sauteed onions *there specialty ***spicy
Manchurian Mixed Chow Mein - spicy flat noodles with chicken & shrimps
Chicken Fried Rice
White Rice

Plus a green tea and 3 cans of pop the bill totaled less than 60 bucks!

We could not believe the amount of food we got! The portion sizes are enormous, you just need one order of each item so order lots of different items to share and try! We packed all the left overs to go which will be more than enough for dinner the next day! Despite the business and chaos of the restaurant the service is outstanding, we never felt rushed and waiters are always checking on you! Food comes out piping hot, fast, with hefty portions and all fresh ingredients and they don't skimp on those chilies either so beware if you ask for your meal Extra Spicy!
