Lfo8OEUIcswnMLIAXpFWYg I'm giving this place 5 stars for several reasons.  Under normal circumstances I would rate the food a 3-4, but I'm giving them an extra star for service AND an extra star for transparency (I shall explain below).  

Here's the deal.  I love my asian food more than most and in particular I grew up eating some of the most amazing Chinese in Philadelphia because my dad's whole family worked at a Chinese restaurant.  We had it at least 2-3 times a week. My mom ate it when she was preggers with me and I think I have about a half a Chinese chromosome because of that.  That said, I'm usually pretty discerning about Chinese food and in most cases I'm hyper critical of the fried rice and the lo mein.

My roommate wanted us to order from Kwan & Wok the other nite because it was raining, we were both feeling lazy and he wanted delivery.  I rallied for my fave Diamonds just down the street, but as it was Wednesday, they were closed. So I capitulated and said I'd give Kwan & Wok a try.  The roomie's had it before and loves that they deliver.  We didn't have a menu on-hand, but sure enough they have a very efficient little website with clear images of their menu.  Nice! Everything we ordered was from this page:  http://www.kwanandwok.com/menu6.html

Now my first reaction when I saw the website was "oh gross....they admit that this is Chinese FAST FOOD".  My roomie doesn't know from good Chinese and thinks that Panda Express is the bee's knees. We selected several items and called in our order: Egg Flower Soup, Pork Fried Rice, PorkEgg Foo Young and  House Lo Mein.  How long is the wait, I ask.  He says the guy said 45 minutes (and I grumble with the hungry grumpies), but I bet it'll be here sooner, my roomie speculates. Sure as sunshine in Arizona, the doorbell rings 20 minutes later and the order was 100% correct and faster than expected!

We unpack everything & everything looks great, smells delicious and tastes even better!  Bonus materials -- we got 1 1/2 cartons of white rice (I've noticed that my fave Diamonds does not give you white rice unless you specifically ask for it).  We also got a nice assortment of condiments, fortune cookies AND a free batch of crab puffs!  Score! K&W wins an extra star for service; (1) super fast delivery and (2) free goodies go a long way!

The egg foo young was AMAZING!!  The lo mein, awesome. The soup, good. The fried rice was actually OK, considering the name of the restaurant and here's where I'm giving another extra star for transparency.  Kwan & Wok doesn't portend to be a fancy-schmancy upscale joint. They don't even pretend to be pedestrian fare.  The actual name of the restaurant, as indicated on their website and menu is "Kwan & Wok Chinese Fast Food" -- and that's what it was.  I wouldn't go to McDonalds if I wanted Ruth's Chris and I wouldn't go to Pizzeria Bianco expecting Domino's schlock.  Kwan & Wok tells you right up front, "we are fast food" and that's what it is. For that matter, the food did arrive super fast AND frankly I think their Egg Foo Young & Lo Mein had better flavor than a lot of places I've tried.

I will definitely order from them again and hope that future experiences are consistent with my first, when I'm in the mood/need for Chinese Fast Food!
