LhsdQYqWqi0wJSJXJllELA Yum. Yum.  Yum.  Just polished off our first takeaway dinner from Karen Wong's, a 10 minute walk from our house.  That has to be some of the best casual Chinese food we've had in a looooong time.  

If you've read my other Edinburgh Chinese food review, you can understand that we've not eaten such food since moving here in February.

Here's what we ordered: 

Spring rolls:  generous portion size, crispy, great mild flavor.  

Cashew chicken:  husband demolished his, so I can't comment on the taste or quality, but he repeated said how great it was :)

Aubergine bean curd:  they customized the chicken with aubergine for me with bean curd, in a sweet bean sauce.  Can I just say how well aubergine & bean curd taste together with just the right sauce?  I'm not vegetarian, but this is one of my favorite Chinese dishes, so when I can't find it on a menu, I frequently try to order it anyway! Here it's listed under the poultry section of the menu, and I just asked for bean curd instead of chicken.  I don't know where they buy their bean curd, but it had a flavor I didn't recognize (and loved) and my only improvement on the dish would be more bean curd.

Sweet & sour chicken:  for the non-Chinese-food-eating (yet) daughters.  I don't fuss at them to order something else, because that is all I liked at Chinese restaurants at their age ..... um, probably until university I'm embarrassed to admit.

Side orders of rice & noodles:  don't order too many sides of rice, the portions are large.  I think one would have been enough for two adults. 

When we eat in, we're ordering dessert:  I will dream tonight about the toffee apples:  battered fried apple pieces wokked with sugar ..... mmmmmm.   And the various fruit fritters .....

As for the proprietress, she was charming and welcoming, and rather  interested in: 1) was I visiting Edinburgh (I'm American, and quite obviously so!)  2) where did I live?  3) how long would I be living here?  and  4) had I been in the establishment previously, as she did not remember me.    As I have variations of this conversation many times throughout any given day, I don't find it intrusive, just pleasantly friendly.  I would much rather do business in my general neighborhood with people I'm getting to know and who are getting to know me.  She seemed to know everyone else coming and going.

Planning to be regulars!



We're not terribly adventurous Chinese cuisine experts, so if you're looking for a review of something less pedestrian than this, keep looking.
