Lku_keJf44D0LxbRAIZOcg I brought my family to visit this restaurant after hearing another friend mentioning their Cantonese food was decent, and the result? I don't think we'll go back again. Why?

1. Food

We went for lunch but we didn't order any lunch special, as we'd like to order from the menu and enjoy their 'best possible'. We've been living in Guangdong and know how the catonese food should be. Maybe the expectation was a bit high, the real food was not even close to what I think it should be -- not just the taste, but the main ingredients are missing too. Like we ordered a pot with chicken, salted fish and Tofu, and I don't see any salted finish inside. And they cut the children to slices while it really should be diced for this dish. Very non-authentic! We also ordered 'peppered beef on the iron board', and I see way more onion and green pepper than beef. What the owner recommended was 'Eggplant with fish sause', a quite popular home dish in Caton. They must have used the wrong sause (again, ingredient), so the taste was not authentic either, and it was very greasy.

In summary, the taste of the food was very OK, and the serving amount of on the light side too. Compared to the serving size, ingredient they used and the taste, and price was surely not that great -- about $10-12 for each dish we ordered.

2. Service

We were there for a weekend lunch, and when we got there, we were probably the 3rd table they had. The wait for food was pretty long -- took about 20mins for our first dish to show up, and the last one didn't show up until we were almost all done (and it was too late to cancel that dish). They have about 10 tables so I can't imagine how long the wait will be during rush hours.

Also, the owner/waitor certainly didn't help much during the ordering process -- we ordered 2 similar dishes based on his recommendation, and we had a good amount left over after we were done. 

3. Parking

There is no parking right next to the restaurant, so you'd better have a UW parking permit, otherwise the walk could be long. I can see the students won't mind (as they are used to walk around campus), but if you are bringing family like I did, you may want to keep that in mind.

In summary, this restaurant offers some not-so-authentic Cantonese food that is close to UW campus. It could work well for people around campus who wants a switch from Subway, but not for family who knows how Cantonese food should taste like.
