LLCB372xpKhdISrLKU4Vkw So I get a text from my girl Shay "Karaoke TONIGHT @ Little Macau in Chinatown"  I jump on YELP to read the reviews for this place.  Reviews were ok, 3STARS mainly, if you looking for the MEGAstrip vibe then you might as well just go down to the strip.

A very low-key type of establishment, dark and cheap drinks, my personal opinion nothing fancy but a place to have fun with friends.  

NO FOOD, eat before you get here or just go to one of the many restaurants that are opened 'til the wee hours. 

Super selection for karaoke....HELLOOOO, where can you do a BAD rendition of Salt 'n Pepa's PUSH IT" i'm just saying.  I don't know if it's the same DJ every weekend but the DJ that was there tonight was awesome.  He played all popular line dance songs: THE WOOBLE, CUPID SHUFFLE and I LOOK GOOD. That's a workout in itself, who needs a Zumba DVD when you can go to the bar and sweat.  

NO COVER, once again I have to repeat CHEAP DRINKS: $4 mixed drinks, heavy pour I LOVE IT.  Towards the back of the bar there are couches to sit with a big group, kind of like a VIP area w/o having to pay the VIP FEE.
 
Here's the reason why I'm giving this place a rating of: 4STARS
Giving my drink order to the bartender, she starts coughing and SNEEZED.  In my head (and it probably was written all over my face) I was saying "she better was her hands before she makes my drink...

and that's what she did, she stepped away went to the bar sink and washed her hands with soap and water.  On top of that, got out the HAND SANITIZER and sanitized her hands.  Came back to complete my drink order, prior to asking me what my drink was she apologized and said "I had to wash my hands, I was coughing my badd"  Not only did I give a her a nice tip for the polite courtesy but it also up'd my star rating from 3STARS to 4STARS for Little Macau.

If you're looking for flashy, overpriced drinks, scantily clad women and  outrageous cover charge this is not the place.  Ok, maybe the scantily clad women but that's it.

If you're looking to kickback, crack jokes and hang with friends, have a good time then this is the place for you.  Throw on some shorts, a tank top and some sandals and go have a good time.  Sing a song or two...

OMG, how can I forget they have THE BEASTIE BOYS in the karaoke book. C'mon who doesn't like the BEASTIE BOYS? girl or guy, ijs

I will be back, I had lots of FUN ...go check is out for yourself


"save the heels and short dress for another evening, this is totally laid back"
