lO2fIIZj225NIk5t2k69NA It's Thanksgiving day; what am I thankful for? Not the decision to stop at the Hong Kong Cafe for lunch!

For those of you familiar with dining at the Palazzo and Venetian, this is merely a rebranded Zine restaurant.  The interior is a bit different but the menu is mostly the same, with some Hong Kong items added.  I was all about that Vietnamese Satay soup; they don't do it with oxtail anymore, only with Filet.  Whatever, it's super good.  We were also excited about getting some Fried Fish Balls with Curry.  Were is the important term here.

Service was hideously bad! Sat there for a good 15 minutes before our server deigned to come over to ask if we'd like something to drink.  It took another good 15 minutes before he came back to see if we wanted to order food.  Here's the worst part: they weren't that busy and I saw our same server go to three different tables that were not full of white people.  I hate calling this kind of stuff out, but, no lie, he went to a table near us 5 times in the interim between me asking for water and me being able to order food. We had 4 white people; they were 4 Asian people.  Perhaps they were also 'important' or 'high rollers' or whatever; at the end of the day, our money is the same and you, sir, are a shitty waiter.

We finally ordered our food and our waiter, when he comes back to confirm our order, asks if I ordered the Edamame. I say no, no edamame. Fried Fish Balls with Curry.  He says, "The curry sauce is spicy."  In my mind: "I doubt it..."  Out loud: "Yes, I know.  I like it spicy.  Extra if you can."  He says, ok and leaves.  It's a good 15+ minutes until I can flag someone else down to refill our water and try to order a beer.  It's Vegas! It's been close to an hour and I have no food and no drinks. WTF?!?!

Food finally comes on the trolley cart and our nice, but totally clueless food runner does not have the Fish Balls, the Kim Chee, or any bowls and spoons for my soup.  We explain this to her.  She comes back a few minutes later with bowls; that is all.  While waiting, we try some of the soup with the chopsticks (we would use them the whole time, but Jim G's mom and friend are with us; they need spoons). The soup is super cold; the noodles are a congealed mess underneath the film that has developed on the top.  The clueless food runner brings the Fish Balls. They are cold and flavorless.  We have totally had enough.

Jim G. goes to find a manager and it even took a good 5+ minutes for her to come by! Michelle, the manager, had the perfect attitude from the beginning.  She was apologetic and wanted to replace everything we had.  Unfortunately, we were at the point where we didn't want to patronize their establishment in any way.  She gladly offered to pay for the two beers we had, plus the food we ordered.  She didn't feel the need to offer to pay for our dining companions' food.  Now, they claimed that their food was fine; but, considering the way the afternoon unfolded, everyone was uncomfortable, and, even with food that is 'fine,' no one dined well.  It would've been an even more generous gesture to pick up the whole bill.  And, our clueless waiter continued to check on the nearby table of non-white people. When he came back to us, he had the gall to ask if we needed something else! We hadn't seen him in more than 40 minutes and the manager had already been by a few times. 

Jim G. and I walked out having had a beer and a few bites of Kim Chee.  With all the options at The Palazzo/Venetian complex, you can be sure that we will never waste any of our time at this dining establishment.  When the food is made well and the servers deign to pay you any attention, you might have a nice time here.  If not, then why pay top dollar to be treated like shit?  No thanks.
