LsgE9TBlyvGFF2n7esSd2w My family almost never goes out to eat, but when we do, this Pei Wei is always a top pick!  

We don't want to break the bank for dinner out, we just want some good food and a chance to enjoy each other's company.  Seeing as I'm vegan but the rest of my family isn't, it can be difficult to settle on a restaurant that we all find appealing.  Pei Wei is great, they have a relatively decent selection of dishes that can be made vegetarian or vegan.  (I always order the Spicy Korean with vegetables, tofu, and rice noodles...yummmmm!!!!)

What I appreciate about the service here is that the employees always take my vegan requests and inquiries seriously, and if they don't personally know the answers, they're sure to ask someone else who does.  The one time I stopped in for take-out, everyone was so nice and engaged in friendly conversation while I waited for my order.  It can get quite busy here around dinner time, but even so, we always manage to find a table because the employees act really quickly to clean up tables as soon as diners leave.

I don't give out 5 stars to just anybody...this location totally earned my highest praise when we had a mix-up with our order at one recent visit.  My husband's teriyaki dish came to him with some veggies he'd specifically requested be left out.  Not one to make a big deal out of these things, he just mildly and politely sent it back and asked that he get his plain chicken teriyaki, as originally ordered.  As we waited for his meal, the manager came to our table with the "mix-up" dish all boxed up and bagged and asked if we would like to take it with us to eat later (at no charge, obviously).  He apologized for the inconvenience and gave us a $10 gift card for our next visit, which was totally unexpected.  My husband's new dish came out quickly and everything was wonderful.  I wish I would have taken note of the manager's name so I could mention him here...for a fast-food-type chain, the customer service we received at this location went above and beyond.  

Nothing bad to say about this Pei Wei, whatsoever!  5-star establishment, for sure!
