Lv9wzkvPrVG-VdPGcw53_A 3.5

Came on a Thursday night during peak dinner hours. Didn't make a reservation in advance. Thankfully, we only had to wait about five minutes. Not so fortunately, we had to sit at a table attached to someone else's table. I don't mean that we shared a table. What I mean is that this place is a fire hazard. The tables are really close together. Our table for four was pushed right up against someone else's table for four. We weren't asked whether we wanted to join that other table. The result of this, I'll write about later.

Had: Set meal for $108 (supposedly feeds three), + bowl of white rice.
3 braised soups? - These come as hot as can be. Inside each container (enough soup to feed at least two people) was a couple pieces of lean pork, a variety of Chinese herbs and veggies, and a chicken foot. The soup was sweet in a very cleansing way, and it was also very savory. Good stuff.
3 deep fried oysters with honey pepper sauce - Good sized oysters. Interesting presentation (separated by asparagus spears and cherry tomato halves. Batter on the oysters wasn't as light as I'd have liked it, and the oysters were slightly overcooked.
Eel with dried tangerine peel with yellow wine sauce - Clean tasting dish. Eel was lovely and fresh. Also very well cooked. At least six pieces, if not eight. Sauce was really good. Subtle on the tangerine peel. Garlicy. Yum.
Lobster in Hong Kong style? Whichever style is the one with the bits of deep fried garlic and little white fishes. 3 lbs. - Not as much of the deep fried bits as Fishman Lobster Clubhouse. Also not presented as nicely. Deep fried garlic still had that bitter, raw garlic taste. Lobster not as tasty as Fishman Lobster Clubhouse. Not as crispy. Not as well fried. Still tender though. And sweet. Still good, but not the best.
Clam and lobster tomalley rice in soup? - Something like that. We got oysters instead of clams. They made the substitute without telling us. We didn't upgrade. I'm fine with that. Good amount of oysters (although you might want to make sure that you stir around the bowl before serving. My mom scooped from the top for me, and my bowl was very heavy in oysters, but that left considerably less oysters for other people). Not so much lobster tomalley (aka lobster roe). I believe it was deep fried before being added. Small bits of Chinese shitake mushrooms in here as well. Rice in soup is one of my favorite things. This one was done well. Really good broth.
Chinese veggies in fish broth - Veggies were sweet and fresh and a lovely green color. Good portion for three or four people.
Some kind of steamed fish - I'm not into steamed fish, but this one was done really well. Fish was tender. They separate the fish from most of the back bone, but there are still some small bones in there, so be careful. I was going to take a picture, but the waitress dumped the soy sauce (which had been in a wine glass on the plate of steamed fish) onto our fish before I could.
Red bean sweet soup - sweeter than most red bean sweet soups I've had, but pretty good. I'm not a fan of red bean.

The food deserves at least a four. The service is meh. The ambiance leaves much to be desired, and it affects the service. As mentioned at the beginning of this review, we had to sit right next to another party of four. I had to sit next to a 9-month old in a high chair. I like kids, and this one and I had a fairly good time together, but I was eating, and she was trying to get my attention...which meant she was hitting my arm. Had I not been fond of children, I could see that being highly...awkward. When paying, tips are included in the bill. When the waiter returned our change to us, he left it at the table next to ours (the one we were attached to). Um...yeah. I see that being a problem too.

On the downside, we could have gotten shorted of a fairly large amount of change because of the way the tables in this place are set up. On the upside, our $108 set meal + bowl of white rice could have fed 6. We have half of our lobster + other leftovers, and we came as a party of 4. I'd come again, but probably with a considerably larger party so that I don't have to share tables with other people. Until next time!
