m9iqRUgclcsQs-z8c2FTeA Ok ok, I figured I should write a review on this place and let everyone know my secret "fountain of youth". 

I've been to Suddenly Slimmer for a few procedures (nothing major or crazy...) to get rid of some unwanted scars and tone some areas of skin. I mean, let's face it ladies (and men, too), we're our own worst critics when it comes to our body. 

The first time I went in for a consultation, I had the pleasure of speaking with and meeting Jeanie. She was extremely professional, courteous, patient (I had tons of questions), and knowledgeable. She went into great detail about removing the scarring and the procedure and basically walked me through the whole process from beginning to end -- and what to expect thereafter. She was honest and didn't try to up-sell me on anything I didn't need just to get more money out of me. Well, after taking a few days to think about everything, I was ready to book. I called and spoke with the delightful front office staff and booked my appointment. 

On the day of my treatment, I was a bit nervous but the technician calmed my nerves, explained everything and kept me chatting away the entire time as if we were long lost friends now reunited. The treatment, although a bit painful (I mean, removing deep scars from years ago isn't an easy thing to do), went by super quickly, and I was out of there before I knew it. The technician sent me home with after care instructions and even called me the next day to check up on me... how's THAT for exceptional customer service and showing they care about their patients?! 

I also got some skin tightening treatments... when you lose weight, no amount of working out will tighten the skin. So, I turned to the next best thing ('cause I refuse to go under the knife) -- non-invasive treatments. Now it did take a few months to see the results as my body also needed to heal naturally, however, wow -- I love the results!!! 

Well, seeing how I'm a sucker for a day at the spa, and always looking for new ways to pamper myself... 'cause if I don't, who's gonna?! I booked more treatments at the spa. (And I gotta be honest, the amazing email deals and specials were taunting me). So I finally called and booked a micro-needling facial -- you know, where it brings new blood to the skin and helps reduce lines and wrinkles, and makes your skin "baby soft" (not that I have any lines and wrinkles now, but why not nip those before I get them?! I think ahead... hehe). I called and spoke with the sweetest front desk girl (I'm sorry I don't remember her name), and booked my appointment for a facial, yay! I'm extremely excited for my appointment and can't wait to see the results (don't worry, I'll post before and after pictures).  

Not sure why this place has such a low star rating, quite honestly they're the best spa around The Valley that offers treatments to look your best. I called several places prior to booking with Suddenly Slimmer -- and although they are a bit far from where I live, I happily drive here over going anywhere else. They are professional, have amazing technicians and staff, have the most up-to-date procedures and newest equipment... all for incredibly reasonable prices! Seriously, I wouldn't go elsewhere. Suddenly Slimmer has a client for life with me!
