m9iqRUgclcsQs-z8c2FTeA Dear reviewers reading,
I been going here since January 2013,and for once a month after, with my first Brazilian Wax in January, ever since going I always have a pleasant experience with Cassandra. She is amazing and knows how to comfort anyone that is scared or anxious, she is also very gentle and careful. I thought it was suppose to hurt so I was preparing myself for hurt but she made it painless, so if you do go for Brazilian Wax or other waxing services she does a very outstanding job. 

However I rated 2 stars because this business is very discourteous, and impolite. Every time I go it never fails that front desk receptionist is not friendly, in fact it seems like whoever mans the front desk is never happy. I always hear them answer calls and say they don't know there answer to the question being asked and instead of offering help the receptionist just hangs up and carries on with whatever they were doing. I witness this multiple times not just once or twice. 

Also when checking in or leaving the receptionist just hurries and hands out forms or hurries to accept payment to move on to something else, I've experienced this first hand when I first went ever to here, I told them while scheduling that I would like to take advantage of the special pricing for first time Brazilian Wax that is advertised on there website. However when checking out they charged me regular price and I even told the lady that it was my first time and I wanted to take advantage of the special pricing but she completely ignored me and just went on with her business until I had a enough I just paid and left of course leaving a tip for the person who did my services. But the front receptionist  hardly if ever give a welcome or thank you when checking in or leaving, just a blank look and hurrying.

 Every time I went I never have a pleasant time dealing with the front, the only moment of relief is when I see the person who will be doing the services. And whenever I call to schedule an appointment they always seem to mess up in a way or not listen to everything fully and I even had times when I called back to confirm my appointment but the person handling appointments never put mines in or actually didn't schedule it and I did keep a record of the calling and name of who I spoke to but a couple times when I called to reconfirm my appointment no one ever scheduled it, I just got lucky and there were openings on the dates I needed.

I however still continue to go here because Cassandra is amazing at what she does, the only down side dealing with the front desk.
