MMvrkQsrZJviAz2sLd_voQ Jade and I just happened to stumble upon this place.  We were using Chinatown as a meet up destination and just so happen to see the huge "Lunch Special" Banner hanging outside.  After walking around the premises and looking at our dining options, we opted to go with Kung Fu Chef.

Pros:
  * LARGE MENU SELECTION & PRICING:
  There were tons of choices and all at very reasonable prices.  Lo Mein & Fried Rice of all variations ranged in price from $4.99 - $8.99.  They also have options in Clay Pot dishes, Seafood, and even the ever-so-popular Pho.  There were some menu items that I've never seen before too:  Salt Fish Sausages, Brine Duck Tongue, and Lamb On A Stick (just to name a few).  I even mentioned that Andrew Zimmern would probably take a liking to this place.  If my memory serves me correctly, Lunch specials started at $4.99.  I didn't get any of the specials, but there are definitely some appealing options worth considering for those that are dining on a budget.

 *  ATMOSPHERE:
  The atmosphere was very well-lit and the dining area itself was very large in size.  They had tables large enough for bigger parties (just in case you were wondering).  Due to the excessive floor space, seating did not feel congested... this is always a good thing.  One weird thing though is that the restaurant appeared to be split into 2 different sections.. I think it's just due to the layout of the floor.

*  SERVICE
  Our server was very nice and informative when we had questions about the menu and menu items.  She provided us with recommendations and was very patient with us when we were trying to decide on what to order.

Cons:
*  SERVICE
  Yes, the service was good when we received it, but they never really checked back on us.  I felt that the Tea served in ceramic tea cups was good, but Jade felt it was bland in taste.  We were dying for some ice water ,but had to wave someone down to get it.  I'm not sure if the server would bring the bill to our table so after a few minutes of waiting, I ended up going to the register and waiting there to pay.  

*  STEW BEEF & RADISH HOT POT
  Let me first say that this Hot Pot dish is new to me, but we figured we'd venture out and try something out of the ordinary from out typical picks.  Maybe this is one of those that require acquired taste buds, but whatever it is, this did not taste appetizing.  I figured, maybe its just me, but Jade felt the same way.  We ended up barely touching it and trying to stomach what we did have.  I'm not a fan of this particular dish.

Ordered:
*  SALT & PEPPER CHICKEN WINGS:  The menu reads "Fried Chicken Wings", but when I ordered it the server said: "you are talking about salt and pepper chicken wings right?"  So I answered "yes".  There is salt and pepper squid on the menu, but anyhow...  These were really good.  I loved the crunchiness and the whatever they used to season it was very appetizing.  There are 10 wings that come out stacked high on a bed of lettuce.  This is definitely something I'd get again.

*  STEW BEEF & RADISH HOT POT: Read above for my opinion on this.

* CHICKEN DRY FRIED RICE NOODLE:  This was very good as well.  The sauce wasn't too overpowering.  You have an option of Shrimp or Chicken on the menu, but I decided on the Chicken.  It is served A La Carte and there is plenty for 2 to share this dish.  The pieces of chicken were cut larger than what I am usually used to, but I'm not complaining.  I'd recommend this dish.

Overall:
  *  Although, I had a bad experience with Stew Beef & Radish Hot Pot, I must say everything else that we ordered was on point.  The selection of food and prices were very competitive and the portion of food was on the larger side.  I'd definitely come to this place again.

Tips:
 *  If you are in the mood for some Slush drinks, they have a variety to choose from on the back on the menu ($3.95 each):   Red Bean, Papaya, Lychee, and Pineapple Slush to name a few.  
 *  There is tons of parking in the back if the parking lot is full.
 *  For $11.95, they have a LAMB HOT POT SOUP and we were told it's actually served with a flame under it (I'm assuming like Tom Yum).  I have no idea if it's good or not.  I'm just throwing it out there for anyone interested.
