mxMwo3zfJwVoCIayeNcA5w One star for their excellence in theatrics. 

If you want dim sum, please spend the extra time and gallon of gas to go somewhere more authentic. Just dined here with my family for a nice Easter/Sunday brunch before we start the rest of the days activities and if it wasn't for the pleasant surprise we walked out with, we certainly would have had a bad day.  We are frequent diners here and the way we were treated today was more than enough for us to carry on to the list of worst experiences. 

Food is average and convenient. It's close to home and it's a quick fix if you aren't willing to go the distance. But if you ask five waiters for glasses of water within 10 minutes of sitting, then you already know ordering a dish is already out of the question. You'd think one order of pan fried noodles shouldn't take thirty minutes, considering the fact that we were the first ones in the restaurant and the only table our waiter was waiting on. But it did. And after being told that it shouldn't take too much longer, we just told them to cancel the order. With that being said, they claimed they did not receive our order.

Okay, hold up. If we're asking where our noodles are for more than 20 minutes, wouldn't you think that it might beseech you to actually check up on it? This is where it gets interesting. Upon canceling the order, we asked to have the check and that we were discouraged to carry on with our lunch. They take it upon themselves and their whole non-english speaking staff to defend their argument in saying that no order was received. Excuse me honey, not a big deal, but please don't gather all the energy you have to yell at me in a different language. But after being disrespected by one waitress after saying we refused to pay for lunch, she threatened to call the police. 

How professional.

What are they going to do? Arrest me for refusing to pay for a $20 bill. I'll double that just to make sure you can get yourself some crazy pills. She had to be restrained by her managers and five other waitresses. Is there a clear enough picture to paint crazy? I'm your customer. Your job is in our hands.

I swallowed my pride, paid for our petty brunch and walked out of there. To sum it up, please don't eat here. Don't pay to be disrespected.

Run a business with at least a little bit of class.
