n0bg7kf6HcpFchCtxJyc5A After reading reviews of Mr. Chow, I thought that I would either go home hungry or be disappointed with their service.  I am happy to report I experienced neither :)

Our main server was Kevin and he was assisted by Troy.  I hope I'm getting their names right!  I just know the second server was younger and bald, and when he could tell that we were having trouble deciding what to order, he was so helpful in helping us to decide.  We ended up going with the $66 per person pre-fixe menu, and I'm glad that we did because we got to sample a little bit of everything.  It came with two starters, two entrees, and two sides.  Btw if you want to see their menu and prices, you can find them on Eater Vegas, as I do not think they are on their website.

For starters, we chose their Glazed Prawns with Walnuts, which came highly recommended, and their Mr. Chow Noodles.  If you like the honey walnut prawns at your local hole-in-in-the-wall Chinese restaurant, then you'll probably like the Glazed Prawns here.  The Mr. Chow noodles were different, though not in a bad way.  My dining companion wasn't crazy about them, but surprisingly, I, the less adventurous foodie, thought the noodles were ok.  The noodles are described as being like spaghetti, which I agree is a fair comparison.  The entrees we chose were their Fiery Beef and Gambler's Duck.  The Fiery Beef was pretty tasty, but the duck was disappointing.  It came with really, really thin "pancakes," and I'm talking extremely thin.  If anyone in the Sacramento area is reading this, the duck and buns at Frank Fat's is way better, which is all I can really compare it to as I don't really eat duck.  Come to think of it, I've had the duck salad at Hakkasan which I enjoyed more as well.  For sides we chose their Baby Bok Choy and Sautéed Rice (fried rice).  The Bok Choy was really good.  The rice wasn't bad, but I wish I had chosen their String Beans instead as the rice was too heavy for how full I was feeling.  The portions were definitely not as small as I was thinking they were going to be.

We were celebrating my dining companion's birthday and got a free dessert, which was a nice touch.  They brought their dessert cart out, and we went with their creme brûlée.  It was your average creme brûlée, not bad, not totally spectacular.  What I did find to be so great-tasting was their ice water.  Who knew water could be so tasty? :p

All in all, a better experience than I was expecting after reading the reviews :)
