n0bg7kf6HcpFchCtxJyc5A Oh the enigma that is Mr Chow! This has got to be one of the more polarizing places I've been to...and I'm not sure if I know a place where price seems to effect opinions more than Mr Chow. They bill themselves as luxurious Beijing cuisine...why is it that there aren't a lot of luxurious Beijing places you run across? Could it be that it is difficult to elevate Beijing cuisine in a highly noticeable way?...perhaps...more on this later. 

What I experienced at Mr Chow was a lot of really tasty food, none of which I would want to go back and pay for, but almost all of which I would gladly eat again if a group of friends wanted to experience it...or even better pay for it. The quality of the product was most certainly better than what you find in a typical Chinese restaurant. Fiery Beef made of filet mignon, Lobster Shumai with large chunks of fresh lobster, etc.. The cooking sauces were also more refined, but then these ingredients were treated in a very similar way to your local wok-fired Chinese take out place. The resulting difference is noticeable, but not to the same extent that the difference between typical and "luxurious" food of other cuisines is noticed...in the end, Fiery Beef tastes a lot like Fiery Beef whether it comes from Pearl Wok on Charleston or Mr Chow on the strip. 

An area that Mr Chow shined in was their First Course shared plates. This family style experience actually made more sense than most because they made sure that each guest received two pieces of all the first course appetizers. For example, we shared Lobster Shumai, Shanghai Little Dragon (classic steamed soup dumplings), Mr Chow Spareribs, and Salt & Pepper Prawns in our first course, and each item came with two pieces per person. With the exception of the Mr Chow Spareribs that I didn't really care for, the rest were all rather enjoyable dishes.

Next came selections from their Of Course section. We shared Steamed Sea Bass served with ginger and cilantro, Signature Green Prawns, and Fiery Beef of filet mignon. These were all strong dishes. I think most patrons would enjoy them, though perhaps not enjoy shelling out cash for these items. Essentially you are paying Strip pricing and an entertainment fee for the privilege of this food. A quick skim of the reviews will reveal that many are not interested in the central artwork or the loud hand-pulled noodles as forms of entertainment...resulting in the rather low overall rating for food that is otherwise good. Our Of Course selections were accompanied by Sautéed Baby Bok Choy, Mixed Vegetables, and Shrimp Fried Rice. Here, with these sides, deciphering a difference from your local take out spot was even more difficult, requiring a discerning palate to say the least.  

I think my favorite thing at Mr Chow was the Chili Sauce. I love it when the Chili Sauce is hot enough for a sexy dance on my tongue, but flavorful enough to fill my heart with warmth at the same time. Mr Chow's was an excellent combination of these sensual qualities, and left me wanting more.

The focus of our dinner was the low point for me. Mr Chows Roasted Beijing Duck was recommended to our table by the server and also highly anticipated by other members of our party. Even Vegas, with our less-than-incredible renditions of Chinese Roast Duck, has better offerings than this version. Additionally, the duck is served with a pancake wrapper in place of the bun. This would be forgivable if your duck kicked some major ass...but when your duck falls flat you and you can't even mask the effort in a warm bao bun then you have twice the issues.
