-ilH1FPt0lbX22IoiFUngA Tasty Kitchen has a modern feel to it with Chinese shows playing on their TVs. It is a Hong Kong-style cafe where you can order anything from condensed milk on toast to noodle soup to baked casseroles to hotpot dishes. They also have a large list of Hong Kong-style beverages of course.

I personally prefer other restaurants in the area, but my family likes to come here occasionally. I have been here about 4 times and it has always been decent.

Today was a different story. We arrived later than usual so we were there just before the afternoon rush. We were quickly seated and my mom enjoyed the free Chinese newspaper they offer now. 

Along with our hot coffee and Horlick, we ordered a curry beef brisket and tendon that came with soup and rice, as well as a braised vermicelli with pickled vegetables and pork. The lady served the soup fairly quickly; however, I noticed a strand of hair sitting on top, lying over the side of the bowl. It looked a lot like her wavy hair... The main dishes were decent. The curry tastes like curry but it is not spicy at all, and the vermicelli was neither salty or oily but I did not mind that at all.

My mom left to do a quick grocery trip at BTrust while I sat there with my grandpa as we were finishing our drinks. After about 5 minutes, there was a crowd at the door but several other tables had opened up. My grandpa asked for the bill to get it out of the way so we could leave whenever we were ready to go. We gave them a nice tip, they took it away and as my grandpa told me aloud, "Let's stay here for a few more minutes", the lady came with her tablecloth and cleaning spray. I looked to the front and saw only 2 people standing there and I overheard their request for a table of 7. She started cleaning the table and told me softly, "Thank you, watch your step on your way out" (in Chinese) and the next thing I saw was another waitress placing 7 cups of tea in front of me and asked the 2 people to have a seat. Only 2 out of 7 people had arrived. Was there really a need to rush us out? Could my grandpa and I not have gotten a minute to get our takeout and newspaper together, and put our jackets on before they invited their next group of guests?

I was absolutely appalled by the way we were treated. My grandpa also had to use the washroom, so I ended up having to stand by the front door waiting for him because we were rudely kicked out of our table.

I would have given them only 1 star if their food is as horrible as their service. I doubt I will be back.
