N0l4hT7UCywbZ9UEZ1R9kQ Came here with two girlfriends on a weekend. They'd both been wanting to try it out after seeing great photos on Instagram, and one friend had been before and liked it.

First off: the service here is amazing. That was probably the best part of the experience. They were thorough in their explanation of the menu, in making sure we had a place to wait comfortably with a drink while our table was getting ready and so on. Midway through our meal, the owner/chef came out, introduced himself, cracked a few jokes, and made us feel welcome. I definitely do not discount these human touches. The decor is cute and quirky, with lots of colour. And that pineapple logo is probably one of the loveliest little things I've seen.

The food...well. Hmmm. It left a little something to be desired. 
I ordered the jerk chicken and an order of the dirty rice (without any pork, though). I was excited to see how the 'fusion' aspect turned out in these dishes. My friends ordered the Jamaican patty double down, and the jerk chicken chow mein. We also had the O.G. Fried Cauliflower & Watermelon Pickle to share -- which tasted pretty awesome (the cauliflower, anyway; the watermelon pickle just tasted like slightly warm watermelon to me.)

My friend couldn't even finish her entire chow mein because by the time you got about a third of the way down (basically, after you'd eaten the chicken), the chow mein noodles were drenched in an overly-salty bath of sauce. Unfortunately, my order of dirty rice was very, very salty too. It was also kind of ... boring. It was basically fried rice with some peas. I mean, I get it: that's what Chinese fried rice is. But I thought there would be some sort of Caribbean element too. Maybe because I got it without the sausage? I'm not sure. I just don't know if the sausage would have ultimately made it THAT much better, but who knows.

The jerk chicken was a bit on the salty side too, but still had a solid flavour to it. I probably enjoyed that the best and could've skipped the rice and gotten a different side to accompany it.

My friend who got the double down said it was pretty good, and she seemed also very happy with the drink she ordered, which came in a giant coconut cup with a little umbrella (so cute!)

I'm hoping our experience with the extreme over-seasoning of our dishes was more or less a mistake and not truly representative of the style of cooking here. I would like to come back and try this place again, but I could go without. It's also not the cheapest for what you get (quantity and quality, from this experience, anyway) so I'm interested in finding other Asian fusion places that maybe do this a little better. 

Overall, the service is really what makes this place, so this is still a fun spot to come with friends, share some appetizers and have a drink.
