N0l4hT7UCywbZ9UEZ1R9kQ Awesome. Oldies with a chopstick licking good twist, great drinks and vibe.

During a quick trip back to TO, a friend mentioned I should try this new joint that serves up Chinese Jamaican food. Not having had Chinese food nor Jamaican food in a while I wandered up to Bathurst and Dundas to find a small joint with a fun, modern deco Caribbean vibe - not exactly what I expected in the area. 

Starting with some TGIF drinks, they had a decent beer menu, but the cocktails were awesome. You can even get them in a "teapot" which is not only cute, but great value - I think there were like 6 or 7 drinks in there. Try the one with 5 spice and ginger beer, and thank me later. (seriously, Yelp Thank You's are appreciated :) )

Between a few of us we tried a lot, but the real winners here are the Dirty Fried Rice, the Jerk Chicken, Double Down Patty and burger. 
 
You know when you expecting something to be a certain way, but then it's not? Like when you're sure your parents bought you another sweater for Christmas, the box is the right size and shape, but you open it up and you find out it was a camouflaged box and inside is the most awesomest Ninja Turtles toy ever (true story). That's my impression of Patios. Everything has a familiarity to it - but with a twist that makes you think, "wow, that's different". 

Case in point, the fried rice: looking at it you think, "this is going to taste like every other fried rice I've had in my life", but when you take that first bite: BAM. It's got this nice sweet twist that I can't put my finger on. But it that makes you think, why isn't fried rice always made like this? 

Now the burger... man... the burger is done with a pineapple bun (in Chinese, it's called a bo lo bao), this awesome Chinese bread with a slightly sweet/crunchy/bready topping that just about every Chinese kid loved growing up. Throw a double patty in the middle of that thing? Brilliant. 

If you're like me and have a thing for rotisserie chicken, you'll love the jerk. It's not your typical jerk chicken that's slathered in sauce, but it's well spiced, a good flavor without being overwhelming, and juicy as heck from the rotisserie. Pair it with a spicy (as heck) sauce, and you got a winner. 

The double-down patty is twist on Colonel Sander's invention, throwing a thick slab of good-ol bacon and melted cheese between two Jamaican patties. Seriously, throwing those ingredients together is like using a cheat code. 

Being away from Toronto for a few months and coming back, it quickly reminded me of the awesome food we have here and the familiarity of the food gave me a sense of deja vu, combining oldies I loved with a new twist.
