N2PlDjUJVfOJzsPzY0Au1w Super Buffet has more tables than most of the buffets I have visited and so they have a wider variety of dishes to choose from. I was able to find a few things that weren't just battered chicken with sauce, including a spicy chicken (looked like mostly white meat) that tasted of curry and something with yellow rice that seemed to be a vague "arroz con pollo".

The sushi is standard for a Chinese buffet: sticky white rice and a few california/crab rolls. The avocado ones had not had a chance to oxidize, so I knew they were fresh. Nothing special but worthy of a "three star" attempt.

Lots of non-Chinese options, including pepperoni pizza, quesadillas, mac and cheese, pigs feet and french fries plus peel-and-eat shrimp. I did see at least two ethnic dishes, one of which was squid in garlic sauce. This one certainly looked authentic enough for me to walk on by. :-)

Desserts included the standards for these places - banana pudding with (knock-off) Nilla wafers, chocolate pudding and assorted sheet cakes in various flavors. They also had apricots, lychees, peaches and pineapple available (straight from the can is my guess) and a bunker of individual ice cream cups and ice cream sandwiches. Surprisingly, the brand was "Hershey". I expected a soft-serve machine or something more generic. Thumbs up here!

Plenty of parking and plenty of seating. Well lit. Even at the busiest time, I don't think that there would be much of a wait. The floor around the buffet tables was rather slippery. I don't know if there had been a recent spill or if this is a normal thing, so watch your step!

Overall, while it had a large selection and the price was right ($7 for lunch), I found the food rather bland. If you don't mind that and you want variety and lots to eat, this is the place for you! I'd also suggest that this is a great place if you have picky eating kids, as there is plenty of things that aren't just "Chinese food" and the few kids I saw and heard seemed happy enough.
