n62dcL1e8BQA1_kUEYrldQ I moved to Phoenix from New York about two years ago and have been looking for a decent Chinese place ever since - I just tried Shangri-La today, and I think I've finally found one!

The food: I ordered way more than I needed for just myself because I wanted to try as much as possible. After eating a significant portion (I'm a big guy) I still had enough to pack lunch for the next two days, plus a few assorted items to snack on later.

The Shangri-La Flaming Platter:

Egg Rolls: The Egg Rolls were great! Definitely the best I've gotten since I've lived in Arizona! They were perfectly fried. The cabbage is tasty, not like the mush you find in egg rolls other places.

BBQ Ribs: Tasty Chinese style ribs. The meat is tough, but that's what you would expect from a Chinese restaurant.

Beef Skewers: My wife says they looked disgusting, but they tasted pretty good! Probably not going to order these again, but not disappointed by any means.

Honey Chicken Wings: I was surprised by how good these were. These wings are breaded. I'm not usually a fan of breaded chicken wings, but the honey sauce was awesome. Will definitely be wanting these again.

Fried Shrimp: Pretty standard Chinese fried shrimp (Standard for NY, I mean. For this area, they're ahead of the curve). Probably won't be getting these again, but not bad.

Crab Puffs: These were the biggest let down of the whole meal. The outside was tasty and fried to perfection, but the inside tasted like straight cream cheese. I'm pretty sure there was no crab in these at all. I'm guessing it was just a one-time type mistake or something.

Egg Drop Soup: Pretty good. It's a nice, light soup.

Bacon Fried Rice: This was excellent! The rice itself was fairly light, not heavy like the fried rice at some places. There are big chunks of egg, which I like - usually when there's egg in fried rice it's over cooked, but these were light and fluffy! And the bacon - we're not talking about little pea sized chunks, we're talking big inch and a half long strips of bacon, perfectly cooked. Yum.

Amazing Chicken: I'm torn on this one. On the one hand, I'm not crazy about the sauce. On the other hand, the chicken and vegetables were all awesome. Like everything else I've mentioned, the food is all cooked right and I could tell from eating this that I won't be disappointed if I order something else from here. Don't get me wrong, I don't dislike this dish or even the sauce, it's just that I'll probably go with something else next time.

Overall, the food is easily the best Chinese I've had in Arizona. There are a couple items which border on "It's okay" but there's also a few items that were flat out excellent. The one real complaint I have is the Crab Puffs, but I'm sure that's not usual, and I can tell that they probably usually taste good.

The service was actually pretty good. The woman was friendly and made a bit of small talk with me. She asked if I had ever eaten there before, that kind of thing. 

As far as the location, it turns out I live under a mile away from this place. I pass it all the time, but never realized it was a Chinese place. There is a sign on the building, but it faces away from Cactus Ave. If the building was more clearly marked, I would surely have started eating here long ago.

If I could give half stars, I'd be giving 4.5, but because of the few hiccups, I'm giving it a four. Would definitely recommend this place!
