N97-DBkCFBy69maCMkUG1A Unforgettable. 


I'm not really sure what to say about this place. It has got to have the worst food/service/smell I've experienced in a restaurant. It also has 4.99$ pitchers of "Sun Draught Lager" (note: don't try googling it, you won't find it) - canned by a "brewer" in Mississauga called Amber Brewery (http://amberbrewery.com/company.php). Oh, and pints are 1.75$. 

So you can see the dilemma. Apparently the cheapest beer in the city by about 50% - but everything else is just awful.

There were 12 of us dining on a Saturday evening - as we walked into the restaurant we met one of the foulest odours, as Justin H. will likely describe as "Spicy B.O. Very spicy.". The doors were shut, the interior was a mess, and we were seated at two tables (still drops of soy-sauce all over the table/cups). I went over and propped open the door to try and air the place out - which was somewhat successful...but the stench of the Ten Mile Aroma was still strong and stuck to the insides of our mouths.

The beer came out, we liked that. But the waitress would disappear, have to be ran down and asked to bring things like: plates, cups, water, utensils, food, etc. 

When we got her over to take our order, she stopped after 2 (of 12) and walked away. So we had to run back over and tell her we all wanted food.

The food was just....so gross. 

The people inside this place.....were a mix. Some like us: young reputable adults in search for a cheap drink and  funny experience, a small handful of Chinatown locals, and the largest segment; crazy/smelly dudes.

One patron actually was asking our group for money about two blocks away after we had left. 

Oh, 8 pitchers and food for 12 people after tax was 120$.

Bathrooms: slightly better than you'd expect. Slightly.

So - I guess this is the end of the review. It's a weird place - but one that exemplifies "you get what you pay for".... especially if you're interested in paying for the greasiest, cheapest, most repugnant Chinese food around.
