nBwOIq5KI-zmxp061dTmgw Don't you hate when you get a craving for something and it you can't get it out of your mind until you finally give in to it? Well that is how I found Chen & Wok! I had been thinking about fried rice for days, and yesterday I decided I better just give in and get some instead of driving myself crazy! 

Chen & Wok is near my office, and I decided that it would be the place that I would get my fried rice fix. I am always a bit apprehensive going into new places that could be considered questionable from the outside, but it was surprising clean and bright inside. I liked the fact that you just order at the counter...and my food took less than five minutes! 

They have some really cheap lunch specials, but none of them were for fried rice, so I had to "splurge" and pay $5.95 for my shrimp fried rice and I also got a side of crab won-tons, which are usually my litmus test for good Chinese. 

When I opened the container of rice, it was packed in so tight it came overflowing out of the little carton, it easily could be 3 - 4 meals, so my "splurge" was well worth it! The rice was love at first bite! It was the prefect fried rice with bits of eggs and green onions mixed in with the plump shrimp (and these were big shrimp, not those wimpy salad shrimp), and it wasn't greasy at all...just what I needed to feed my craving! Next I tried the crab puffs, which were shaped like little purses rather than the triangles I usually see, and wow...just wow....they actually had a lot of crab and cream cheese in them...and they were perfectly crisp and oh so tasty when dunked in the sweet and sour sauce! The order came with 8 large puffs for just $3.95....what a steal! 

I will definitely be back to try some of their other offerings, while waiting I spied someones Lo Mein which also looked quite tasty...and the prices will be perfect for my after Christmas budget! The only downside I can see so far is the absence of Sesame Chicken on the menu....but I guess I will just be forced to try something new!
