NFOj3uboFzeNF5X-dWUd_w I ate here out of default. I should've known better than to settle for a random restaurant, but I was starving and so was my boyfriend and his mom. My bf's mother had just checked in to her room and taking the time to research a good restaurant or walk around to find something familiar would've taken too long. I ordered the Salt & Pepper Pork because I loved eating Salt & Pepper chicken back home & figured this would taste similar. My bf ordered the Honey Walnut Shrimp & Scallop Fried Rice (which didn't really have scallops. Scallop flakes were just mixed in with the rice). His mother ordered a seafood soup. The food came out and the soup was the first thing that I had. It tasted okay. The seafood in it was bland. Then I went for the Salt & Pepper Pork. The first bite that I took, I spit out. It tasted like fat! So I bit into the other end and it was still fat! So i tried another piece just to see if I just happened to get a fat piece the first time, but nope! The second piece that I tried was fatty too! Hated it!!! I went for the rice next and it wasn't so bad. Not as flavorful but it was definitely better than the fat that I had just eaten. Sad that the meal wasn't going as well as I had hoped, I was willing to give the Honey Walnut Shrimp a chance. Wrong decision. It was nasty!! The glaze didn't taste anything like the typical Honey Walnut Shrimp glaze that I was used to. Tasted like fatty mayo was glazed all over it. I wanted to raise my voice as I complained about the food, but I also didn't want to start trouble. I think I was also just shocked at how many large groups were dining there. I wondered if they actually liked their food cuz non of them had that disgusted/dissatisfied look on their faces. It could be that they weren't as affected by the food because they were enjoying each other's company, or it could also be that they weren't starving before they ate, so they weren't as let down as I was. Either way, My boyfriend, his mother, and I hated this place. Never eating there again!
