NKHvmp19c6wrm0dZXcLtmQ After all that's said and done, I think(?) I am a fan of this place. The pros and cons to this place have left me rather confused.

The review of this place have been really mixed: some raving reviews saying there is no better restaurant for your food, some saying that it is alright, and some cursing it and it's descendants for eons to come.  I wish this review could provide to you definitive advice for the establishment, but - just as many of the reviews before me - I am left torn.  I agree with a majority of the reviews seen here; I'll try to lay it out in a easy to determine format.

Pros:
+ The food here was really good. We ordered: Kimchi Fries and Taiwanese style deep fried chicken for appetizer,  brisket on rice and Taiwanese pork on rice for main, and the green tea + red bean shaved ice for dessert. The only downside to this was that my girlfriend's brisket came with a very small amount of meat.  Other than that, every order came copious amounts.  The Kimchi fries were amazing (wavy fries provided extra crisp, and spicy mayo made a delicious mix), the Taiwanese chicken had more than enough to be an entree. For both of us.  Our entrees were pretty good, save for the quantity issue. And the dessert was a fantastic new experience! If you've never had this, it's hard to explain.  I'd liken it to...a ice and tissue paper hybrid with a green tea flavour, and a sweet red bean topping.  I know that doesn't sound appealing, but you need to give it a try before you can judge!
+ The food is cheap.  We ordered 5 plates, and it came to about 40 bucks.  If we had ordered this at any other place (I'm looking at you green grotto), the total would probably have come closer to 70.  For the portion sizes, the amount of food we got was phenomenal. 

Cons:
- Small + popular does not make for a good mix. We were lucky enough to arrive as some tables were leaving, so we only had to wait for 5 minutes or so, but the crowd that arrived after us were waiting an upwards of 20 minutes for a table. The restaurant opened in a small plaza, with bad parking, and with limited room.  They've done what they can to open as many tables as possible, but the place is very tight. If the people sitting besides us weren't speaking Mandarin (or was it canto...I couldn't tell), we would've been able to partake in the conversations by whispering.
- Service. It was busy, so I understand that the servers were spread thin, and also given that the place is relatively new, maybe they're still working out their kinks.  That said, we had to ask for our drinks, pressed the service button a couple of times and they never got to us.  Did not get any spoons for our desserts, had to push our dishes onto the dirty table beside us, and had to go up to the main desk to get my receipt.  Don't get me wrong, the servers were nice, but we probably only saw them a total of 2 times when we had called out for them maybe 5 times. 

So that ultimately leaves me on the edge.  There are two big pros, and two (relatively) big cons. This place really did have some amazing food, and we'll definitely be back to try some of the other desserts/drinks/appetizers. I would've given this a 5/5, but the service really dampened the experience (though I realize it wasn't their fault). 

After all that's said and done, I think this place is a 'must-try'.  Wait for the lineups, the food is worth it.  And who knows, maybe the restaurant will live up to it's name and you'll leave with a sweet experience.
