NyGlEmuYcpZSKfk6IwJeSw Very disappointingly giving it 2.5 stars. Review up for restaurant week lunch. 

I have heard good things about this place and we did receive good service. In addition, the view of the Capitol is about as good as it gets from the restaurant. However, I was extremely disappointed by the food. 

Our first course set us up for what we thought would be a fantastic meal: the Kale salad and seaweed salad were good (seaweed standard but the kale salad was unique and excellent). Our second course was just alright. The pork bun was very disappointing (it was a very small piece of meat with two sparse slices of cucumber and green onions) and the tempura fried cheese curd was just alright (it came on a skewer and as one slightly longer curd). However, these courses were not the main problem.

We tried the miso ramen and the spicy miso ramen and both were extremely disappointing. The bowl came out not very filled and presentation wasn't great (which is fine, since it's all about flavor, but I was a bit apprehensive from first look). There was a large layer of oil covering both my bowl and my SO's bowl of ramen, which was concerning. What was really disappointing was the first bite. The broth was some of the saltiest I have ever had. My spicy miso ramen was slightly better than my SO's regular miso ramen, but it was extremely tough for us to finish. In addition, the pork slices were disappointing, as it was not the typical charshu slices. Everything ended up being too salty and oily and we could barely eat our entrees. We aren't ones to usually complain, but we ended up drinking a lot of water and taking the majority of our ramen home (we're hoping to dilute the salt and oil and maybe finish our lunch). We did enjoy the poached egg and the bamboo slices though. 

I really hope that this is just a restaurant week change in the ramen, but I was, unfortunately, extremely disappointed. In addition, I can't justify the regular prices for the ramen that we had.
