O1TvPrgkK2bUo5O5aSZ7lw I'm not sure how I feel about all the great reviews for Rol San.  While it's great to see Chinatown still relevant, the food truly is mediocre at best.  The restaurant seems to have become a victim of its own success. It's pretty evident that both the staff and food there seem to cater to a particular crowd (i.e. the non-Chinese folk) - very telling when some of the waiters are shocked to be spoken to in Cantonese.

No doubt this is the restaurant to go to after any night of clubbing and you're not ready to go home.  The place is like an afterhours club filled with drunken Mississauga clubgoers.  It's popularity might be owing to the fact that they used to serve "cold tea" after last call, but then again so was half the restos on Spadina.  Generally good for people watching, beautiful people with little substance eating so-so food with lots of substance.  I always keep my fingers crossed that the smashed Barbie-doll looking chick, who keeps flashing her panties, will wash off the rest of her runny mascara by planting her face in a bowl of chicken corn soup.  On the other hand, there may be random moments of community restaurant singing between the General Tao's chicken and Yang Chow Fried Rice - which actually in a very garish way is kinda special.

The majority of Rol San's business are people to drunk to eat to begin with, so it might be the reason most of dishes seem overly flavoured, and lack the subtleties that Cantonese cuisine can have.  There are certainly options for Cantonese food that are infinitely superior, when not inebriated like New Sky , as suggested in Ernest C's review.

As for dim sum, while it may be one of the better options in Chinatown, it's not passable vs. any number of Markham dim sum places.  There simply is no comparison.  And if you doubters don't believe me, ask any of your Chinese friends who live Markham when they last drove down on a Sunday afternoon to get to Rol San.  The dim sum caravan is usually going in opposite direction.   It would be redeeming for them to serve them on the carts (even if it means an occasional dim sum lady loogie in your beef tripe!) for nostalgic purposes, which many of the uptown dim sum houses lack.

Rol San - what can I say, but such a delightful necessary evil.
