ofAbFXOMz2-Di7p2oDsfhQ My husband and I ordered delivery from this restaurant last night.  Their menu was intriguing; basically, you pick your meat and then you get like 15 or so options on how you want it (kung pao, crunchy walnut, etc...).  There was a deal on a flyer we got that said it feeds 4-5 people.  We went with that as I love having leftovers available for lunch the next day whenever we get Chinese food.  My husband went with the orange shrimp after reading the rave review on here and I went with crunchy walnut chicken.  It also came with white rice, egg drop soup, and pork lo mein.  We ordered 2 eggrolls as a side because the meal didn't come with any.  Sounds like a lot of food right?  Wrong.  $30.00 + tip later, we got the smallest portions I have ever seen.  If you split the dishes between 5 people, each would get about 3 bites of each dish and a child's sized soup.  Not much.  Hope you're not actually hungry if you plan on eating here.  Unless you're willing to fork out a lot of money for extra 'dinners' .  The lo mein was a weird goulash of different noodles and just wasn't good at all.  The shrimp were huge (about the only good thing about this dish) but super spicy.  Not your average orange shrimp; the sauce had no orange flavor.  Come to find out, the orange flavor is in slices of orange peel in the dish.  Hello pesticides.  Not a good dish at all. 
What to say about the chicken...*sigh* My husband said it reminded him of Jack in the Box...which I thought was crazy until I bit into it and realized he was right.  Definitely didn't 'taste like chicken'...and the creamy white sauce looked nasty...AND the walnuts tasted like dirt.  It was so bad, that even though I was starving, I threw it out and opted to eat the white rice with some soy sauce to try to fill my belly up.  Even my husband who will eat almost anything said he couldn't finish it.  The eggrolls were super tiny and also not good at all. What a shame.

On the upside, the soup was actually good.  Oh, and delivery WAS fast...probably because we are the only ones in the greater Tempe area ordering from this place.  Now I know better.  Think twice before ordering here...I'd go for Happy Food or Hunan Express if you want chinese in Tempe!
