OHFH6ALQqq35NiEbD1eXuw Service is non-existent, rude if any and racially discriminatory. Basically if you do not look Chinese or are not Chinese the people who work here are extremely rude.

My husband (1/2 Chinese 1/2 Swedish) and I (100% Chinese) came here with our son (1 year old) for an early dim sum lunch. We have been coming to Chang's since 2004 but the restaurant is now under new ownership. We experienced the WORST, actually it was NON EXISTENT service. The hostess was rude when she seated us. She brought over 2 forks, ignored me when I said we do not need them and then slammed them onto our plates and walked away.

When we complained to the manager he told us the restaurant workers bring forks to Americans. This in itself is racial discrimination/profiling, seriously who doesn't know how to use chop sticks?!?!? Do Japanese restaurants bring "Americans" forks? Do Italian restaurants bring Asian customers chop sticks? 

When it came time to pay our bill the same hostess who seated us point blank ignored our raised bill in the air and purposely did not take it. At this point my husband walked over to her and tapped her on the back to give her the bill. She continued to ignore him and refused to turn around. He tapped her again with the bill in his had and she again ignored him. When she finally turned she looked at the bill in his hand and refused to take it, letting it drop to the floor when he handed it to her. At this point another restaurant employee came over and asked why the hostess did not take the bill. The hostess walked away and acted like it was not her job. When the other restaurant employee picked up the bill and came over to our table I asked her if the hostess is responsible for taking bills and ringing them up, she responded yes.

When we complained to the owner of the restaurant he said my husband should not have tapped the hostess on the back. Uuuuummm really? How else am I supposed to get a workers attention so they can DO THEIR JOB? Instead of being apologetic or recognizing the blatant discrimination the owner and the manager of the restaurant blamed us the customers for being a problem. 

I will never come to this restaurant again and believe what comes around goes around. The food is mediocre at best and the service does not exist. We are from San Francisco and have never been treated in such a manner at any Chinese or Asian restaurant.
