Oj4PqiXtPTd4kZdI5aG1uw I finally found a dim sum place where I can stuff my face without the guilt of spending all my money! 
I noticed this restaurant as I was driving to Etobicoke from Mississauga, and the name 'Dim Sum' immediately got me googling for its menu. Once I realized how affordable it is compared to the other dim sum restaurants that I've tried, it was a must-go.
We went Saturday night, and surprisingly it was pretty empty, with only one table occupied.
The menu had many options, along with a separate menu containing non-dim sum items. I immediately noticed that they lacked vegetarian options, where I think they had around 5 vegetarian dishes max.
The decor of the restaurant was lacking any effort.
Every table had the menus already placed, along with a separate sheet which you are required to mark to let them know which and how many dim sums you want.
Service was good and we were immediately served tea without even asking. each serving of dim sum, which consists of 3 to 4 pieces, cost somewhere between $2 to $4, which is an amazing price.
The food took the right amount of time to be served (not too short, indicating food that isn't fresh, or not too long). All the dishes were steaming hot and really satisfying. However, I did unintentionally order only shrimp options, while my buddy tried a variety. So from my experience, even though my 5 dishes contained shrimp, they all seemed to taste the same, despite them having different ingredients. 
I know the concept of these restaurants is to share each plate with everyone on the table, but I had preferences that were different from my friends, which is why we ordered separately. So, I cant speak for him, but he seemed to enjoy his choices, especially this glutinous rice roll stuffed with chicken. 
By the end we were extremely stuffed and the bill was yet reasonable. 
One thing to note is that they charge you for the tea, even though you don't order it.
After confronting this to the server, he went to another lady and they said something in their language, after which they started to laugh. I assume they get this issue often. Later on the server came back and explained to us that it is customary for all dim sum restaurants to serve tea and that you're not only paying for the tea, but also everything you used, such as the table, chop sticks, plates, etc. A different concept, but I just went with it, since it was only 60cents extra.
So overall, I enjoyed this restaurant and will definitely return when I get the cravings. Maybe next time order something other than shrimp.
If you want the best dim sum in the GTA, I would recommend Mothers Dumplings in Toronto, but get ready to pay a hell a lot more. But if you want something affordable then Jade Dim Sum is a good choice.
