OllK5_S-7svgSwbUfx1xYA I used to go here over the years with my family from when it used to be a dive, through the renovations and then now with the fancy odd shaped bowls. It's funny how the waitresses look the same from when I was younger. They're the constant fixture of the place through all the years.

I've always liked the food at King's Noodle but last night I was just disappointed. I hate to give them 3-stars.

After a semi-late night in Kensington Market I decided to take a route through Chinatown on my walk to Union Station. I already had a simple dinner but the soft glow from the King's sign beckoned me in like a siren to passing seaman (hehe... seaman).

Anyway, I ordered the sui-kau noodle in soup and a side order of rice flour roll with donut. Something quick and simple since I had a train to catch. Anyway, the food looked delicious. Unfortunately, it wasn't.

The sui-kau dumplings were horrible. They were either overcooked or were recooked because they tasted bland and just dissolved in my mouth. Dissolved like a Crispy Creme donut... yeah, you know what I'm talking about it.

There was no give from the shrimp and pork mixture. It just turned to mush. There was no hint of sesame oil, ginger or green onion. No flavour at all. I don't know if things changed or if my nostalgia blinded me but this was definitely not the same as the same dish I've had over the years. The dumpling wrapper just fell apart when I picked them up with my chopsticks and turned to mush along with the filling when I ate them. It made the whole experience horrible. The only good things were the soup which wasn't overly salty and the noodles were nicely cooked. They still have a little texture as i shovelled them into my maw.

The roll with donut was good. The sauce wasn't overly salty and complimented the roll and donut nicely when you tipped it on its side and dipped. Not a lot of sauce to bog down the crispiness of the fried donut which was good.

I'd give them a 2.5 but there is no half points and nostalgia can't give them a 2.

Maybe next time I'll try the siu-kau again or maybe I should stick with the window meat over steaming rice or the other cooked dishes (ie. three kinds of seafood with black bean sauce on rice). It was a sad moment and made my childhood me cry... but only a little bit.
