OllK5_S-7svgSwbUfx1xYA HISTORY/ABOUT: King's Noodle has been serving up insane Chinese/Cantonese style cuisine for years now in the heart of Toronto's Chinatown district. It truly is IMO the best Chinese cuisine you can get in the city, and hard to miss with the BBQ and bright orange cuttlefish hanging in the window. 

DÉCOR/AMBIENCE: KN went under renovation back in 2007-08 and they redesigned the restaurant. Although some may call the interior decor tacky, it is still on the higher end of venues in Toronto when compared to other restaurants serving similar if not the same cuisine. A highlight for me is the plates, they have grooves in them which allow the chopsticks to rest without rolling around and without lying on the table. The chopsticks are also customized with the print "King's" on them. 

MENU DESIGN/READABILITY: HUGE menu as you would expect of any Chinese restaurant. One page of appetizers, soups, congees, side dishes (including dim sum), noodles, rices, pork, fish, beef, chicken, desserts and more! I recommend Chef special section. 

FOOD QUALITY: Ridiculous. I highly recommend the Congee with duck and fried donut. Congee has perfect consistency, duck is tender and the chewy donut takes the texture train to a next level. 

The beef and Chinese broccoli is the best I have ever had. It's covered with bits of garlic and the beef is straight tender. Broccoli is perfectly blanched, mad green and super crunchy. 

I just drooled on my shirt. I'm actually having trouble writing this review. 

All I can say is..... Pineapple/BBQ Pork fried rice. 

BOOZE: Beer/Wine

PRICE POINT: slightly higher than average but well worth it. You will still walk out full for $15, but go with a group to save $ and try more dishes. 

SERVICE: The waitresses are hit or miss. Some don't even look at you or respond when you say thank you, others are very kind and smile. Bad service can often taint my meal however I have been eating Chinese food my whole life and am used to the occasional cold shoulder. At restaurants like KN service is not what they are known for or what they have built their rep on, it's bad ass Chinese cuisine.

BATHROOMS: standard, clean, downstairs. 

FINAL THOUGHTS: If you love Chinese food you must eat here. You can't go wrong with the menu because everything is executed and seasoned well. It is also one of the nicer looking Chinese restaurants you can go into wearing jogging pants if u had to. Do it.
