osvcl7Fh_J5VwUikh5Vskg I came here with my friend on a Sunday night because she hadn't come for a long time. It was fairly busy so that was a good sign.  The decor is very "Hollywood" themed so I guess that goes with the name of the place. It's a little dated though and with old comes worn-down but it was fairly clean for an HK style restaurant. Servers were friendly although some struggled with English.

We both got a set menu dinner that came with soup (cream or borcht), a small salad with french onion sauce and a sweet dinner bun with butter and shared a basket of deep fried goodies. Soup and bun were standard. Buns were warmed so that was nice.

I got the Short Ribs in Black Pepper Sauce served with rice and a side of vegetables (around $7.99-8.99). I was surprised that I got three rows of at least 5-6 sections of meat! The flavour was good, just a tad salty but it was pretty tough. It could have been cooked longer needless to say. But portion wise, I feel like I got my bang for my buck.

My friend got a Pan-fried Chicken in Garlic sauce served with spaghetti and vegetables ($7.99ish). Again, portions were very big for the price. She got a very big piece of de-boned thigh and drumstick and a piece of chicken breast slathered in garlic sauce. (If you like garlic then you should always get the garlic sauce). My friend liked the sauce so much that she mixed it up with the spaghetti, and even when she couldn't finish it she wanted to bring it home. The meat was tender, flavourful and not too salty. 

The basket of deep fried food included: chicken wings, chicken nuggets, fishballs, onion rings, fries and bacon wrapped hot dog pieces which came with a bowl of gravy ($14.99). The things I didn't like were the chicken nuggets because they tasted kind of old like freezer burned, the skin of the fishballs were TOUGH LIKE LEATHER and the bacon wrapped hot dogs were so salty and they weren't really special at all. Alternatively the wings were good, the onion rings were VERY GOOD and the fries are like Costco fries which are self-explanatory.

I would go again for the amount of food, decent taste and their cheap prices.
