osvcl7Fh_J5VwUikh5Vskg It saddens me to have to write such a crappy review about this place; as I used to come here all the time. 

This past week, we have been at this location 3 times. Mainly for their wings and pitcher of beer combo. The first two times were great, we tried the hk style wings and curry wings our first time and the second time hk style wings and pepper and chilli. The wings always came out battered but delicious. It was soft and the meat was cooked perfectly. We go to the market village location and the newer location as well. We NEVER complain and whether we get good service or sometimes mediocre (due to volume) service, we always tip 20% because we enjoy eating at these two locations.

Yesterday night is by far the worst service I have ever received. 

It was a Saturday, November 7th, 2015 around 1030pm. I wanted to bring our friend to try out the wings since we were raving about. We decided to also order the baked spaghetti which we always get. It was the first thing that came out and unfortunately, didn't taste as good as cafe hollywood. There was no cheese and was bland. Our wings came out afterwards and it looked different from the last two times we came in this past week. It looked like the breading was hard or old (old oil maybe you should change the oil instead of being cheap asses), or too much breading. 

So we taste one and it didn't taste the same. I've looked through pictures on here and that's how our wings were cooked this past week. But I wish I took a picture of last nights wings, they looked dark, over cooked and the breading was seriously not the same.

We made a polite inquiry about the wings to our waitress and she gives it to the manager. The manager at the back counter tries one of our wings. He then comes to us explaining that he can't do anything about it and that there is nothing wrong with wings. We explained that we came here for the past 2 days this week and the wings didn't look or taste the same. So he tells us he's going to try to get the kitchen to do it again but that's it. After that we have to pay for it. 

Before the wings come out a second time, he comes back up to the table with the chicken wing and starts to eat it in front of us. While chewing with his mouth open, he tells us that there is nothing wrong with the chicken wing, look i'm eating it and there's nothing wrong with it. I don't know about you guys, but restaurants (chinese or not) don't take the food that you've ordered and eat it in front of you guys explaining that there's nothing wrong with it. 

It should have stopped when we told him we are regulars, and the worst part is that I've seen him at the newer location and he probably doesn't even recognize us. We go every sunday and it's such a pain to try and find something convenient like that around our area.

Last but not least, as I was paying the bill with the debit machine, he expected me to put in the amount myself on the debit machine. What a tool.
