oWM1ZEsqgJYMgvLbWUwuaw This is a review reference a visit my wife encounted regarding SpaMassage For You in Scottsdale.  See her review listed under LoriC.  

One of the owners, Beverly, provided the response listed below.  She neglected to address the fact that they did not honor the voucher in full.  This was not about funds, or a misunderstanding.  This was strictly about this business not honoring the Living Social voucher in full.

As a successful business owner, I use Groupon and Living Social on occasion.  The purpose is to bring in new clients, and hope that they will potentially use our services in the future.  Never at any time would I speak to a client the way the male owner spoke to my wife.  Never at any time would I neglect to honor a special in full.  Never at any time would I try to extort additional monies from my clients.  

Nowhere in the description or the Fine Print of the voucher does it state that you will receive better treatment if you join their membership program; nor does it state that if you don't purchase anything additional that you cannot use your voucher until a minimum of 5 weeks out (or 8 weeks which is what the male owner quoted my wife as he was yelling at her).  

Beverly, and anyone else reading this review:  Be crystal clear on this; there was absolutely no confusion on my wife's part.  The coupons are crystal clear.  The two 90 minute massages were paid for, in full, in advance.  SpaMassage for You did not honor the services promised in the voucher.

You will not be receiving any positive feedback or future business from us, our family or friends.  


7/4/2014 
*Hi Lori,

We appreciate your review on Yelp.  First of all we would like to honor our promotion for a free foot scrub for giving us a review on yelp.  

I am sorry for the confusion regarding our policies when you came in on July 2/14.  We explained to you about our loyalty rate program $49 per hour, prepaying for 1 massage in advance to get a great discount with the therapist of your choice.  (no contract).  You stated that you did not have the funds that day, so we worked with you to get the payment by the end of the next business day and you thanked us for being understanding. 

Unfortunately, we did not hear from you within that time period so our verbal agreement of the loyalty member discount became void, but you are always eligible to pay for our full priced massage of  $59.00 per hour which you declined as well.

Members of our spa loyalty or not (pre paid or full priced services), will have first opportunity to book their appointments with the therapist of their choice within 1 to 2 weeks depending on availability.  Coupons that are highly discounted receive our newer therapists looking to build their client base.  Based upon the availability of these therapists, we are booking about 5 weeks out.  

We offered your husband the loyalty rate pricing to see Kelly to get him in sooner but you declined this as well.

I am sorry that your expectations were not met, these are our policies, and we wish you the best of luck finding a spa that meet your needs.

Regards,
SpaMassage For You
