oWM1ZEsqgJYMgvLbWUwuaw I have never been more disrespected in my life then I was today. I called to set up an appointment for my free message. Apparently they won't honor my free message cause I didn't prepay for another message. This makes no sense to me. How could you offer a free message if you have to prepay for the service? I was told during my last visit that they would honor my message. Instead of this happening   the owner called me up and instantly started yelling at me how I'm not worth his time and he isn't going to give me a message. As I tried to explain what I was told he instantly started talking over me and arguing with whatever I was saying and started calling me a liar.  I'm disgusted with this companies customer service.  If you like mediocre messages and liked to be disrespected this is the place to go!

This place continues to sicken me. They have the nerves to call me up after I post my review and continue to attack me. Tell how I have made them angry now and basically called me dumb for not understanding their "policies". They should of been clear on day one what their "policies" were and what they were doing with my stamp card. Instead they just come up with their own rules on what they want to do when they want to do it.

Point proven on how horrible these people are. They harassed me In phone calls and continue with their reply to my comment. When I was handed my stamp card Beverly stamped it for both of us. Never offered each of us our own and continued telling us that when we get it filled out one of us could use it for a free hour massage or split it up. When I told Beverly we were moving she gave me my last stamp and said no could use it and get my free massage.  When they found out we weren't going to continue with their business they started attacking me on honoring what they promised. A professional company would have apologized for the miscommunication instead of instantly getting nasty. What you guys lost out on is a positive word of mouth for your business.
