OyBStpjF5e_iRCMXflFasQ Evo makes the best Sichuan food in CU.  I've eaten there dozens of times, and I've had almost everything in the "Chinese Special", "Water Boiled", and "Sichuan Special" categories of their menu, as well as a variety of other dishes (appetizers, vegetables, noodles, etc.).  From personal experience I can say that the food at Evo is exactly like what you would get at a restaurant in Chengdu or Chongqing, China.  If you are looking for authentic Sichuan food in CU, then this is the place to get it.

A few notes on other issues:
Like others have mentioned, the service is lacking.  The basic problem is that they don't have enough servers, so the ones they have are overburdened during busy times, and exhausted during the slow time between lunch and dinner.  As a result you are better off ordering at the counter and then telling them where you are sitting, rather than waiting for a waiter.  I don't dock them a star for this because ordering at the counter is easy to do, and is not unusual for this type of restaurant (for example, at Golden Harbor you have no choice but to order at the counter).  And once you order, the food arrives quickly.

The "fast food" option is lackluster.  But you get what you pay for.  If you think a cheap buffet is going to give you mind-blowing food at any restaurant, you are delusional.  If you want better food, then order off the menu and pay menu prices, and that's what you'll get.

Some complain that the food is oily and salty.  Of course it is.  That's what Sichuan food is.  That's why you eat it with plain white rice.  If you don't want authentic Chinese food, you're in the wrong restaurant.

Some complain about the quality of the Beef and Broccoli or the General Tso's Chicken, or whatever.  If you want American style Chinese food, go to an American style Chinese restaurant.  Evo is about authentic Sichuan food.  Would you go to Crane Alley and order a Big Mac?


To sum up: Evo is not primarily a "fast food Chinese joint," it is not an American style Chinese restaurant like Panda Express, it is not a fine dining establishment with white linen table cloths, a wine list, and a waiter with a French accent.  It is authentic Sichuan food cooked just like it is in China.  If that's what you're looking for, then this is the place for you (as attested by the huge number of Chinese students who eat there all the time).  If that's not what you're looking for, then go somewhere else and stop downrating Evo out of your own ignorance.
