2Q89PhkcyT9uZnQORmqMKg Not HK, but you're not gonna jet off every time you get a hankering for roast duck or bbq pork.  Mind you, it's getting 4, for what it is, relative to competition in area; compared to hk, i'd give this a 2 - 2.5, but for dtwn Toronto, at these prices, yup, 4 for value, cleanliness, and near-ness to authentic.  I feel safe eating here.  Jodie Foster's safe room for bbq.

PLACE

Sometimes, in C-town, the food's good, but the place's a pit, or it's just located subterranean : ) They did a good reno here, tables spaced out aplenty, doesn't feel like the Asian Legend Confessionals, side by side.  Feels clean, not bad for area.
I go to Asian Legend to catch up on local gossip.

FOOD

Busy, stuff`s fresh, as you may peruse hangings in window.  I find that when you dine in, they tend to pick better cuts.  If you do buy for takeout, remember you can always indicate which slab, which rib of whole pig, so on, so forth, you`d like, and, remember, that whatever you ask for, say, $5 of bbq pork, it`ll always be, is $6 or 7 ok?

Shrimp wonton egg noodle, really, for a pittance, you get 5 big suckers, plus, for me, a double-serving of egg noodles, always reach for the hot sauce in the silver mini-teapot, mix it up with red vinegar and soy sauce to your liking for wonton dipping.  Most folk sprinkle generously white pepper on soup.  Too bad this joint is a bit short on the veg in this dish.  Maybe the house special wonton noodle has got more veg.

Roast Duck.  Not bad.  On par with anything in area.  Add that to the fact I don't mind sitting in this resto for 15 - 20 min, it's a win for me.

SERVICE

Now, now, when it gets busy, as it is across pond left, you get seated at the big rounds, the group tables, also double as communal tables, totally fine, go with it.  You're given a plastic tag with a letter and number, this will correspond with your bill, pay up front, I always do, don't think they have one of those wireless card machines.  

Credit's fine, if bill's over $20, if not, still fine, but you'll be charged .75 fee.

No designated waiter, grab anyone you see, whenever you need someone, plenty circu., pooled tips, surely.

The service is efficient, don't expect to gab, regulars get a bit more banter, but the service can only be quick if you're quick, so, ya know, forego the hemming and hawing, try some kind of bbq meats combo platter, as for the rest, just say, send me a beef or chicken dish, give me a soup, let your server pick for you.  Stay away from the sweet and sour and general tao variety, same goes for chop suey, say give me sth most reg chinese families would order.

Soup, veg, 2 meat dishes, white rice, stew, fish, etc.  Really stir it up, try the rest of the menu.

My lunch of wonton and duck rice bowl came out to 10 bucks.  Could easily feed two of me.

For those of you sold on the lore of Kom Jug Yuen, this is considerably better.  Honestly, KJY grosses me the f out, how do you ppl eat there?  Or eat out from there?  Fraaaaaaack, do you also dumpster-dive?
