pB9ZZGJaApSw2PMcOTc8og I want to preface this review by saying that I'm close friends with one of the sushi chef's in training, so we got a seat right at the sushi bar and really had a great opportunity to chat.  That being said, I will review this strictly on the quality of food, since we received some deep discounts due to being VIP guests.  (C'mon now, you know you all get discounts too when you personally know the staff/chefs, so quit your whinin'!)

The quality of the fish was excellent... some of the best sushi I've had in my existence.  The key to getting good sushi is to trust in the chef, and ask them what is fresh, and what they would suggest (omakase style).  

We had a sashimi appetizer platter to start which featured blue fin, yellow tail, o-toro (yes, the good stuff!), and a few other pieces.  Served with fresh wasabi root (not the hydrated green powdery stuff), this appetizer really woke our stomachs and senses.

We had a few different rolls per the chef's suggestion, and all were spectacular (including some off the menu rolls).  The kim bap roll was highly recommended, and the quality was definitely memorable, better than most Korean-mom kim bop rolls I've had in my life.

We asked for ama-ebi (sweet shrimp), which was soft, tender, and sweet, with perfectly fried shrimp head to back.  This was the first time I've had such perfectly made ama-ebi, and it's made me want to continue my search in Chicago.

Some tasty mochi desserts, a few bottle of sake, and all in all, it was a very enjoyable night for my compadres and I.  

I'm sorry for those that have found a bad experience at Otaku, as it sounds like most of it is waitstaff issues... but as a sushi fanatic, my advice to you is this:

1.  Don't ask for a table if you're party is smaller than 4... ask for a spot at the sushi counter, because that's how sushi is meant to be served.  Getting to know your chef, the chef getting to know you, having drinks together, etc.  

2.  Ask the chef what he/she recommends.  Not all fish are equally fresh, and the chef will know what's best for the day.  And if you can provide them with your own past experience of what you liked/didn't like, they'll likely craft a sushi experience for you that you'll love.

Verdict:  If only Otaku were in Chicago... I might go broke.  Delicious sushi, and worth a visit!
