-M9S1wlZTvv6T9EOo5X2Yw Very disorganized. My second time coming here, I came on January 15 and 29. We went early for early morning dim sum which is S-L for $2.90. We found out after we got our bill that it was regular price because it was CNY. Fine, I am fine with paying for it since we already ate it, but no one said anything and there was no sign. However if it's going to be full price, I am going to pay by credit.  We asked one waitress and she seemed confused. Then I said,"if it is full price, I should be able to pay by credit card". She said she would check. She asked someone else and he seemed confused. Four people seemed confused that I would want to pay by credit card. One guy even said it was okay for today since it is regular price but usually you can't at this time. I said "I know". That bothered me that they made such a thing about me paying by credit card, yet they didn't tell their customers that this was regular price even for morning dim sum. Cause why would we rush for morning when we could have come in the afternoon? Also if they didn't have time to explain or figured everyone would think this due to CNY, then they can cross it off at the bottom of the ordering sheet when we are seated. Then at least we have expectations. Afterwards, we over heard other people leaving that they didn't know it wasn't cheaper dim sum. Also, their waiters were so disorganized. I think they mixed a single table number with our number. So they constantly had to go between our table and that person's table. Even when the 1st dish came, we knew there was no way it was ours since our order sheet didn't come back yet.  So they had to come over to compare. So the other guy in the other table wasn't happy since his food was coming to my table. When a server would drop food down, and it was already crossed off they would ask why. Then we would say we ate it already and it must be for that table. Then they didn't get that their restaurant might have an error, so they said but isn't this your table number? And it was but it's not ours. I mean, if we say we ate it, what are they going to do? Why bother arguing with us? We still have to pay for it cause it was crossed off. Finally the greeting lady had to step in. The food wasn't bad but the service is really really bad. Last time I had the durian puff and it was frozen on the inside so I didn't order that this time. I still left a tip but the more I think about it, the more I wish I didn't.
