pdr6U7qSa9jIivVy_glF-w Wow...

I cannot believe the number of times I drove by without noticing this restaurant in the strip mall.  Today, I noticed.  In reading the reviews for China Town Buffet after my visit, I must echo the sentiment that I took a risk and lost.

First strike came on my arrival at 3:30 PM.  The menu lists prices by age and time.  Though the restaurant does not close between 3:30 and 4 PM,  there is no price listed for this time.  The register person asked me for $11.49 when I stepped up.  I pointed out the menu and my watch, that the time was 3:30 PM and there was no consideration for 3:30-4 PM.  He advised that because the dinner menu was far superior to the lunch menu, and they had already started to change from lunch to dinner menu, my charge would reflect the dinner menu price.

I asked for a menu, to compare the difference between lunch and dinner; the register person replied that as it was a buffet, no menus were available.  Pursuing the topic, I asked how to know the dinner menu was superior to the lunch menu.  Register dude replied that everything on the buffet would be replaced fresh...that was one major benefit.  He could not name any item differences, only that the whole thing would be fresh again at 4 PM.

The restaurant is a bit worn down...tho no springs are showing through the upholstery.  I figured since I was at changeover time between lunch and dinner, and had been advised that the dinner menu was far superior to the lunch menu, I could wait until everything had been replaced (4 PM), so I enjoyed some water while I perused email and news and got caught up on all the electronic communication I could.   The table was wiped, though the salt and pepper shakers and napkin holder were a little sticky and apparently have not have been cleaned in a long time. 

4 PM, when the dinner presentation should have been new, I went to the buffet, picked up a plate and made myself available to the offerings.  California roll looked OK, though old as the avocado had turned black.  Other offerings on the sushi tray were not quite so attractive; shrimp and fish starting to dry.  At the hot buffet, Lo Mein was new (I saw it loaded into the steam tray) and had a pool of grease in the bottom of the pan.  Some other items were full containers (not sure if new, but full), while others were obviously hangers on from the lunch setting, being half or more empty with dry contents.

Service guy would show up about every 5 minutes, stir stuff that was in less than full containers, pick up empty containers and put full containers into place.  I asked him when the dinner service would be ready.  He replied "No English".  I took my Lo Mein and California roll back to the table.  

Heat for Lo Mein on arrival at the table was lukewarm.  Plenty of celery, plenty of soy (not fish) sauce, some cabbage and carrot, nothing noteworthy.  The California Roll...eeh...adequate view, poor preparation, strike two on the event.  There was mayonnaise in the rice, the carrot was shredded, not chopped, the avocado was black as it sat.  Wasabi was probably not fresh, certainly not hot.

On working through the California Roll and Lo Mein, I kept an eye on the hot bar, waiting for the 4 PM start (it's 4:15 PM at this point).  In my wait, I took the opportunity to go to the restroom.  While the dirt is not ground in, the bathroom should have been maintained sometime between opening and now, as the soap scum on and around the sink, the full trash container and the toilet paper on the floor do not inspire confidence in the running of the establishment.  

Returning from the restroom, I saw that the General Tso chicken has been replaced, tho nothing else of interest.  Picking up a new plate, I went back through the line behind a husband, wife and 10-year old (my guess...he was over 4 ft tall).  Watching Mum and Dad work their way down the buffet was unremarkable.  Watching Junior using his fingers and fork to sample any item that looked interesting, including General Tso Chicken, so sorry...not gonna follow after for 'sampled' food.

I returned to the table...picked up my cellphone and promptly left the restaurant.  There was no way I could continue.  EWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW
