pdr6U7qSa9jIivVy_glF-w I wasn't quite sure what to make of this place...The food was fine, but it was the people...THE PEOPLE!

As a girl gamer who keeps her inner geek firmly behind closed doors (until now!), I didn't know what to make of the table full of guys were dining there prior to their WoW (World of Warcraft) raid.

"Hurry up, man. We have to leave. Raid starts in forty five mins."
"Chill, dude. We're only around the corner from the house."
"My internet and wifi connection might have to be re-booted."
"My hunter needs blah blah blah..."

I tuned out and decided to focus on my food and surroundings. 

The restaurant itself is a bit rundown, but the tables and chairs were clean, even if the napkin dispenser on the table wasn't. I didn't feel itchy like I have in some places. So I was quite all right with the cleanliness. I did have issues with people not having "buffet etiquette" - using the same plate to go back to the buffet line, picking with their fingers to get at food when there are tongs there, using a spoon in the tray to not only get the food from that specific tray, but to reach and get the stuff next to it because you're too lazy to put the spoon down and use the properly allocated one? boo to you! I think it just came from living in Vegas and hitting the buffets with family and friends when they'd roll into town - Vegas was pretty strict and they had no qualms in telling you to get a fresh plate and to not cross contaminate the utensils. Anyway, I digres...

It's rare to eat at a Chinese buffet that isn't greasy...and this wasn't greasy. The selection was pretty big and the fruit was so good! I was really taken by surprise by this whole place - food was fresh and actually good! They didn't use MSG and they didn't douse everything with soy sauce and salt.

But...

I was enjoying my food until...a biiiiig girl in a tiiiiiiny denim miniskirt with the words "Delicious" embroidered on the back part of her butt bent over and...much to my horror and chagrin, showed me a cat I did not care to see. It looked so ANGRY!

My eyes welled up with tears and my friend thought I was choking until she followed my line of sight. "OH DEAR GOD!!!!" was all she could say. Even the gamers were rendered speechless. It was a total bonding moment between our two tables.

What has been seen cannot be unseen.

Oh dear God indeed.

Indeed.
