pFg0ZuTVVZMZpANZXI0LtA Hands down the best Vietnamese food this side of Cleveland! The menu is quite extensive, offering a full selection of Vietnamese and Chinese foods. They serve breakfast, lunch and dinner, as well. My boyfriend and I are big fans of non-chain restaurant take-out foods. We have their number on speed dial!!! (If only they delivered!) We are weekly patrons there!  It makes my week to eat food from there! They even sell big bags of Lotus loose green tea, which I love! 

The owners are really nice and prepare their food fast and with a lot of care. They have a lot of options for vegetarians! One of my favorites from them is the Singapore noodles with tofu. And the Pad Thai is excellent, too. I have it made with tofu or shrimp and no egg, extra spicy. The crab rangoon is always crisp and creamy and the Vietnamese spring rolls are super, too! I recently ventured to the Chinese side of the menu and ordered up some Kung Pao tofu, extra spicy. I've never had tofu prepared that way and I loved it! The tofu was deep fried, with lots of peanuts, scallions and the red sauce was on point! One small gripe is that their fried rice is a bit lacking. They only put fried egg in it, nothing else. 

My boyfriend really enjoys the Vietnamese Grill with noodles, shrimp and beef. It all comes on a bed of noodles with chopped up eggrolls, cucumbers and carrots on the side. And a clear sweet/sour sauce to drizzle over all of it. He also raves about the Vietnamese Rice Soup with beef.  Tastes like Grandma made it. Great comfort food! 

He recently tried the Pho noodle soup for the first time. The owner stressed that beef was raw, you must cook good! That was a little tricky, getting the thinly sliced raw beef to cook in the broth. After many microwave attempts, we just put it all in a pot on the stove, which we should have done to start with, but we were really HANGRY! So, the Pho is not a take-out friendly item. I would suggest having this as a sit-down meal at the restaurant itself, which we plan on doing in the near future. 

I look forward to exploring their menu every time. Everything we've had from them has been excellent! It's really nice to have options other than the typical Chinese take-out foods, in this neck of the woods! We have big love for The Golden Sea!!!  Amen and hallelujah!!!
