2Q89PhkcyT9uZnQORmqMKg Two of us went here for the peking Duck special. For $41 you get Peking duck in two courses two dishes and soup. The price is a little deceptive because rice isn't included, and you pay an extra $1.50 a bowl for steamed rice, but it is still enough food to feed four (though you wouldn't get 4 soups). 

We started with soup, and we got hot and sour soup. Perhaps a bad choice on my part, but it was pretty horrible. Very gelatinous and thick, without a ton of flavor. I wouldn't order it again.

The peking duck comes out in two courses. The first is the way that I normally think of peking duck, with the pancakes. It was lovely, and greasy, with lots of skin and not a lot of meat. There were plenty of pancakes and they were not dry or tough like they can often be. We devoured the first dish. You get two choices for how you want your second dish of duck. We picked the ginger and onions variety that comes with the bones. This was yummy, but hard to eat since we were basically eating around the bones. 

There were about 35 different dishes that you could choose for your side dishes (and you could pay extra to get more dishes if you wanted). We picked the greens and the eggplant with pork. The greens were simply greens with garlic, but they were nicely done, and it was good to have something healthy feeling in the meal. The eggplant wasn't actually very spicy and the pork seemed kind of unnecessary. Though sauce was thick in that corn starch way, but it was lovely. 

We ended up taking a ton of food home and I'm not at all sure how it will be the next day.

Service was quick and a bit sharp, but without being unfriendly. They took time to answer our questions, but at the same time were not going to stand around and wait for us to decide. It worked out well enough for us. 

Dinner came to a total of $48 after tax and one bowl of steamed rice without tip. We would have needed a lot more rice if we had really made a dent in our two side dishes. Definitely felt like good value for the money. The restaurant itself was also clean, and well populated, in a traditional Western Chinese way. Clientele was actually mostly Chinese. 

A totally solid offering for the peking duck craving, probably not somewhere that I would eat often.
