PglC8rgguMIlT621p1BLdQ I haven't had dim sum in a while, so I was hoping for good things out of this newer spot. I wasn't disappointed.

Yum Cha is a dim sum restaurant located in the Walgreens plaza at the southwest corner of Tropicana and Decatur. Its name is literally the term for eating dim sum, but they do have a menu of other items which my group (Stefany V., Bethany E., and other friends) ignored while we had our Sunday "brunch" (boozeless as it was).

There is also a picture menu of the various dim sum items, which is helpful not just to non-Chinese speakers, but also for just seeing the entire breadth of the selection that this place serves. Regular items are $2.88 on weekdays and $3.28 on weekend/holidays, and they appear to be available from carts that circle the spacious room. Other typical dim sum items are priced in the $3.98-$5.98 range, and these were actually cooked in the kitchen to-order.

Needless to say, I tried quite an array of items. My favorite were as follows:

Taro Dumpling ($3.98) - one of my favorites to order anywhere, a pork-filled taro treat with a crispy exterior that wasn't as greasy as expected.

Shrimp Rice Noodle ($3.98) - shrimp and rice wrapper both were cooked right, and it just hit the spot.

Chicken Feet ($3.28) - a fall-apart treat marinated in a nice sauce, not too try and with a gelatinous texture. As always, this is simply fun to eat, even with the multitude of bones.

Shrimp & Pork Shumai ($3.28) - ground meat in a wrapper, and one of the most flavorful renditions that I've had in a while.

Radish Cake ($3.98) - a surprisingly crispy version, perhaps because it was cooked fresh instead of being carted around in a container and losing the subtle crunch due to steam. Didn't even need soy sauce on this.

Bake Lava Custard Bun ($3.98) - they didn't have egg tarts available for some reason, but this was a great alternative. Another nice exterior, moist yet cooked sweet dough, and a sweet interior that's smooth but not silky - by that, I mean that there's a bit of texture, but nothing off-putting. It wasn't served hot though, so the interior didn't really flow.

-----

I was pretty happy with the other items too, including Har Gow ("Shrimp Dumpling"), Steam BBQ Pork Bun, Beef (meat)Ball, Steam Pork Ribs, Beef Tripe, Veggie Egg Noodle, and Salt & Pepper Calamari. I should note that the Xiao Long Bao was enjoyable, but it clearly does not meet the expectation of a soupy dumpling; I could tell despite not having much if any experience with this much sought-after speciality.

I will definitely return to Yum Cha some time to yum cha. The offerings here are reasonably priced, generally delicious and among the best that I've tried in this town's not-particularly-known-for-dim-sum scene. I wasn't completely blown away by most of the items, but I wasn't outright disappointed by anything as I have been at other places. I definitely missed out on trying some items, and I will have to rectify that issue in the future.
