pH0BLkL4cbxKzu471VZnuA In early May I was in Las Vegas on business and wanted to entertain some colleagues for dinner. We were a party of eleven and with that many pallets to please, we needed something different, we needed SUSHISAMBA. 

A couple people in the group had been here before and spoke highly of the fusion restaurant, but for many of us this would be our first time so we made a reservation for 7pm. Typically when we travel for business there is always one or two people who join your group at the last minute, so we held a table for thirteen just in case. 

Most of us arrived to the restaurant on time however two people were running a few minutes late but on their way. Unfortunately because we were not a party of ten, the server refused to seat us, even though it would only be a few minutes for them to arrive. She also said they could only hold our reservation for 10 minutes.  Needless to say, they arrived in time, but I thought that it was not only a poor business decision to seat us early (most people will enjoy a cocktail or two while waiting) but just rude. 

We were seated in the far back of the restaurant and the servers were very attentive. They quickly explained the Brazilian-Peruvian-Japanese fusion concept of the restaurant and then without missing a beat he began to pitch us on the "Chef's Choice" option to the menu. I will admit, it was a good pitch, but obviously too good to be true. With this option the chef would listen to our likes and dislikes and create dishes that appeal to our tastes based on our budget, much like when dining at a Chef's Table.  The catch to this.... The restaurant was packed, there is no way the kitchen is creating anything special for us.... They're just serving menu items that will maximize your budget and increase your check. 

Sadly five of us fell for it and ordered the "Chef's Choice" menu, the rest of us ordered ala carte and decided we would share plates amongst each other and asked for separate checks.  Funny enough most of the plates that were being served off the "Chef's Choice" menu were the same plates we ordered, but with a few exceptions.  The food was good.  It by no means blew me away, but nothing I ate was bad and I really cant find anything negative to say about it. We had a number of small dishes that included edamame, seaweed salad, rock shrimp and wagyu gyoza, plus an assortment of sushi rolls. 

The checks came and as expected the "Chef's Choice" total was nearly $100 more than the ala carte (and we had an extra person).  I signed the bill, put the receipt in my wallet and didn't look at it again until I got back to the office and had to submit my expenses. 

As I reviewed the bill I took notice to the quantities of the plates ordered. We specifically ordered different items knowing that we were sharing, so I was surprised to see that I had duplicates on five items. I know we all liked the rock shrimp and ordered another plate, so that wasn't a concern. However there was only one other questionable roll that no one recalls ordering and the other three were definitely not ordered, delivered or consumed.... But we paid for it. 

We aren't talking about a lot of money here - $36 - $55, but it's the fact we were obviously taken advantage of.  Maybe the waiter wanted a bigger tip, perhaps the restaurant wanted to recoup some funds because we didn't take the "Chef's Choice"? Either way I wrote the management group letting them know of my disappointment.  In the end I got an email from the general manager offering to return my $36 with an apology. 


As a chef, when I am dining out I expect my experience to meet an acceptable level of expectations that may differ from others, however lets face it, with so many choices available these days a restaurant has to be spot on to keep you coming back.  Apparently in this case SUSHISAMBA needs the money more than I do as I will not be going back.
