pH0BLkL4cbxKzu471VZnuA I recently had one of the best meals of my life at SushiSamba. I was visiting Vegas on my own and decided to treat myself to a dinner at this restaurant that I used to love in Chicago, before it shut down (sadly). It had been so long that I really got to try a lot of new things on the menu and I was in love with all of them.  I started out with a glass of sparkling rose because I'm classy like that. Managers Michael and Jeremy gave me a primo spot to sip my bubbles and watch the fabulous crowd pour in for the dinner service. They also handed me a beautiful taster of their cucumber cocktail, which was fantastic. 

Next Jeremy brought me over one of the yellow tail taquitos, which had a crisp shell and a flavorful foam to spoon on top. It was a great amuse bouche. Along with that, I ordered the Wagyu beef gyoza. The beef just melted in your mouth. It was so good. I tried to slow myself down to savor every bite of the tender meat in the dumplings. The sauce that came with them was also an integral part of their savory goodness. I think I could eat those dumplings every day until the day I die and still ask for them in heaven (or hell, depending on where I end up). 

The next dish I ordered was the Yamato sushi, which sounded like the absolute most decadent sushi roll I could ever possibly order. And it was. And I loved it. Starting with white sushi rice, topped with flavorful fresh tuna, the smallest most perfect piece of foie gras, a dot of caviar, and topped with gold flake. I mean come on. I felt like the Queen of Sheba! Each bite was a beautiful rich, even slightly sweet (from the sauce) morsel. It felt light and sinful at the same time.

Then, Michael stopped by to check on me and suggested I order the Sea Bass Robata. Two skewers of meaty sea bass grilled with a delicious miso sauce. They were the perfect bite to pair with the giant Peruvian corn kernels served on the side. And I ordered mashed purple potatoes to top off the meal. Everything was cooked to perfection. I just felt so grateful and happy to be there.

When it came time for dessert, I was so full that all I wanted was coffee. So I ordered an espresso with a single scoop of chocolate ice cream, which was a great finish to an amazing meal. Then Michael and Jeremy brought me one more surprise: an ice cream pop. Mango ice cream covered with a white chocolate shell and graham cracker.

Everything was just awesome. Michael and Jeremy did a great job, as did my server, also named Michael. Amazing dinner in a really fun city. Beautiful decor. They really made me feel right at home!
