pH0BLkL4cbxKzu471VZnuA I almost want to give this a 5. Near oh my god moment, but not quite.

This is a little misleading. I swear this came up under "Chinese" on Yelp while we were looking for something (in a group of four) but this is definitely not Chinese. It's Japanese Brazilian fusion, which I had never had, but was awesome. The menu is a bid daunting, but the waitress offered to bring out a tasting menu for us, based on the common questions like, "are you OK with raw fish," "do you have allergies," "how do you eat red meat," etc. This was helpful - usually I'm not fazed by the large menu, but for some reason I was having problems focusing. Worth mentioning they say up front that they'll take back anything we don't like, no charge, and they do ask for a budget to keep them in line.

What we got was really pretty exceptional. Gyoza steamed and pan fried, hamachi taquitos (not what you're thinking - not the deep fried rolls, but little taco shells filled with hamachi sashimi), seared tuna with baby greens and crunchy salt, and portabella fries with kabocha aioli. All sounds fancy, all really good.

Then a warm plate - grilled sea bass with a sweet glaze, filet mignon (not their A5 wagyu, which we were offered for an upcharge, but declined) and king crab leg, all with a side of elote. The bass was good - tender and flaky, and I like the glaze. But it was crazy overpowered by the beef and crab. Firstly, the beef was far superior to what we had at N9NE. Tender, flavorful, and with a great salt and pepper crust on the outside, served with a little pile of powdered chile for dipping. And the crab was that near oh my god moment. An *enormous* king crab leg, brushed with a sort of thick butter sauce, served piping hot. Wow, this was exceptional. And while I guess I should expect it, points to the restaurant for realizing that serving a filet and a crab leg family style to diners that have only chopsticks required that you slice things up in to nice little bite sized pieces.

Finally, sushi. Their Neo Tokyo roll, which is their version of the spicy tuna, a hamachi roll with spicy crab and avocado on top, a tuna roll with asparagus, dusted with wasabi, and an assortment of sashimi and nigiri. As well as a hot roll - something covered in melted mozzarella, crispy onions and a sweet sauce. All of the cold rolls were good - I especially liked their Neo Tokyo roll. The sashimi was also very good, but the hot roll...I could do without. It was in interesting twist - not just the cheese was hot, but the entire roll, rice and all. However, the cheese and a heaping helping of onion and sauce overpowered whatever might have been inside. This was about the only misstep I could find.

The atmosphere is odd - lots of pounding techno music, along with an odd video collage (on many many video screens) of Brazilian beach babes, bullet trains, Brazilian slums, and Japanese salarymen trudging to their soul-murdering jobs. Not sure what they were going for. But whatever.

Great spot - Chinese though it wasn't, we all were appropriately full when it was over (not hungry, no stuffed) and we all agreed we'd be back. The total bill, excluding drinks, was probably about $65 per person. I loved the mix of appetizers, hot beef and seafood, and sushi. If you're going with a group, this is a fun way to try stuff without having to worry about reading a menu.
