pH0BLkL4cbxKzu471VZnuA Came here on the reccomendation with Chef Micheal Cressoti and I was impressed. It's located at the top floor of the palazzo with a hip and dark ambiance. Okay people it's dark crowded and loud. Do you forget where you are?!? It's las vegas people!! This is what you should expect. This is the new era where sushi is supposed to be hip. I took my girfriend and a third wheel there for a dinner and pretty much ordered the omakase. As a person who worked around in sushi restaraunts, lived in Peru, and surrounded by Brazileros, I still was taught I had alot more to learn about the cuisine and the complex flavors on the palate when mixed together. Honestly unless you're ordering the kobe beef roll or the fuie gras sushi... skip the whole sushi list. The rolls are great but for the price, I would opt out for the kitchen orders. Spicy tuna was a little different but nothing to make you stand up and dance. The red miso sea bass (I believe that was the fish) skewers are to die for. The grill is special grill where they use woodchips brought in from Japan. This is the kind of special treatment the chefs use to creats such dishes, so the price is reasonable. All their fish is line caught so for the environmentally conscience, expect to pay more for sushi as opposed to other sushi restaraunts. Their ceviche was very light and refreshing, so was the yellowtail sashimi and the ceviche. The kobe beef tacos. Sorry Kogi was okay for me. Asian tacos are as good as it gets, but kobe beef tacos who can possibly resist. It was spectacular with the spicy emulsion that was served on the side. The duck confit with wil mushroom is a must order. Succulent morsels of variety of mushrooms and the perfectly cooked medium rare breast of duck just melted in your mouth. The sake sommelier was very friendly and knew her alcohol, so if you are interested in ordering sake ask for the pro. From here and there, after 5 other dishes, we ended up with dessert. The chocolate cake, which they said was great, was rather just good, BUT the carrot cake. I HATE carrot cake, but the pastry chef, she whippped up something so magical and delicious. Not too sweet, not too heavy, not too bready... if you can understand what I mean, you will love this cake. In a cake, I look for the perfect balance of sweetness and richness, that will just top off your great meal. Not to overwhelm your palate and your stomach but make a nice closure to the expensive meal you just enjoyed. It was the best carrot cake I've had. Overall the staff was friendly and the general manager was kind enough to explain to me about the food and the kitchen, since I work in the kitchen as well. I left there extremely happy and with an impressed gf and third wheel. Thank you sushi samba.
