pH0BLkL4cbxKzu471VZnuA I was really excited about coming here after reading some of these reviews. This is gonna be a long one, please hang in there. 

Reading about the Omakase experiences was what got me interested. I'll spare you the details on the interior. (Aunny D. explained it perfectly) The place is just fricken nice, beautifully decorated and the perfect hang out spot. They hired very attractive hostesses that were extremely friendly. The service we received from our waiter and the staff was simply awesome. 

Now for the food.....

We had a party of 5 and our original plan was to order both Traditional Omakase($100) and the Sushi Samba Omakase ($80). After going through the menu, we decided to order up a variety of items rather than go with the Omakase. This way, you end up getting food that would be in the Omakase anyway, more food (Omakase 7 -course), and for less. 

"Small Plates" and "seviches & tiraditos"  (Graded A to F)

Tuna Tataki  - (C+) Chef overuses tatsoi that practically kills the dish

Seared Kobe Beef -(F) Just not worth it. Mushrooms overwhelms it

Chicharron de Calamar - (A) Excellent and generous amount!

Sashimi Seviches - (B) grapefruit juice, jalapeño, almond + 
passionfruit,  cucumber, cilantro 

Sashimi Tiraditos - (D) Yellowtail jalapeño and lemongrass + Salmon orange and mustard miso

Sushi is obviously the trendy thing to have on a restaurants menu. Sushi Samba serves up some of the most below average sashimi and sushi. For $33, we had the Samba Sushi and Sashimi combo. The sashimi was nice and thick.  Both Salmon and Yellowtail were quite good, but the tuna was poorly prepared and lacked any freshness. The sushi was a complete joke. You get a small wafer thin slice of sashimi on a rabbit dropping sized glob of rice. Most Japanese restaurants, for any combo sushi plate, give you two pieces each - tuna, salmon, and yellowtail. Sushi Samba gives you ONE. My whole table thought this was a complete joke and ripoff. It doesnt end here....we ordered 4 different rolls. Guess what? They're all puny and only have 4 pieces averaging $10-$20 each. We also ordered the 5 hand roll special ($28) which was okay, but the soy wrap just doesnt work. 

Now here's how we felt that the chefs were completely LAZY or inexperienced. The sushi rice had no vinegar flavor and that is a must for sushi rice. Plus, they used old rice because we had some hard dried pieces in our rolls. Overall, I would not waste any money on sushi here. It's a complete insult to customers. 

Our final dish was the 5 Meat churrasco: grilled hanger steak, ribeye, pork tenderloin, chorizo, lingüiça with malagueta pepper oil and chimichurri.  - This dish was fantastic. The meat, cooked medium, was tender and juicy. (A+)

Now, we had a total of about 16-17 items of various things off the menu. More than double than what you'll get in a Omakase.  We had about 5 bottles of Japanese beers. Our cost  per person was $92 with tax and tip included. (5 people) 

I would love to come back just for the atmosphere and the churrasco. Its simply a cool place to hang out and drink. DONT come here for the Japanese food. Go to a real Japanese restaurant for the Omakase. Just seeing how the sushi, sashimi, and rolls are prepared makes me question the chef's experience in preparing a true Omakase.  

If you actually read this whole thing. Thanks!
