pH0BLkL4cbxKzu471VZnuA Brazilian fusion Japanese food. Located on the second floor of palazzo hotel which allows room charges to your suite (sands resorts). Fresh. Tasty with a spicy kick. Amazing service.

If you stay at the palazzo it is easy to get to from your elevator suites. This is why I ate here. Because being pressed for time made this place super convenient.  We also had super speedy service in one hour flat to make it to a show in time. 

The dishes we ordered were all delicious. Served tastefully in a visually appealing way that it was too pretty to touch when served. The dishes were all unique with a chili kick in every bite.

I have to highly recommend the sushi rolls and the sea bass. The sea bass was flavourful, fresh and super tasty. For the price it was great because the portion was large as well. This was the best offering for sharing as most plates served here were small. It was also cooked to melt in your mouth perfection. 

The sushi rolls also stood out to me because everything was so fresh. Every bite was great. They also were crafted masterfully that they never broke apart when eating. I personally loved the neo Tokyo roll. Even people at my table that did not like raw sushi enjoyed these rolls. 

They also have a delightful menu for children. My son really enjoyed his wagyu sliders. And gobbled them up without sharing. He liked them so much he wanted more. The price was a fabulous deal too. I do love restaurants that give great options for children.

Service was spectacular from seating to payment. Fast timely, and courteous service was appreciated.  A dinner for four was paced perfectly with little intrusive interruptions.  And everything was faster than expected. I'm sad I didn't try this place sooner. It was a pleasant surprise that totally blew me away. 

It is however a Japanese restaurant with more cooked dishes available. Which is a nice change for picky raw Japanese eaters. I actually liked this place and the quality is on par with nobu or Mizumi. But definetly cheaper. It's still pricey but more affordable. I have this place bookmarked for happy hour. And I can't wait to come back!
