pH0BLkL4cbxKzu471VZnuA During my last excursion to Sin City I dined at Sushisamba on my friend's suggestion.  Located inside the Palazzo, this restaurant seems like a small bar and restaurant at first glance.  The gourmet cuisine served here is a fusion of Japanese, Peruvian, and Brazilian.  The menu offers an assortment of sushi bar offerings, noodle soups, kobe beef, seviche, robata, churrasco, and a raw bar.  Most items are tapas style and served on small plates.  Large plates are available but we didn't try any entrees this time around.

The restaurant itself has a bar right in the front.  Toward the back of the first dining room is the sushi bar.  The dining room is dimly lit with recessed lighting directly over the dining tables.  They play some electronica music, but not the heavy stuff that leaves you with a headache.  On the very back wall they have a screen and some random videos are projected onto it.  Behind the screen is another larger dining room.

We were seated promptly.  The servers are very friendly and make very good suggestions on what to try.  The server's assistance are extra attentive, as soon as you are done with a dish, they come and clear the plate off the table.  If your beverage glass is half empty, they are sure to come and refill your water or soft drink.  We decided to try an assortment of small plates to get an idea of the styles and varieties of the chef.  Here's a breakdown of what we ordered and my opinions on the dish.

Small Plates
Seared Kobe Beef - thin slices of real Japanese Kobe beef.  Topped with Japanese mushrooms, a ponzu gelee, and a truffled tofu cream sauce, this was an excellent dish to start the meal off with.  The beef is very tender and the mushrooms and ponzu gelee added a nice savory taste to it.  The truffled tofu cream sauce, drizzled on top, balanced out the saltiness of the ponzu.  This was my favorite red meat dish we ordered.

Mushroom Toban-Yaki
This consisted of several varieties of wild mushrooms in a savory light cream sauce.  Give me a bowl of rice and I could eat this entire thing to myself.

Samba Rolls
Rainbow Dragon Roll - unagi inside with red bell pepper and mango with avocado on the top.  The ingredients were very fresh.  This was one of the safer items we ordered in case we had difficulties with the other dishes.

Robata
Duck Breast, cooked medium, drizzled with a pepper sauce.  The duck was very tender and moist.  It didn't have a gamey taste nor was it greasy.  One of the best duck dishes I've ever tasted.

Seabass & Miso
Two skewers of tender seabass glazed with a miso sauce.  The miso sauce really brought out the flavor of the fish.  The sweetness compliments the fish flavor.  This was also served with Peruvian corn.  The corn kernels were huge, about the size of jumbo peanuts and had a mild sweet flavor to it.

Seviche
Lobester seviche.  One of the best seviches I've ever had in my entire life.  They take a lobster tale, cut it into pieces and mix it with a mango, red peppers, hearts of palm with a hint of spiciness.  If you can't handle spicy, don't try it.  What I liked about this dish was the spiciness and the combo of the mango sauce.  The spicy balanced out the sweet, and vice versa.  Not only does the dish contain a lobster tail, it also included a lobster claw.  This dish is a market price dish; it wasn't more expensive than any other dish we ordered.

Over all, I loved this restaurant.  I enjoyed the creative menu and the service was the best I've had in a long time.  I can honestly say I have found a new favorite restaurant in Vegas.  If you're reading this, you better go and try it if you get a chance.
