Pj9DDbTmjBEKXezLb0qmTw My Chinese Foodie friend told me NOT to come here, the food wasn't good, "the mother doesn't know how to cook".  My friend got mad at me, cos I didn't listen to her, and take her word for it.  But I wanted to make my own conclusion, with my own taste buds.

 So, I came here March 25, 2017, with a Foodie MeetUp of 8 people.  I shared three dishes with 2 other people.  We ordered the recommended Malaysian dish according to the Malaysian sever, N1 Laksa noodle soup with both rice and egg noodles, R12 seafood over rice $8, Marinated pork R18 $8. All three dishes were REALLY, REALLY BORING !!!  One of my dining companions sharing our food rated our choices half a star.  I rate same, due to blandness.  All three of us said it was really bland.  

The marinated pork R18 was dark, looked salty but was incredibly bland, including the soup.  R12 seafood over rice was mostly rice and cornstarch gravy with no taste.   Oh so bland!  We asked for soy sauce AND salt, right away.  Hurry, hurry, can't wait to get the soy sauce and hot sauce to liven up our food.  

I also tasted the A3 foil wrapped chicken, eh, nothing that I would order again.  

Tasted the N8 Kway Teow Mee - it was the best thing of the entrees that the 8 ordered.  It was like Chinese chow fun.    Also tasted the ginger chicken rice $7.  It was just OK. N10 Mamak Mee Goreng $7.50 was OK, too.   It seems the the dark sauce dishes are the least bland.  

I wanted truly authentic Malaysian food, but our server said really, only N1 Laksa was Malaysian.  The rest of the menu is mainly Chinese food, as they (the family) are Malaysian Chinese.  If I want Chinese food, there are plenty of places to go where the food is way tastier.  

The food fortunately isn't expensive, mostly around $7.50 - $8.00, so if you don't like it, at least you didn't pay $12.  

Bathroom was clean, service got the job done without anything worth mentioning, so I give it 2 stars, and second star for the dark dishes that had more flavor.  No one rated their food higher than 3.5, the 3.5 were the people who ordered the darker sauce dishes.  

Plenty of better places for me to spend my money and time at, worth more, to me.  Never coming back.
