PlP0c_u3g-3LiWHpb2XnOQ I know that comparing Charlotte (technically Fort Mill) Chinese food to New York is a little unfair. There are just more Cantonese people up there so the options are endless but after eating at Lee Cafe I will no longer need to wait until my trips up north to get good Cantonese/Szechuan style dinner. 

My suggestion is to go in a larger group so you can order entrees and do it family style. If you have never had Szechuan before, Most dishes come out with a ton of Szechuan peppercorn but they are thicker and harder to chew so if you don't want it spicy they are easily avoidable.

When we sat down, we got a ton of menus. We got a sushi menu, a Chinese menu, and a regular menu. I strongly think you should go out of your comfort food when you try this place. There are not a lot of places in the area that have authentic dishes. So if you see a dish that you could get in a food court in the mall, try something else! Not because it wouldn't be good at Lee Cafe but because your taste buds will be in for a treat! 

The Szechuan Wonton
(Which was pork and had pieces of whole shrimp, not minced) were delightful. The best part was the sauce the wontons were in. Super flavorful!!! We loved it so much in fact after we finished the wontons we saved the plate of sauce to pour over our white rice. 

Dry-fried Green Beans 
Hands down! The best garlic green beans I have ever had. I don't know what dry fried means but the green beans were bright and plump and had a crisp bite to them but were not oily. They came out with a ton of garlic and everyone at the tables loved them!!

We also got the Beef Chow Fun which is a guilty pleasure for me, I personally always love any kind of fat noodle so it's really hard for me to review this because I'm biased. But guys at the table after the fact said we should have opted for a more traditional dish.  We also got the Spicy Chili Chicken which is also dry fried. It was a little tough for me but still tasted good. 

So long story short, I will be coming back. There are SOO many things I want to try like MAPO tofu, the sushi here and basically all the things that say Szechuan in front of it! Enjoy!!
