PM0A7ZgbxvtbRCj931PbyQ I had high expectations for this place because my girl friend is very picky with her shabu places and she never lets us down. Unfortunately, that wasn't the case this time around. 

Ambiance: 4
Very spacious and clean. It's actually pretty big for a shabu joint. They have plenty of tables that even extend into another room. The set up is different since it's an all-you-can-eat shabu joint. 

Quality/Taste: 2
Obviously since it's a buffet set up, it wasn't anything amazing. You had your meats and seafood to pick from, which included: beef, pork, lamb, shrimp, mussels, calms, squid and a few other things. They also had all the basic veggies, which worked out for our party since one of our girls was pescatarian.  

We all asked for the spicy soup base, which was whatever and almost tasteless and unmemorable. I think I only got my money's worth because the only thing that tasted fine was the shrimp.

Service: 1
Terrible! 
They start off with drinks, great. Then they give you a list of appetizers where each person is allowed to pick up to 3 options. Tell me why we didn't get our appetizers 'til half way through our meal.

There was 4 of us at our table and we all wanted spicy soup bases. They gave us one pot that splits, and one side was spicy and the other was water. So we asked for another one, and same thing - one side spicy, the other water. So we had to run down another server to get us the spicy powder base to make both sides spicy. The first server gave us some chili paste... The second finally gave us the powder

One of the girls at our table asked for rice at the beginning of the meal, and didn't get it 'til the end of the meal. We ran down different servers for it too, but they seemed to have an attention span of 10-seconds. 

One of our servers who had given us refills, brought us refills again, only this time they were the wrong refills...

At the end of our meal, we decided to just pay up front so we didn't have to wait any longer. We told the old man who seated us to put $21 on each debit card (there were 2), and the rest cash. And what does he end up doing? Uses all the cash and puts $14.51 on each card... They were able to fix it, but I was left unbelievably annoyed.

Overall: 2
I would not recommend this place to anyone. I read some of their tips, and I guess they're under new ownership - which my homegirl said makes sense because when she first gave here, she liked it a lot. Management needs to get their act together. Seemed like there were only 3 servers on the floor that day to cover the entire restaurant. On a busy night like that, at least have a busser - that would make such a big difference. That, or hire some better servers!
