PM0A7ZgbxvtbRCj931PbyQ I was really excited to try this place out because one of my close friend introduced me to this whole hot pot thing at my place and it was fun. Once I got to this restaurant, we were seated right in the back corner in the second room. First off, the a/c was blowing like crazy. I started getting really cold and I switch seats to the other side with one of my friends. We tried to ask to sit somewhere else but I guess the server doesn't speak English. So we were pretty much stuck in the corner. We waited for 30 minutes for someone to assist us, no one helped at all. We called the guy who sat us and asked can we order drinks? We've been here for more than 30 minutes! We got our drinks and yet still waited for another 15-20 minutes... Finally, the same guy comes back and ask, "what broth do you want" we were sitting there all confused, we also told him this is our first time can you please explain to us how this whole thing works. I've only done at home hot pot once. He goes on and just says, "spicy or no spicy" okay, thanks for explaining... Once we got our broth that was it. No such thing as service! Servers do not exist here. They can't speak English or even explain how to teach customers. We just got up and picked what we want and threw it all in the pot. I must say it was such a waste of time to even walk in here! I've never been so disappointed in my life. We were pretty much over it and wanted to pay and leave. We waited for someone to even notice us. No one came to our table at all to ask if we were doing okay or even asked if we wanted the check. My friend had to go up and ask this older lady for the check. She questions us and says, "soda" what?! What do you mean soda? Anyways, they tried to charge us for soda when we only had water! This place is all do it yourself. Don't even bother tipping. Might as well serve your own drinks while you're at it! I will not be returning to this place! The next day we all got food poisoning! YUCK!!! Thanks for the worst experience ever.
