PM0A7ZgbxvtbRCj931PbyQ I have very mixed feelings for Shabu grill. Everything about it is wrong from the name to the service, but the food and price wins you back just a little bit.

Price for dinner is $27 which includes all kinds of goodies like blue crab, shrimp, lobster, lamb, beef, scallops, mussels, etc. My first broth was very clean and tasty too. They make it slightly bland because there are plenty of sauces to mix in to fulfill whatever taste you desire. I went with half and half Mongol and clear broth (Mongol for red meats, and clear for seafood.) My broth was extremely delicious after boiling some napa cabbage, Chinese cabbage, enoki mushrooms, and of course all the meats.

Now how can you possibly deserve 3 stars after hearing all that??? Let me explain.

There is no front of the house at this restaurant. I mean literally... There is no hostess stand, no "please wait to be seated" sign, just nothing. My friends and I stood in a crowd (I can't even say it was a line because it wasn't.) I made my way to the front and asked how long the wait is. The place looked semi-busy and I'm totally cool with waiting for good food, but this kind of chaos for a 10 minute wait was just unprofessional. After being seated and being 80% through a delicious meal, our broth was running low. We had to flag down a waiter to get more broth. They literally just poured water into our broth... No seasoning or anything. It wasn't even broth/stock that was being poured into my hotpot... After finishing our meal, we waited another 20 minutes just to be able to flag down our waiter to get our dessert and another 10 minutes just to get our check. Lastly, the name itself is very misleading. Shabu-shabu is Japanese themed, whilst Shabu Grill is very Thai themed. There's also nothing you would actually grill here either. The only thing that's even cooked on anything resembling a grill would be the kra nom krok (Thai coconut pudding dessert.)

It's just a shame such a great idea is ruined by bad employees and disorganized management. However, even with all the complaints, I may still go if I'm really craving some good hot pot. #firstworldproblems
