2UdoeXzcFg87O1VMCc3WGQ This place easily falls under the category of "mass produced food=poor quality", along with all other buffet-style restaurants I have every tried. The quality of food was poor, flavour was poor, the over all experience was poor. 

Food tasted frozen (pretty sure the spring rolls served were the same frozen boxed ones you can get from PC), food was mostly cold when brought to our table and the flavours were lackluster.

I went yesterday for lunch and I can appreciate the chaos when a place is busy but that never warrants poor attitude from staff, cold food and overall sub par service. Each time a dish was dropped at the table, it was LITERALLY dropped on the table. It was brought out usually by one of 2 servers (one man, older, bald head, glasses and a younger girl, dark long hair) and they never even so much as made eye contact with us as they flew by and threw our dishes on the edge of the table. Again, I can appreciate when a place is busy and staff are running around but that should in NO WAY become an inconvenience to the patrons of your restaurant. You suck it up, toughen up and throw a smile on your face otherwise you get stuck with the weak tip you deserve. We are not pigs being ushered into the slop troughs so don't throw food at people as if they are nothing more than that. It's rude, inappropriate and classless. 

Our table seats were wet when we went to sit down, the service was slow, the food was not enjoyable, the overall experience was poor. I was very disappointed because I had been here when it first opened and thought it was great. You are a restaurant, you do one thing- SERVE FOOD! You have one requirement and that is to make someone's dining experience enjoyable from start to finish. If you are unable to even hire staff that are pleasant to be around then you really have no purpose being in the food industry. 

If you want crap quality food and don't care about what you eat and how it is prepared, you just want to pay and stuff your face until your little heart's content then I suggest skipping this place and going to the Mandarin which is in the same plaza. At least then you are aware of the diarrhea that will most likely ensue after your shitty meal. I wouldn't pay for this place ever again.
