pofDmHoIsdvPcSKzb2iMag 2.5 Stars

Few things to note before you read my review:
1) My family is from Hong Kong and I have been there many many times so I have had my fair share of authentic dim sum
2) Currently I live in Vancouver, the city with a plethora of extremely high quality Hong Kong/Guangdong restaurants which rival even the authentic ones in Hong Kong
3) I understand that this is a budget restaurant but I have factored in the quality of the food, price, and service before giving it an overall rating

So first of all, I have to say that I was very impressed with the prices ($2 for practically everything) and we were very excited to try everything.  I came here with a few of my Japanese friends and they were also very excited because dim sum is very expensive in Japan. (I remember most dim sum meals were around $20 Canadian or so at a decent place)

The restaurant is fairly spacious but not too clean, and is situated in a very old part of Chinatown I believe.  The restaurant is also very traditional, as it had old Chinese ladies pushing around dim sum carts, yelling out the names of the items as they walked around.  We ended up with at least 20 dishes between the 5 of us and were extremely full by the end of the meal.  

I would say that the dishes were made purely for quantity and not quality.  The skin of the dumplings were very thick and did not have much filling.  Of course, this was expected as everything was only $2.  Nothing was very memorable but I was very disappointed with the pan fried radish cake dish because it was very starchy and didn't really taste like much.  

Anyways, I decided to break down the rating:
Food: 2/5  Sub-par
Value: 3.5/5  Affordable 
Service: 2/5  Not very attentive staff who cannot speak English
Total: 2.5/5

PS. Since the staff here can't really speak English so I had to order in Cantonese for everybody and somewhat translate the dishes into English/Japanese which was a bit troublesome.  Also, as mentioned in another review, the elevator IS extremely slow so we ended up walking up the stairs instead.
