pr4ZaLR1Zxi7InMCPYMm-A I drove a Chinese friend to medical appt last Monday, Sept 18, 2017, took 5 hours out of my day, when it was supposed to be 40 min.  On the way back she treated me to lunch special Beijing restaurant at Chinese Cultural Center, but while we were still driving down 44 St toward the shopping center,I told her "COFCO center has BAD FENG SHUI!!!"   She is a real estate agent and told me she KNEW it would be bad when they first built Cofco 20 years ago.  No business lasts long there.

Well, when I turned into the  COFCO shopping center, I was so shocked!!!  The parking lot WAS EMPTY!  And the Ranch market's sign on building was gone, just a "shadow" of the lettering that was no more .  There were only 4 tenants left at most, Szechuan Palace, Beijing, some non-public office, and something else.  The East wing was entirely vacant and they were remodeling it.  I thought they were remodeling it to "change the feng shui to be better".

The owner of the Beijing place told us Ranch Market moved REAL FAST!!!!!

  He did not know the reason, nor did he seem to care.  He said his business at his restaurant was good enough to stay there.  He said he heard Ranch Market moved to Scottsdale.  I said Scottsdale is 34 miles long, where?  He did not know.

When I got home I Yelped Super L Ranch Market and saw that they had already changed their address on Yelp.  It is right next to my other favorite store I go to 2 x a week - 99 Cents Store, ONLY TWO MILES FROM WHERE I LIVE.!  I was so excited!  I called them there.  Lady answered and told me this sad story.  She said their lease was expiring and new landlord (True North Companies, LLC) said they were not renewing the lease and gave them only 30 days to pack up and get out!  New Landlord told them if they did not leave at the end of the 30 days, LANDLORD WOULD LOCK THEM OUT OF THEIR STORE.  So ...."they moved real fast!" ...said the Beijing owner.

Poor Ranch Market could not find a vacant space BIG ENOUGH to hold their store in 30 days, so they ended up at the old Fresh and Easy location at SW corner Thomas and Hayden, next to 99 Cents Store, only 2 miles from where I live.  Good for me I guess, but I went there Saturday, the day after they first opened. Employee said the sq. ft was only 1/3 of the COFCO location.  I think it looks more like 1/5th!  No one inside the store except a few employees.  Worker there told me they have so many refrigeration cases that they could not move to Fresh and Easy , and that they had orders and orders for new groceries to be shipped and delivered to the Cultural Center location, that kept coming and coming, and they had so much to do .  "STOP THE SHIPMENTS STOP STOP! "

I think new landlord True North was "mean" to Super L.  When landlord of Scottsdale Pavillions on Indian Bend did not want to renew lease for my favorite Chinese buffet Oriental Garden, that landlord gave OG 6 months notice.  Sadly OG moved to new building in Peoria and in 2 years went out of business.  

Here are some links to what happened.  55 employees had to be laid off.

http://www.azcentral.com/story/news/local/phoenix/2017/08/15/community-fights-save-phoenix-chinese-cultural-center/547214001/

http://www.azcentral.com/story/news/local/phoenix/2017/08/20/phoenix-chinese-cultural-center-hundreds-protest-sale-and-possible-renovation/584970001/

I feel sad for Ranch Market, but I lived in my area for 22 years.  I tell people I have everything I want within 3 miles of my house.  Lowes, HD, Scottsdale Community College,  Sprouts, mall, casino buffets, Main library, nice greenbelt, lake, two 99 Cents stores, Dollar Tree, BUT one thing I did not have close was Chinese grocery store.  Now I  have that right next to my beloved 99 Cents store where I buy most all my produce, wow! 

 But I feel MORE SAD for Super L Ranch Market forced to pay cost to move and downsize employees and space so drastically, THAN I am happy I have Chinese grocery store only 2 miles away from my house.  I felt the new Hope you live close enough to support Super L at their new location at Thomas and Hayden.
