prr5pOED31nKWUfCHUvhrA My boyfriend and I came here on a Saturday night, and really enjoyed ourselves.

The atmosphere was very nice; simple decor, but with some quiet jazz playing in the background. We both agreed that the combination of the music and the cuisine made us feel like we were in a film noir (or The Legend of Korra).

I ordered the Mojito Asiatique, which was good and very simple, though not particularly strong in either taste or alcohol content. BF was pleased to see they had Tsingtao beer.

The food was very, very good. BF had the salad to start, which was served with a nice, fresh sesame/ginger vinaigrette. I had the won ton soup, which I thoroughly enjoyed- the broth had more umami than the won-ton soups I'm used to, almost in the style of a miso broth. But the dumplings were tender and tasty.

What really blew us away were the xiao long bao. They were UNREAL. I had never tried this style of dumpling before, and I don't know which I enjoyed more- the rich, meaty flavour with the zing of the lemongrass broth and the ginger sauce they were served with, or the ritual of gently piercing each dumpling to drain their piping-hot broth. It was so good, I drank the broth-sauce mixture when I was done.

We both ordered the General Tao as a main, which was well-done but not exceptional. The portions were generous, and I struggled to finish mine after the soup and dumplings the meal had started with (BF had no such issues). When (not if!) we go back, I'd definitely try one of their house specialties as a main, and try something more traditionally Chinese.

We took our desert to go-- a very simple cake with a chocolate sauce. Again, good but not exceptional.

Soy lost one star for service. We arrived on a Saturday evening at about 6 o'clock, without a reservation. We waited five or ten minutes to be seated, not because there were others waiting, but because all three servers were with customers (although each walked past us and asked if we had a reservation, had we been served, etc.) Finally, we were told, somewhat brusquely, that there was a table available, but only until 8 o'clock. We could have easily eaten and left within that time frame had he not mentioned the next reservation, but instead our otherwise pleasant meal had a shadow of anxiety cast over it. We did not enjoy being rushed. Ironically, we waited over twenty minutes to get the bill at the end of our meal, even as we were trying to leave. During our meal, however, the servers were attentive and helpful. Next time, we'll know to make a reservation!
