2UFl9gLOQrSGY2sPu6U-kA This is our first experience for Hot Pot.  Along with the fact this is 1 of the few Hot Pot resto listed under Yelp for the Scarborough area.

Service : servers could do better with their English comprehension.  There isn't much to say on service due to this is a primarily a self-serve Hot Pot AYCE.  The servers don't hover, but do check on your broth level if you need more.

There are only 2 broths available, regular and spicy.  We opted to get the 1/2 regular 1/2 spicy.  We preferred the regular broth over the spicy.  The broth was just ok, since they have a large sauce bar to choose from.  Tho I'm not an expert at combining for a good sauce for dipping..what I did combine I didn't like so much (fermented bean paste + garlic + chive sauce + sesame paste (w/ground peanuts) + sesame oil + coriander).  Something in that mixture made the end result salty.  My wife's mixture was more palatable at least when I dipped into it (garlic + sesame paste (w/ground peanuts) + sesame oil).

We got interested in Hot Pot due to Mikey Chen of Strictly Dumpling on Youtube : https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCXOKEdfOFxsHO_-Su3K8SHg

Price per Adult on a Saturday is $22.00 CAD + HST.  Seemed kinda expensive, but as compared to the US Hot Pot places that Mikey Chen had reviewed, $22.00 is a good price (not factoring in CAD - USD exchange)

There is a large selection of items to choose from to cook in your broth.  When you sit down you receive (2 plates of thinly sliced beef and 1 plate of thinly sliced lamb), we didn't opt for the beef or the lamb, since we're not big on red meat.  There is also chicken & pork in the self-serve area.  There is a good selection of "balls" (lobster/fish/cuttlefish/shrimp/etc).  Decent variety of tofu along with various green veggie options & mushrooms/fungus, variety of different noodles.  All in all we made a total of 6 trips for food to dump into our hot pot.

There was also some cooked items available : spring rolls, a noodle dish, seaweed, steamed plain buns.

Beverages : they have soft drinks on fountain along with in separate fountain dispensers (sweetened soy milk, lemon water, plum juice).

The dessert options are fairly limited.  Canned peaches, there was another dessert dish that I didn't recognize and it wasn't labelled either which was beside the sliced canned peaches.  2 pastry options and fried shrimp crackers.  There was fresh quartered orange slices as well.

It would have been nice to know the prices ahead of time.  There was no posting near the entrance about prices along with no signs of means of what forms of payment they accept.  I had to ask one of the staff what forms of payment they take and her English wasn't good..since it appeared that she was struggling with what I had asked.

We'll likely make a repeat visit when we happen to be craving Hot Pot.
