pW-fOxuaWBkIhum5NANx2w Do not be alarmed when you walk in and see patrons eating with knives and forks.

I have to admit that I was a little skeptical at first, but because of strong and highly reputable word of mouth recommendations, I headed to China Sea Express to try out their secret menu Taiwanese food.

I was saddened when Garden Cafe (a small Taiwanese restaurant) closed because of the hole that it left for good beef noodle soup ("niu rou mien"). Beef noodle soup in Cleveland is BACK. 

We came on a Saturday evening right before a performance at Playhouse Square so it was a little busy. However, we were promptly seated. The waitress redirected us to the owner for our special off-menu order. 

My bf and I both had beef noodle soup ($6.95) -- "hong sao niu rou mien". The beef noodle soup broth was sooo good... very flavorful and authentic! I could distinctly taste that carrots had been stewing in the broth for many hours. The noodles and the beef (says the bf) were pretty decent, though not mindblowing. I'd definitely recommend the dish just for the broth though!

Since he has a good eye, he spotted the platter of handmade dumplings on the table behind us. Apparently they make beef and pork dumplings by hand. We ordered some dumplings ($6.95) and they had pretty good flavor and thick dumpling skin. Not the highest presentation points as it was clearly handmade, but we definitely thought they were pretty good.

The owner and his wife came over and chatted with us for a while. They are Taiwanese, and while they are very fluent English speakers, speaking in Mandarin with them definitely helped us connect better. I'd give this place an extra half star because of how hospitable they were to us. They told us that they don't put MSG in their food (at least off-menu?) because it's what they like to eat themselves. Huge plus.

I would love to go back. My next question for them is... do they have tomato beef noodle soup? (fan qie niu rou mien?) If they do... game over. drool.
