pW-fOxuaWBkIhum5NANx2w I'm giving China Sea Express only two stars, but I do go here quite frequently.  Why?  The food is perfectly adequate and it's only $6 for the buffet - it's a bargain! Keep that in mind as you read.

I work less than five minutes from here, so it's convenient, and I have to admit that when I think about paying $7 for a sandwich or a salad at a nearby shop, or paying $6 for the buffet, my frugality often leads me back to the trough.

The place is clean and the staff is attentive, and the lunch crowd keeps it busy.  There's a real mix of business people and students from CSU.  It's also heartening to see that a lot of the Asian students go here for lunch, although they rarely seem to order the buffet, and I'm not really surprised, because I don't think it really even approximates authentic Chinese cuisine.

There are a few items I favor: the curry chicken skewers, the General Tso's chicken; the peanut butter chicken and the green beans with black bean sauce are my usual fare.  I try to limit myself to two plates, but sometimes I go back for a third, and I'm rarely glad I did.

The peanut butter chicken is something that is unique to my Cleveland Chinese food experience.  I have seen it at other restaurants, but never in California or anywhere else I have gone.  It's creamy and a little sweet, but very tasty and has to be hell on your arteries.

I don't really care for the Cleveland style sweet and sour chicken either, which is merely strips of chicken that have been battered and deep friend - almost like fish.  You take as many of these as you want and then just ladle that sweet red glaze over them.  That's not the kind of sweet and sour I grew up with, and it doesn't appeal to me.

I find their eggrolls a bit bland, as well as their vegetable low mien.  I avoid the pork stuff and anything with shrimp, so I can't comment on their taste, but they look perfectly, generically acceptable for Chinese buffet fare.

I always want it to be better, but it is certainly reliable in its mediocrity, and I will continue to frequent the place, as long as I'm working in the vicinity.
