pw9ErdIO1t7CWLrZwNP1fw My wife and I visited this place Friday night, arriving at 8:30.

THE GOOD:

The 2 Spicy Tuna Rolls & 1 Spicy Salmon Roll were delicious. They had a hint of sesame oil that went very well with the spices. Portion size was adequate but not particularly generous as you may find in Sakana.

The 2 Salmon Sashimi & 1 Tuna Sashimi were also delicious; the fish was very fresh and the wasabi used here is better than at most places. Portion size was smallish for the Sashimi but the quality was good.

Sake bombers (Hot Sake & 22 fl. oz bottle of Kirin or Kirin Light) are great at $5.

They offer takeout and the service is friendly. There is also a $25 Restaurant.com dining certificate you can purchase for $3 to $10 (depending on the promotion Restaurant.com may be running). With our bill of $54 excluding tax & tip, it worked out to $46 or so including tax and tip after the certificate.


THE BAD:
Ambiance is lacking. The kitchen is open to the dining room and there is the constant hum of kitchen extractor fans and a pungent smell of deep fryer due for an oil change. The fryer smell was very annoying, and I smelled like it after I got home. When I go to Quizno's I expect to smell like burnt cheese, and when I visit the cafeteria griddle I expect to smell like a tater tot.... I don't expect it here.

The floors were dirty, as might happen when mopping without changing water. The table was sticky, as might happen if using the same rag to 'go over' a table and call it clean. We told our waitress that the table was sticky right after we had sat down with our menus; she was super nice and moved us to another table that was less sticky but still had that film. We thanked her.

CONCLUSION:
I might give this place a try further down the road, with a $25 certificate and if I'm allowed to sit outside and brave the elements. Had I paid full price for this meal, I would be upset. You can go to Sakana and get a better deal in terms of quality, quantity and ambiance. But maybe the Chinese fusion side is something really special in this restaurant and I just didn't try it.. Okay, I might try a Chinese dish next time... to go.
