Q6ql-vhEfkUiry1r0XoDTA For the price I paid, I don't think it's worth it. Sure it's a different experience compared to other hot pot places (think Szechuan style), but I think with the influx of northern Chinese immigrants into the GTA, there will be more options to come.

Too Hot Hotpot is located inside First Markham Centre, which is the plaza across from First Markham Place (enter via Fairburn or Rodick), same plaza as A La Kitchen. It's newly opened, and I found out about this place via a CCUE 10% off coupon in Sing Tao.

The menus here are all in Chinese, but I presume English menus are available if requested. While you're already paying a high set price, there's extra cost for some broths, so do be warned. Drinks are also not included aside from water.

I ordered many of the staples, such as sliced beef, premium beef, lamb, red sausage, northern-style cuttlefish balls, etc. Not sure how to describe the northern-style cuttlefish balls, but they're similar looks to the turnip cake you get at Sam's Congee Delight. Either way...everything was, for the most part, okay. The sliced beef, however, was not good. They claimed in the advertisement that it's angus beef, but I definitely didn't feel it...felt like it was your typical A grade beef. The premium beef was better though, but they don't offer a lot per order.

And on that note...despite how many orders you input in the order form, it seems you always only get a set amount (and it's not a large amount as well). You'll likely have to keep ordering in order to satisfy your hunger if you're eating here.

I didn't like the service here overall, especially for the price I paid. Normally I wouldn't care too much if it's one of the lower end hot pot places (think Kim Tao), but for ~$30 a head I definitely expect some form of service. However, given the lack of direction on how to order, the lack of portions despite me asking for more than given, and general not-so-kindness, I can't give this place a good review.

For 10% off, this place is just okay. Once that promotion is done, however, I can't see this place surviving given the location, prices, and quality.
