Q6ql-vhEfkUiry1r0XoDTA TL; DR version:

All you can eat.
Owner speaks Chinese, and so are menus, BUT ENGLISH IS AVAILABLE ON REQUEST.
Authentic, but a bit pricey.
If you are in the neighbourhood, come and you won't regret it (that is, if you are a hotpot fan and find the price reasonable); if you are far, far, far away (say, in downtown), not used to driving a car for such a long distance and you are not a crazy hotpot addict who is determined to try out all the hotpots in GTA because you have set that as one of your life-goals (must be fantastic!), then it also doesn't hurt if you don't drop by.

============

Came in on one Thursday. Relatively spatial, but not real big, just the typical layout any restaurant in suburban GTA would have. Decor is ok.

The soupbases are of the pricey-tier in Toronto; but, if you are a hotpot addict, I'm sure the authentic and yummy soupbases will ease your innate tensions escalated by the loss of bucks. Ordered the Beef Oil Soupbase (spicy) and Fish Soupbase (non-spicy). Even the non-spicy one was outstandingly flavourful - I didn't even expect that because usually Szechuan Hotpots only focus on spicy stuffs! The Beef Oil one is just... Literally excellent! Never tasted any other hotpot joint so far in Toronto that offers such authenticity! It is LEGIT SPICY, howver, so be advised.

They even noticed that the pot really could see some contrivance, so , in this restaurant, the Szechuan peppercorns (one of the important spices, or masterminds, behind hotpot spiciness) stay inside a sieve-like room(see the picture down below), granting the flavour to the soupbase without floating everywhere, so you dont have to take these spiciness-generators into your mouth along with the food, if you dont want to! A unique, really nice and customer-oriented design!

Good variety of food, especially when it comes to meat (yay!), I dare to say the variety and quality (in terms of all-you-can-eat meat) of them are just unbeatable so far in the GTA, far as I know.

It was a great experience overall, and I will recommend it to my friends. But since it really takes a long time to get there from my location, I am afraid if there is any chance I will go back, at least on my own.
