QaxDKkqYTtVYZJcqBNTnvQ Tearing up just thinking about all the times I'll never be able to stroll on over to Yummy Yummy Dumplings for a plate of homemade dumplings. Let me begin with a little harangue on the status of dumplings in New York City: Prosperity dumplings is crap. Popular to white people only because their clueless asian friends bring them there, they've gotten into the habit of stuffing their dumplings with the leftover meats unwanted by any other vendor or restaurant owner, and this is evident from each undelicious, gelatinous and unchewable bit. Vanessa's Dumplings, a popular chain, serves cheaper dumplings as well, and while slightly better in quality they tend to be exorbitantly greasy and salty. Then you've got the fake eco-friendly Whole Foods copycat that is Mimi Cheng's, which in my opinion takes dumpling making in the complete wrong direction by trying to serve "free-range chicken" dumplings and other "healthier" types of dumplings.

All of the above are disgusting. And more importantly, it leaves me with few options in the city when I have a massive dumpling craving. Enter the beauty that is Yummy Yummy. We scouted this place on the first day we were in Toronto at the recommendation of a friend and the owner eagerly tried to push a new concoction that she had made, which was essentially homemade red bean buns. We begrudgingly passed as we had dinner plans but noted that the owner was incredibly friendly and genuine in her recommendation. The next day we came back and ordered pork dumplings along with fish dumplings--which I thought would be super weird but ended up being freaking delicious. Everything was freaking amazing. It's real filling with absolutely no excess salt and incredibly refreshing to eat. She also offered us a tofu salad on the house and omggggggg it was soooooo... real and traditional. Having few Northern Chinese dining options in the city, this place absolutely made me feel at home. The Cantonese and Taiwanese influences in the NYC Chinatown have really watered down what once might have been great Chinese food. Now it's just all sweet and greasy. 

Oh and the red bean buns? Out of this world. It wasn't overly sweet as you may have already experienced from other Asian pastries that you've had. And the bun was soft and fluffy and--I just can't anymore. Thinking about all of this delicious food is making my mouth water and there's nothing I can do about it. Until next time, Toronto.
