qgEKyJfuL5LBA6D3V9nR9g By far one of the top Shanghai restaurants I've been to in Toronto, good for large family gatherings, too.

Came here with a family of four on a weekend. It didn't take too long for us to be seated which was good. The place itself was huge; close to the size of a dim sum restaurant. Decor was also quite modern for what you would expect with a Shanghai restaurant. You could also see the kitchen in the back through the glass which was pretty cool to see them cooking and making the dishes.

We ordered the Xiao long bao, 2 different flavours (original pork and crab), followed by the fried rice cake, egg whites with broccoli, sour and spicy soup, noodles in broth with shredded pork and nappa cabbage, plain stir Chinese broccoli, deep fried bun with condensed milk, spicy stir fried pork, deep fried egg whites with red bean and sugar. 

The restaurant name itself, their Xiao long bao were definitely good. I preferred the pork over the crab. The inside was very juicy and meat was tender and flavourful. Must try here if you're into this dish. The fried rice cake was nothing out of the ordinary though, a bit greasy actually. Egg whites with broccoli was delicious - broccoli wasn't too raw or overcooked; expect this one to be a bit on the greasy side since egg whites require more oil to cook in order for it to not stick to the pan. Sour and spicy soup wasn't bad either, the sourness and spiciness was pretty balanced. Noodles with shredded pork and nappa cabbage was... what it is. Not much to say there besides a nice clean dish - might be good for vegetarians minus the meat. Chinese broccoli was crisp and fresh. Deep fried bun with condensed milk was simple yet good; the bun wasn't over fried and the center was nice and soft. The stir fried pork was a bit salty, although there were a lot of ingredients in there; would go nicely with plain white rice. Last but not least, dessert - a must order when you go to a Shanghai restaurant is the deep fried egg whites with red bean. They are only good if they come to you hot and these ones did not disappoint. The amount of red bean was not skimpy (some restaurants do because they cheap out) which made it a nice ending to a satisfying meal.

Give this place a try if you're in Scarborough as it's pretty close and accessible.
