qi6uzJEhA9puZM2io46-_A BEST CHINESE FOOD IN LAS VEGAS.   Okay clearly that's not the case, but what can I say, I'm a sucker for the sodium laden dishes PF Changs has to offer.  I usually do take-out which will normally consist of the Changs Chicken Noodle Soup.   Full of pin-rice noodles, chicken, cilantro and tomatoes (and like 4 gallons of sodium), it's spicy and just what the doctor ordered on a cold night.   I actually order it no matter the weather but I imagine it's even better on the 3 cold nights we get here a year.

For appetizers I usually stick with the classic Salt and Pepper Calamari, but this last time we tried some new Edamame preparation they offer which had orange peels and chili flakes and found it fantastic.  The orange peels add a new taste to an old favorite.  We also had the crispy green beans which were nice yet un-extraordinary at once.  

The bastards at corporate (presumably) recently removed my favorite entree from their regular menu, Dali chicken, so I've been doing some experimenting and the last two visits I tried items from their current Summer seasonal menu, the Thai Chiang Mai Curry Chicken Noodles and the Korean BBQ Chicken Stir Fry.   Those PF Changs cooks are masters of all Asian cuisines apparently.  The stir-fry was good, but not something I'd be devastated if it never came back once Summer ends.  The chicken was reminiscent of how Changs does most of their stir-fried chicken dishes, but just with different veggies mixed in and topped with a "kimchi slaw".  None of the flavors they tried to emulate really stood out to me which would be impossible if the kimchi was anything like traditional Korean kimchi.  Overall it was still tasty and I was able to finish it all.

I enjoyed the Chiang Mai Curry Noodles with Chicken a lot more.  I prefer the sliced chicken breast preparation of chicken over the other kinds at PF and that's what this features.  The broth is infused with coconut-curry and as a huge Thai-food fan, I was shocked how much it tasted like something I'd be happy with ordering at any of my favorite Thai restaurants in town.   I asked for it to be extra spicy and of course it didn't come close to matching the highest levels you can achieve at a more traditional Thai joint, it still did the trick and the mix of sweet from the coconut curry and spicy was that perfect balance I look for.   I'd definitely order this again.

I've always found the service, from the curbside takeout staff, to the hostesses, bartenders, and waitresses to be courteous.  

4 stars, deal with it haters (and by haters I mean my blood pressure)
