qm7diuwiwwCWdL5V9s9hsA I decided to try the Yan Grill and Hot Pot for dinner tonight. When entering the restaurant you first notice that there are a lot of ventilation stacks over the top of all the tables. There's not somebody immediately available to seat you, so you don't know if you should just go sit at a table or wait. The majority of the clientele this evening was Asian. The menu is a two-sided 8 1/2 x 11 sheet of paper, laminated. The menu selections have a variety of selections that start out at about $14 for A hot pot which is a bowl, filled with a variety of different things that maybe very delectable to some and not so delectable to others. I decided to go with the lamb kebabs, potatoes, and corn, As for one I didn't want to spend the $14 for hot pot for ingredients that didn't make sense to me. I decided to go conservative with my order. I did not order a drink, but had water. My mail arrived and the waitress placed several of the skewers. That's how the meal was served all on skewers. On the hot grill in the center of my table. She basically indicated without saying so how to maneuver the skewers, so that they would work on the rotation device. She did not say anything about it being hot, or caution me to take care when working with the skewers. She left and I proceeded to cook my meal. After about the third or fourth skewer. I was having trouble removing the meat from one skewer as it was very condensed on the skewer and difficult to remove. I inadvertently placed my finger in the hot zone of the skewer and subsequently burned my finger. When I believe it was the owner came to my table to check on how my meal was going indicated that I had burned myself. He was concerned for me and listen to my concern for not only the grill being very hot. But also the skewers being very hot. I indicated that if children were manipulating the skewers that it might be very likely that they could burn themselves as well as other adults. Knowing that this was a very delicate situation, he offered me a free drink, and I accepted. It is difficult with a situation like this not to be very critical of the operations of the business. I am very concerned for future patrons burning themselves on the skewers and would highly recommend that they look into having chef's or trained personnel work the tables and the grills, so that they can avoid this in the future as they have made quite an investment in every table having its own grill and ventilation system. I gave them a chill mostly because of the food being very little food for the value that I paid. And also my experience. In particular the potatoes that I ordered even when cooked on the grill were still raw. I think there's a lot a possibility with grills of this type and people cooking their own meals to have under cooking of food. This is why highly recommend that they look into having chefs accommodate the tables or highly trained personnel. I think this place has the opportunity to be a very fantastic place to have a meal at sometime in the future when they take action to address the safety concerns that I had this evening. It appeared to me that other patrons were enjoying the food, and I would have to say that very likely the food is quite delicious. I tended to feel that the corn was underseasoned, and the potatoes even when cooked on the grill were still under cooked. My lamb was delicious. So I hope that the next time I visit they will have taken action to address these concerns. Lastly, the waitstaff requires some additional customer service training, as my table was not serviced before my tab was presented.
