QQSlx-l_cfwkVrNwjV_HgQ Note: The receipt says it's in Emsworth, PA. Hmmm. 

That mystical sign of theirs beckons us each time we are en route to Kay's home if she decides to take her preferred way to Boom-Chip-A-Wah-Wah (or is it Beaver Falls?).  

What we found Friday night after deciding to stop in after passing it so often was a remarkably unpretentious bar-n-grill that just happens to have mostly Chinese fare on their menu along with steak, fish sandwiches and...cheeseburgers? 

We were seated next to a large aquarium full of exotic fish. Speaking of exotic, the bar was packed with a motley crew of locals who were being entertained by the antics of the two high-strung little boys that ran about with action figures in their hands. Mom scolded them for going into the bar and closed the door after a while. 

What is it with Asian restaurants and children? I love it, really. It's especially precious when they get you refills and ask how your meal is. 

I kid you not. Prior to coming here, I'd never had Egg Fu Yung before. When I saw it on the menu, my dilemma as to what to order had been solved. I got mine with lobster.

I had no idea it was an omelet/frittata entity coated in a sort of gravy. 

I also had no idea that Egg Fu Yung was so good, and the portion was titanic. I think I got 6 flaps of egg and lobster. The lobster held up well, wasn't overcooked, and tasted like lobster should. 

My fried rice, which came on the side, was passable but could have used more flavor. 

Kay got a seafood combo of sorts that included scallops among other things and seemed to rather enjoy it. I can attest to the scallops being quite tasty. 

Our potstickers were a solid appetizer, but fell a tad short of being the best ever specimen of my favored Chinese snack. The steamed wrapper was doughy and had plenty of pork filling, and as with everything else we ordered, the portion was quite generous. 

I almost ordered a banana split for dessert (I know!) but decided to share a cheesecake with Kay instead. The cheesecake tasted frozen and store-bought, but I minded not as it placated my angry sweet tooth just fine. I would have liked to have eaten a banana split at a Chinese restaurant though, just to say I did, but I didn't want to overdo it. 

What is it with me and cheesecake lately? 

Anyway, I enjoyed the fine food and jovial, laid-back atmosphere enough to rate House of Lee 4 stars along with everyone else who has reviewed it thus far. 

P.S.  I didn't even hear one curse word uttered by any of the fellas who bellied up at the bar. Imagine that. The gal who runs this place must not take any crap from anyone.
