qsdHK1eQtXmAJNdVJxiC3w I'm Chinese and from NJ. I've spent a lot of time having authentic Chinese food in Chinatown, NY as I lived very close to Manhattan. I've had my fair share of Chinese takeout places (which is not authentic) back at home. I tried a couple places when I moved to Las Vegas last year -- Grand China and China-a-Go-Go -- and I thought they were okay for what they were. When we moved to Summerlin (we were up in Aliante previously), I was excited to try this place because they boast that their food is New York style Chinese. At first, I thought that mean the food was like what you'd find in a Chinatown, not Chinese takeout, and I thought it was kinda neat that there was a place like this closer to where we were (although I don't mind having to go to Las Vegas' "Chinatown" for some good Chinese food; my favorites so far are KJ Kitchen and Joyful House). However, after reading the reviews here, it seemed like my first impression was incorrect. The first time we ordered from here further confirmed that. I don't really know what NY style supposed to mean. To me, there's just real Chinese food and there's Americanized Chinese food. This would fall under the latter. 

The first time, I ordered chicken and broccoli, which was all right, but I've definitely had better from a Chinese takeout place. It seems that this place has a tendency to not change or wash pots when preparing different dishes. I found some noodles mixed in with my chicken and broccoli and it also tasted like curry, leftovers from a previous order I presume. The second time we ordered, I got Mongolian beef. Again, I got a little bit of noodles in there. However, there was no curry flavor. It's not a problem, I guess. My main gripe about this dish was that the cut of beef that they used was very chewy. I made the mistake of eating a few pieces at one time and made a piece of super beef. It was so stringy and rubbery that I couldn't break it apart without chewing it for a few minutes. And I didn't feel comfortable trying to swallow the entire wad of what felt like jerky, though I probably could've. Additionally, I wasn't sure if I'd have any stomach problems later from swallowing a chunk of super tough meat, so I chewed it for like three minutes and then I was finally able to break it up a bit more (I did have to use a fork to break up a sinewy part) and swallowed them in smaller pieces. My jaw got tired from chewing, so I saved half of it for later.

My boyfriend liked his General Tso's chicken and curry chicken. I think this place is average. If we order from here again, I'll try another beef dish to see if I get the same results. If I do, I'll probably stick to poultry -- if we continue to order from here.
