qutQLFutEyHy440jpADnxA I guess I should know better then to pick this place for a quick lunch. I will blame myself for getting the latest round of mediocre service and sub standard Chinese food on my inability to wait in the line that was in front of Culinary Dropout which basically forced us to choose to eat here.

My husband and I couldn't even remember the last time we ate at PF Chang's. We thought it had been at least 10 years and it was in Albuquerque, New Mexico for heaven sakes. That's how unimpressed we are with their food.

Well so when it comes to spending $50 for two people at lunch, this is the place to come and waste it.

First of all note, that if you choose to eat inside the restaurant that it's freezing cold and to bring a jacket. If you decide to eat on the patio like we did, note that you will bombarded by the flies that will come around as soon as your food is served.

Due to the restaurant being very cold, we decided to eat outside. We should of known better. Everyone knows that if you choose to eat outside when there's only one other diner that the service you get will be less then stellar.

Our waitress didn't come around for 10 minutes and she seemed very rushed and def not attentive. No small talk for this one.

We decide to order from the Wok lunch specials of kung pao chicken and Mongolian beef, with two iced teas. Within 15 minutes our food came up and as you can see from the pictures, it's a lunch portion with more rice then chicken and more rice then beef. My kung pao chicken had celery and peanuts mixed in. Not a water chestnut in sight.

The taste of my chicken was served hot, had decent flavor and a bit salty. My hubby's Mongolian beef was a little tough and his scallions a plenty. Way too plenty. It was the only thing the beef was served with. The lunch specials were okay, nothing special.

Still hungry and even with the "fiies" buzzing around and a waitress that was never around, we decided to order two desserts to continue to feed our hunger or hope for a better experience.

While we were waiting for our monster chocolate cake and the banana spring rolls, the table next to us hadn't been bussed in the 30 minutes we were eating there and consequently, more flies started buzzing around.

Since our waitress was busy doing other things, gosh knows what, we put our finished plates on the other table to prevent attracting more flies towards us. This was a good idea. 

Our cake and banana spring rolls were finally served and ta da...thank heavens it turned out to fill our sweet tooth needs and make us feel not so hungry. The cake was so large that we took it 3/4 of it to go. If you order this, make sure that you know that it's a group cake good enough for 2-3 people to share.

Overall, the service was mediocre ( I had to stand up and leave the patio to ask us the waitress to fill my ice tea ), the food so so and the flies did not help.

As far as coming back to the location, we'll wait another 10 years to try again as there are far better places to spend $50 for lunch in Paradise Valley/Scottsdale.
