r-4QibHfGYJFzbFUtoCMNw I have to agree with Kate's review, though I will be more critical in mine.

I've heard the dim sum here is great, however I am only going to comment on the dinner service as I have yet to try the dim sum.

The first thing I noticed from the menu is that Chez Ping is noticeably much more expensive than other Chinese restaurant I've been to. The prices of the dishes vary between 13$-23$, but the portions are smaller if not the same comparing to other restaurants. I am willing to pay a lot for good food, but 16$ for a dish of stir-fried vegetable with bean curd, it better be the best vegetable I've ever had in my life. The second thing I noticed is that they really don't have much dishes for a Chinese restaurant.

I do applaud the Mayo Chicken & Shrimp, it tasted very nice, the proteins were moist, and the shrimps were properly prepared. The broccoli tasted slightly undercooked, and was just bland and pretty much ignored. However, this was the only dish that gave me a positive feeling about this place.

The Steamed Tilapia had an earthy aftertaste and was way overcooked, it was not even comparable to any steamed fish I've had before. On my way out after dinner, I noticed that their fishtanks were extremely dirty, covered with green algae and other microbes.

Other dishes either tasted under-seasoned and/or overcooked, nothing too impressive. At the end, we paid 236$ for 12 dishes and a bowl of rice, which is not worth at all given the service and the quality of the dishes.

We waited in line for about 20 minutes to get served by the waiters; the long wait was not because the place was fully booked, but because many tables were not cleaned after the diners have left. Even after being seated, the waiters ignored us for a good 20 minutes before taking our orders. I don't blame him, he had a good attitude, and it was a demanding task for TWO waiters to serve TWENTY-THREE tables.

We ended up waiting 36 minutes for food.

The service was bad, the food quality was below average, and the place is overpriced. This place is "on par with places in Manhattan's Chinatown"? The guy who gave a 5-star ratings for this place must have been locked in a cage for the past 30 years and this restaurant was the first thing he encountered after being released.

All kidding aside, don't ever come to this place, take the metro or drive to Chinatown, trust me it's worth it.
