r2vAwakuF7qXNtQDuMEFpA If I had seen a Chinese restaurant in the vicinity of Charlie Frias Park that is rated highly, I would of made it lunch. I am a fan of the Chinese restaurant lunch specials. They are one of the best deals in town. I didn't do my homework, and after burning fuel driving around, I wanted to grab lunch and get on with exploring Charlie Frias Park. I checked-in at the Panda.

  These days my opinion of the Panda has changed. The average $9 plus tax transaction for a two item combo and medium beverage trails behind the pricing of genuine Chinese restaurants. Especially at lunch. 

  In my book, Panda Express is a good choice when it is in a large place with a captive audience or when the area lacks good Chinese restaurants. This location is an example. It is in a location where a transient stretch of Tropicana merges into Las Vegas communities. The majority of restaurants are fast food eateries in the shadow of the Orleans. When I dine here it is more out of convenience than hunger. In my situation it was near Charlie Frias Park, a quick yet creepy walk.

  This Panda has a large footprint. I cannot see a problem with ever getting a table. 

  The chicken with mushrooms, fried rice (they also have brown), and chow mein was fast food good.  Where Panda outbeats local Chinese restaurant lunch specials is in their chow mein. At the local restaurants I often leave over the chow mein noodles where in Panda, the chow mein noodles on my plate turns to air. Problem! Chicken with mushrooms was not my food of choice. This location suffered from what I call the Panda Syndrom. This is a major flaw when the food trays are empty causing a presentation of metal and cooking oils (to put it kindly). This looks bad. They would be doing the customer a favor by putting a cover over the empty food trays. Possibly showing a panda with a frown saying "Sorry we will be cooking new food."

  When there is a good Chinese restaurant nearby and I am unrushed I will probably pass over Panda. However, when I am hungry and want to move on, the Panda will probably get some of my check-in love.
