R4EhR8xhONLFqqI6ZnzNWw Dumpling Village really suffering from identity crisis!! Is it a Korean Restaurant, not really. There are mostly Northern Chinese items on the menu like dumplings. Is it a Northern Chinese restaurant, not really There are a lot of Korean dishes  in the menu like pork bone soup, cold wheat bucknoodle soup, kimchi and bean sprout as appetitizers.

The only Korean characters are the 3 on their business sign in the front..and all the rest are in Chinese and English. All the wait staffs here speak Mandarian and even most of the patrons are Chinese.

It is located in a really tiny strip mall.. with limited parkings! To tell you the truth I am in the area for over 10 years I never notice it until I read the reviews on yelp! 

We arrived around 6 pm on a Saturday. The restaurant was almost full.  The tables are not really packed together, so you still have a certain degree of privacy at least I cannot tell what the table next to me were eating.

We decided on my favourite chives and pork dumplings, kimchi fried rice and Korean cold bucknoodle soup. They are all $4.99. 

The cold noodle soup is so so good! Nice and refreshing! and the soup based is a little sour and it really stimulate your tastebuds and just make you want to eat more! (I can finish it all myself! I don't want to share! I want one all for myself next time!)

The kimchi fried rice.. hmmmmm not good! A little on the oily side. There are not much taste, not spicy enough? We could not finish it and end up have to pack it all to go...(not even sure I will eat it, but cannot just let it all go to waste)

The dumplings arrived last! But it really worth the wait! 14 big fat hot dumplings filled up the whole steamer! Yes I counted them 14 of them for $4.99. They are all freshly made, freshly steamed! The skin is nice and thin, not chewy and thick! Oh so delicious! One bite and all the soup are ozzing out! But if they are not burning hot, you can just stuff the whole thing into your mouth and let the soup and favour just explosed in your mouth. 

Just a warning. If you going out on a date, please don't come here. Even it is a good place for a cheap date, our bill was $18 for 2 and we were full! But the place can be noisy, the food too good and your date will be too busy eating and just ignore you! Or you will keep eating and eating and you freak all your friends out!

The services here is cold but efficient. We were given extra napkins without requesting... Maybe we looked really messy??

Cash only!
