r3Yj3Vc_FOdRfZ4Q4Ei2Eg Throughout my years of travel I discerned a pattern when it comes to Chinese food overseas (i.e. not China, its SARs or Taiwan) - it can be divided into several broad categories:

Fully acclimated ersatz joints - the places that serves you Americanized/Canadianized stuff like egg foo-young, chicken chow-mein, moo shu pork or Geneal Tso without an inkling of irony.  Think of the local corner Chinese take-out or Panda Express.  

Fusion joints that serve up a mutated form designed to appeal to hipsters - think Mission Chinese in SF or Nom Wah in NYC.  Overpriced and offering up fares that are whiteboy friendly but disguised with a vaneer of false authenticity.

Homesick Cantonese joints - found in the cores of old school Chinatowns.  Grimy and old, but with an old Cantonese chef who emigrated a long time ago.  Had to make do with local ingredients, but has heart with solid cooking.  Sai Gwan in Montreal and Mee Sum in NYC is like that.  

Joints from new Chinese immigrants - it could be targeting Nouveau Riche tourists in foreign lands (i.e. Beaubourg/Volta in Paris) or where they send their kids to overseas (i.e. Concordia University).  Typically by someone looking to cash in on the homesick or novelty factor.  This is where you see them make questionable menu items (lemon juice + hoisin + sprouts + rice vermicelli = Pad Thai) and sell them to the unsuspecting.   They tend to open mediocre fusion joints that combine mediocre Chinese, bad Japanese, crap Korean, godawful Thai along with bullion cube Vietnamese pho, all under one miserable roof.  Out of all categories this is arguably the worst in terms of quality or value.

Now that we got the Chinese restaurant styles identified, back to the story.  My lady and I wrapped up our day at the Musee d' Beaux Arts, and we got out of the museum especially peckish.  There's a middle eastern bakery nearby, but my wife was adamant about getting beef noodles.  Both of us are not in a mood to go back to Chinatown, there is a Habs game I have tickets for, and we were keen to stay in the area.  Mr. Yelp said this place has 4 stars (should've noticed the low review count and poor quality of write-ups).  My wife figured it was Northern (so is she, culturally speaking), so it should have decent dumplings and noodles...right?

Okay, starting with the dining area - dirty, dim, and in the back, boxes of jujubes stored on the side and newspapers strewn throughout.  Service is typically Chinese, that is cold, brusque, gimme your orders, here's your food, now pay up.  We ordered Liangpi, which is a salad made with mungbean jelly noodles, then boiled dumplings (jiaoji), hot soymilk (Northern staple beverage for cold days) and beef soup noodles.  

Let's start with the soymilk - it should taste fresh, clean, sweet and piping hot.  Imagine our surprise when it came to our table in a water glass rather than a soup bowl or a mug - my wife said she heard the microwave oven in the kitchen being used...briefly.  The result?  Not sweet whatsoever, and the lukewarm temp bought out sour off-notes.  The Liangpi came out - it was dressed in vinegar, flakes of sea salt and red chile-oil, but it does not have much in terms of flavor - not spicy, not salty, nothing discernable.  It was like a bowl of chewy thick-cut gel covered in sour orange oil with cucumber and tofu skin.  

Then the noodles arrived.  Here it's even worse...the noodles tastes limp, mushy and overdone, like it was soaked in the soup for hours.  As for the soup?  Diluted.  No flavor of soy, or savoriness, no hint of beefiness.  The same story goes for the beef - bland.  It felt like someone made a bowl of soup, dumped noodles directly from the boiler without draining, and left it on a counter until someone orders it, then it's warmed up using that same Microwave oven and served to unsuspecting customers...lukewarm.  The dumplings arrived last and were at least acceptable - the skins were thicker than expected but the elements are there...the fillings didn't have any off-taste and were rather serviceable - just pork and chives.  It was just mediocre all around.

So, what do I think of this place?  I think those other 15 reviews were written before the place changed owners/staff and the new guys were just "winging it" (i.e. new Chinese immigrant trying to squeeze as much money out before flipping it to someone else), the noodles places in Montreal are even worse than this crap, or they were written by people who just didn't know their Northern cooking  If you want better dumplings, just go to Mie Xiang Yuan (the place on St. Catherine West with the happy dumpling logo), and there are noodles/dumpling joints all over thiz neighborhood, and at least one has to be better.  I cannot think of a single redeeming feature that would lead me to return to this place whatsoever.
