355zerURpj4IMs2no238_A I have frequented this PeiWei restaurant for many years. While I honestly think  the quality of food, taste and service has sharply declined at all Pei Wei restaurants , it is most apparent at this one. Upon walking into the restaurant, the boards were dimly lit and one of them was not working. In addition, the restaurant was in shambles. There was food all over the floors and on the tables. My son and I actually had to wipe rice off of one of the tables to sit down to eat. When our food arrived, it was unrecognizable. We both had ordered to the Orange Peel  Chicken. They must've change the recipe because it was grilled and didn't have any orange peelings on the plate. In addition, the sauce was runny and the chicken was so black it was burnt. I have never had such horrible food at this restaurant so I'm extremely disappointed. In addition, the soda machine was almost out of all the different types of soda. After taking two bites of our food, I asked to speak with the manager, and I told him that I was really disappointed with the food and the appearance of the restaurant. I asked for my money back, which he refunded my entire meal, so I was very appreciative of that. However, I know PeiWei in general is in decline, and I they are moving their corporate office out of state and away from Phoenix. I also know that they've had about four CEOs in the past three years or so. They just can't seem to get their act together. I will probably not go back to this restaurant again, as it was such a disappointing experience. What is going on with these restaurants? They used to be a great place for me to take my family, enjoy a good meal and appreciate clean ambiance. Now, they have turned into the sad little "me too" Asian restaurants that don't do anything for me. Very sad. So long Pei Wei... I would not recommend eating at this one, or probably any others. They seem to be in a huge decline and I will be surprised if they stay in business for another year.
