35X0HJFuhGxhFolru7-26w I can't believe I am initiating a review of this place, that nobody has done so yet is quite surprising!! This is the original location with a satellite branch opened a few years ago in LaSalle, which is much larger for family gatherings or parties.

My introduction to Ping was about 7 years ago while on temporary assignment in the area. My co-worker, a single guy whom almost never prepared meals for himself, rather be armed with a plethora of local restaurant menus just asked what style interested my palette. His suggestion of Ping was more than justified as we ordered several dishes each for sampling. Since then I have some die-hard favorites while a few not so much, but for the most part the portions are huge, even in the 'small' size which can be enough for 2 people.

My favorites are:

#9  Singapour noodles, so far the benchmark of which all other restaurants are judged, if you find a better place, please let me know!

#28 Breaded seafood with pepper, best consumed in-house as the crispy texture of the batter is at it's prime. If you do order for delivery or take-out, as the steam from the seafood softens the batter's texture, best to put the ingredients on a cookie sheet lined with parchment paper then into a 350f oven for about 8 minutes to regain the crispiness...this dish with the hot peppers is perfectly paired with a well chilled glass of Tsing Tao beer!!

#37 Soo Guy chicken, moist breast in a nice crispy batter with dipping sauce.

#51 Thai style garlic chicken, a perfect chunky-style soup for a cold winter day.

#52 Chicken with spicy peanut sauce, title says it all, tender morcels of chicken in a sauce that will surprise first time tasters.

With so much more to taste it will take a while to try them. So good is the food mentioned above, even though I live in St. Laurent and work in Rosemont I will still make the trek to buy on my way to work, hence is how I suggested the re-crisping method for the breaded seafood!!

After suggesting this restaurant to others, they are hooked, so I am looking forward to more opinions.
