rgTcICdtCXoNXc71Z7-t5g I recently moved and in searching for Chinese restaurants; using Yelp of course, came across the Flamingo Palace.  The reviews are all over the place from 1 to 5 stars, but it is close, so I decided to give it a try.

A second rating will appear in all my reviews in the future as health issues have caused me to be wheelchair confined (power chair) so that is now my method of transportation; thus mobility access will also be rated.

I have to concur with the more positive reviews.  I've now dined here more than 6 times. This restaurant offers a great value at both lunch and dinner. Yes, the decor is dated, and stereotypical; but I'm not dining here for ambiance.  This is not a destination restaurant.  Lunch specials are priced for $6.45 to $7.45 for more than 15 choices.  All include a choice of soups, an egg roll, 2 won-tons, a huge portion of white or brown rice, and the main course.  My favorite is the shrimp with vegetables, which I order spicy; and it is outstanding - a generous number of shrimp served with broccoli, pea pods, mushrooms, carrots, and water chestnuts.  I also recommend the egg foo yung entree - both Shrimp and House Special.  This is not prepared in the traditional manner but is a base egg foo yung with the shrimp, and sauce, on the top - spectacular dish.  The black pepper beef, only tried at lunch, was an excellent dish.  I've heard diners in the restaurant rave about the potstickers, steamed dumplings, and hot mustard, although I have not personally tried them - yet.

The staff are courteous and attentive.  They seem to know most of the clientele by face, if not name; which is always a good sign.  It means people are satisfied enough to return.

For mobility access I award Flamingo Palace a 4 out of 5.  If they see me coming they rush to open the door; always when I leave. They rush to make an accessible table available, moving chairs and tables if necessary; although there are several accessible tables right near the front of the restaurant.  If the entrance/exit was a little wider, they'd probably get a 5th star.  Maneuvering in and out requires a steady hand and slow speed.

Whether mobility restricted, or not, give this place a try; you won't be disappointed.
