rNqSjfRM09T-VOjRTAF66g Jim W had an interesting thread the other day "what do you miss?"
I don't miss many things about living in the bay, but getting my dim sum fix once a month or so is one of them.
I had my office on Market St. and I had a Yank Sing in the alley right behind my building...I could go for dim sum at lunch, let the dishes pile up and waddle back to my office for nice long afternoon nap:)
If I felt more ambitious, I could walk up to Chinatown to Delicious, New Fortune and Yong Kee for some of the most remarkable food this side of Hong Kong!
It was especially pleasant when we got 4-5 of us to go, and just sit and talk and eat for couple of hours...the art of dim sum:)
With that in mind, I headed out for the near reaches of Chandler this past Saturday.
Jim and Audrey W. organized a dim sum outing at the Phoenix Palace Buffet (I frankly didn't notice the buffet...I'm sure it was there and very good...I was just too busy pointing at bamboo steamers and bowls and plates and saying "give me that one please":)
Jim organized the outing after fellow Yelper Helen Y had noted that this place had changed ownership, chefs, etc., and is now quite good! (I now have 2 things to be grateful to Helen Y. for...helping us find good dim sum in greater Phoenix and allowing me to become a citizen of the Republic of Sweet:)
We were joined on our outing by Kevin H (in an interesting side note, Kevin got ROTD for...Phoenix Palace Buffet on the exact same day that we went for dim sum!!! What are the odds!?:), Marian H. and Dottsy Z. 
The Beautiful Carin wasn't able to make it...she had a little stomach bug and stayed in bed:( 
I was going to stay home and take care of her, but the lure of potentially good dim sum was too great!:)
Off I went with cheery wave and a lilting "feel better" hanging in the air as the door slammed before she changed her mind and asked me to stay around and nurse her back to health:) She's a strong girl...I knew she would pull through:)
Boy, am I glad I went!
The company and conversation were wonderful...everyone cheered me up about having to leave my better half at home (and as anyone who knows us will attest, Carin really is the better half...maybe the better 75%:)
It was a perfect dim sum afternoon! 
We talked, pointed at the carts, ate, talked and ate, talked and ate:) 
I think dim sum is as much about conversation and relaxation as about the food...but having said that, having great food really adds to both the conversation and relaxation factor of a great dim sum lunch...and the food was remarkable!
It was so good! 
There might be a couple of shops that top this place in SFO, but not by much...it's that good!
We had all the standards, shrimp rolls, pork buns, pork dumplings, shrimp dumplings, sticky rice (outstanding sticky rice, BTW).
We had some of the non-standards, tripe, chive dumplings...all delicious and served up with smile!
The service was very good...there were always carts in close proximity, and if you saw something a few tables away and flagged a server down, they always made their way over to help you out:) drinks were refilled promptly, and the empty dishes were moved out to make room for new arrivals.
The biggest surprise came at the end of our lunch...the total for 6 of us was less than $70!!!
I used to spend more than that for dim sum lunch for 2 in SFO (and twice that much in HK)! Amazing!
Jim, thanks for organizing! It was a great lunch with a fun group!
It's great to know where to get my dim sum fix!
