3dk9XrtorfOJu8yX6BVYRg It was my first time trying this place today and I was super impressed. I drive past it all the time on my way to the airport and have always been curious. I was a little nervous because I've tried other Mongolian grills before that were set up just like this one and they have never tasted that great. I'm also allergic to nuts and no matter how many times I tell the people at other Mongolian grills...i almost always have an allergic reaction. I wish I got the awesome host's name because she was super helpful to me the whole time I was there. Whenever I looked like I didn't know what I was doing she would come over and help me out. I also wish there was a tip jar in front because I would have loved to tip her for her awesome customer service! 

This place not only had great customer service, but also great food! I got my food to-go but this is pretty much how the place works: you have different options on the size of the bowl you can get to fill up. I got the small bowl but it was enough for two meals for me. They have good meat choices, yes the meat is raw and cold but that is why it stays fresh! Then they have different veggies to choose from and 3 types of noodles. You pile as much food as you can inside that bowl and they actually encourage you to cheat to get more food! They give you pieces of wax paper so that you can literally smash the food down and fit more inside the bowl. You can pile it up as high as you want...just as long as it isn't spilling all over the place. Then there is the AWESOME sauce bar. You can make your own sauce by mixing them together, or you can follow their easy instructions that show you how to make specific sauces! I told the cook that I was allergic to peanuts and without hesitation he cleaned the entire grill for me to make sure I didn't get any traces in my food. I also got one box to take either brown rice or white rice home and to-go soup bowl for a side of soup (the spicy beef was soooo good) and a drink. 

As you can tell I was very impressed by this place and will be returning again very soon! Lastly, if the host with the brown hair who helped me today is reading this...You're awesome! -sincerely the really lost and confused Asian girl who had to ask you a billion questions.
