rswuhMY5vCbvZvF2wBIhqg Ok. A full star is generous but this site only allows 1 star increments.
I've been to this place 3 times, hoping that service will either improve or balance out. I like to support "mom and pop" places and local restaurants which is why I gave it several opportunities to make up for poor service. But to my disappointment, this is the last straw.
I show up for a bite to eat with a friend around 9pm on a Monday night which is typically the slowest night of the week for most restaurants. As soon as we received our menus we were already expected to give our order. After asking for a few more minutes to decide, the waitress comes back in less than a minute, urging us to make a decision. Strike 1. Next after ordering our food, we receive our orders in a reasonable amount of time. By now it's about 9:15. The food is mediocre as usual but that can be forgiven to a certain degree. While I'm still eating the last few bites of my food, the waitress is tugging at my plate to take it away. I had to stop her and tell her that I wasn't quite finished. Strike 2. She came back a couple of minutes later dropped off the check and packed the few leftovers. By now it's around 9:30. My friend and I were in the middle of a conversation when she rudely interrupted to ask to close the check. I glanced at my watch to be mindful of the time they close which was 10pm...it was 9:35. Strike 3. At this point, enough is enough. I asked for a manager to let her know of the poor service and I was suddenly surrounded by the remaining wait staff which stood there waiting for me to act crazy or something. After politely speaking my dissatisfaction, my friend and I left vowing never to return and encourage others to do the same.
In this economic climate, you would think that frequent customers would save establishments like this. However, to create frequent customers, they would have to be encouraged to come back!!
I am amazed how this place stays in business. Mediocre food (at best), rather high prices, and poor service. If you want to pour money into local businesses, pour it somewhere else because this establishment could care less.
