RvwZqjdkZ_pER0moPXLZAQ Its been over 2 years since I have been at this place. I bragged about this place all the time to people visiting in Pittsburgh. I was craving the stinky tofu here and of course since boba runs in my veins, I had to come back and visit. The food was even better than i remembered but I removed stars for the service. 

I decided to go with stinky tofu appetizer, the shredded pork and bamboo shoots stir fry, hollow stem vegetable with garlic, and a hot black milk tea with boba. He asked me if I wanted hot or cold and I specifically said "hot." The server also called hollow stem vegetable as watercress, which i then asked him in chinese just to make sure I had ordered the right vegetable. In hind sight, I should have corrected him and let him know that watercress is NOT hollow stem. Perhaps he needed more training, but thank goodness I spoke Chinese and knew what I wanted. 

A few things wrong, the server brought my bubble tea and it was cold. She said the server was new and didn't write if I wanted hot or cold. I said I had ordered hot. But then I told her that I would still take the cold drink since its already made, I had been waiting and was super thirsty anyways. The food came out in good timing. The stinky tofu changed slightly from what I remembered. Last time the sauce was sweet. This time, the sauce and fermented cabbage was spicy, which is better this way! I liked this change of flavor. The pork and bamboo was delicious, with very tender bamboo. Lastly, the hollow stem vegetable was non-greasy and lightly seasoned to my liking. After a few sips of my milk tea, it was quite cold at the table by the window so I asked my server if I could swap my cold milk tea back to a hot milk tea since I realized me accepting their mistake was a mistake of my own. He comes back and says that I couldn't since I had already taken a few sips. At this time, I was a bit disappointed with the service so I said I will just pay for a hot one then. 

At time of payment, I expressed my disappointment and what happened with the front lady but nothing was done. I packed the rest of my food and left. While my tummy was full and satisfied, I left with a slight bitterness.
