rwKJHC-DE2aLTZiS_xFy7g **BAD SERVICE**

This place is always busy especially on a weekend or Friday night. But the good thing is they give you a beeper and when you're table is ready, the electronic device beeps and you know to head back to the restaurant. Very convenient if you don't want to squish inside and get in the way of people walking in and out. Wait time is usually 15-20mins.

The place is quite small so as for their tables, if you're in a group of 4 and get one of the square tables, having a bowl each on it is ridiculous, there's basically no space you can place your bowls, nerveless the side dishes which you have ordered! In order for them to max out the seating space, they have stool along the walls where you can face the wall to eat. 

There's basically no service here, so don't expect any! They just sit you down and give you a bowl of WARM lemon tap water which you self serve. The menu is pretty simple, noodles, rice, side dishes nothing too fancy or unusual but PLENTY of pictures in case you don't understand what it is, which I find great!

We ordered a few side dishes, the lamb skewers and pig ears to share for the table. And each one of us ordered a bowl of noodles. Noodles don't come at the same time even though you ordered at the same time. We waited 15mins from the first to the last bowl so we could eat at the same time. Noodles tasted great, as well as the soup but as to portion size, it was LITTLE! The side dishes were also good! I would recommend ordering the pig ears and lamb skewers.

As we finished and wanted our bill, they brought us a new bowl of noodles and charged us for it. We told them we didn't order and the fact that we didn't place a second order and we were clearly finished eating, they were so confused! They brought it back to the kitchen and came out again with the same noodles to our table and asked if we could pay for it and take it home!
After a 10min discussion, they finally agreed on removing it from the bill.

Terrible communication and forcing customer to pay for something they did not order! Very bad service because they don't care! Would come back again for the FOOD but hate the service!!
