rwKJHC-DE2aLTZiS_xFy7g Yeah, yeah. I'm back. Now I know what you're thinking. "Hey Allen, if you hated it so much the first time, why did you come back?" 
I recently saw a post on blogTO about magic noodle and figured I should really give it another shot. 
I'm glad I did!
I came in during an off-peak time on purpose because last time I came in was very busy (as it usually gets here). My first impression of this place, with a fresh outlook, is that it's a quick and delicious and economical place to have a good lunch or dinner anytime. They're open hours are absurd from 11 a.m. until 5 a.m. the next day, which makes it very convenient for some. I came in and ordered the braised beef soup and was not disappointed. It came separately with the noodles and all the fresh greens in one bowl and the soup with the protein in the other and by mixing them together only when you're ready to eat it creates a really fresh and delicious meal. The only complaint I would have about the food that I received is that a couple pieces of beef were pure blubber, however the rest of it was so delicious it's almost not worth mentioning. 

The reason I gave this place 3 out of 5 stars is because if you come in during on peak hours you're not going to be happy with the service. It's kind of hard to give a place a 5-star review that doesn't deliver consistency. I deducted another star because I have a problem with their options on the menu. As delicious as my braised beef soup was, there were really limited options, especially for vegetarians. I have to say, off the top of my head, I know more people that eat chicken than do haggis, but unfortunately chicken is not offered as a protein option, but you're in luck if you like haggis!  They only have lamb, beef, and pork. I can imagine that, as they are now a franchise, they should consider adding new options to their menu to cater to a wider audience (vegetarians, pescatarians, chicken, and vegan). But otherwise this place was quick economical and truly delicious for a quick bite before work.
