rwKJHC-DE2aLTZiS_xFy7g Sigh...it is really hard to find good food. I saw the advertisement for this place and I was excited to try hand pulled noodles so I got my boyfriend to come eat here with me. He jokingly said we should eat mcds beside magic noodle, honestly I should have opt for that option better. Bf order the chicken friar fried noodle and I order the pork belly hand shaven noodle. Also in addition to the meal, I ordered the garlic wings. The waiter who came to took our order barely spoke , and when he did, he was whispering..no, he wasn't even whispering. He spoke so quiet , that we both couldn't even hear him. He barely made eye contact and when he punch the order in, it look like he doesn't even know how to do it. I told him to replace the bok Choy with shiitake mushrooms and add bean sprouts to my bowl. After ordering he comes back 12 minutes later and says he can't replace the mushrooms with bok choy, I told him it's fine as long as I have beansprouts and mushrooms in the bowl. A long wait later , bf got his noodles and starts eating and 10 minutes after I got my bowl. Keep in mind the wait is justified if it is busy but only me and my bf with two more people were there cause we came at night. My bowl came and there were no beansprouts , they took out the bok choy which is fine and add in TWO tiny pieces of mushroom..for 1$-$2? And that's what you get apparently. Portion of the food is both small, and the broth or sauce taste like Chinese medicine and bland. After a while , I was wondering when they will bring the garlic chicken wings?..as soon as we put our chopsticks down, that is the only time the waiter came to us to slap the bill down and we asked him if those wings will ever make it out. He looks soooo confused as if we spoke alien to him and I said we order those but I guess the waiter didn't pay attention and he said we didn't ordered it and made no attempt to say sorry or even tell the kitchen to make it. Both of us fed up with time and bland taste of food that we just paid and left.
