s_LBvWoe1Vsfhw3vdmiLuw I can't find better chinese food in the valley. It's not because I haven't looked either. I have been in the valley most of my life, and usually tend to get sick at most chinese restaurants (or shortly thereafter).
I first went to Chinatown Restaurant back in 2006, and had their sesame chicken on a lunch break. It was the best i'd ever eaten! The only thing that came close to it was a business dinner in D.C. at a place charging $45/plate, and even that was only MARGINALLY better... and it was also on the other side of the continent from where I live!
I have been going in every week or 3 since then, and pretty much ordering the same thing. The owners are a nice couple who have 2 kids that help out, and another family member that does a lot of the cooking and some of the delivering. It is genuinely a FAMILY business, and I've been happy to support it. Everytime I bring friends and family in, they love it, especially when they get the Sesame Chicken. It's the only thing on the menu I can recommend, because of the crispy (I'm dead serious, crispy...not like we say its crispy and it comes out mushy...like EVERY other chinese restaurant out there) shell surrounding the tender and juicy chicken. Add to it, their fried rice (add extra chopped up egg, and it's perfect!) and a bbq pork bun (fresh baked sweet bun with some bbq pork in the center) and you'll be in heaven.
Anytime I deviate from that order, I tend to be let down, so I stick with it! Some of my friends and family like some of their other items.... but this is my review dang it! They can write their own!
We're outside their delivery area now by a mile or two, but for a buck or so extra they'll deliver, which we love!
The dining area is pretty clean, with daily newspapers usually on a table or two for customers to read. The tables are always clean, which is refreshing (it shouldn't need to be refreshing, however, I eat at taco bell, mcdonalds, subway, etc... and they NEVER clean their tables), and you can top off your drink as much as you want. They also have a nice fish tank, which gives your mind something to do while you wait for your freshly made food to come out. They also have a hdtv, which is usually tuned to a chinese/hong kong station. I watched the new years countdown in Hong Kong live last year lol!
1 word of caution, avoid the bathrooms. Walk next door to Frys.
