S37sKRRfkhFZRpxaYzWo_A We all have those iconic food moments in our lives and one of mine was in a small noodle shop off the Hibaya subway line in Tokyo where they made noodles by hand, scraping noddles off a huge block of dough, with a pastry scraper, into a large wok of boiling water with huge clouds of steam rising up into the cooking area (they also made one hell of a pan fried Gyoza that I still dream about), and I've spent the last two years thinking how great to have a place like it in Phoenix. 

Well, wishes do come true because I was flipping through the 2010 best of Phoenix from New Times earlier this week and China Magic Noodle House was in there as a place to try so today, after watching the early screening of the movie Social Networking, I headed over to Chandler to try it out. I was pleasantly surprised to see it in the same shopping center as Lee Lee's, an Asian market that people have been telling me to check out for ages.

Well, I walk in and a fairly large space with plenty of tables. The menu had several types of noodles and through a glass window in the back you can see cooks making fresh noodles. I chose the scraped noodles with minced pork since that seemed the closest to what I had in Japan. I also noticed that they had a variety of fresh fruit drinks (included a special of watermelon for $2), but stuck with water so I could focus on the noodles. The ones that came out were scraped and somewhat longer than the ones I had in Tokyo and they seemed a bit drier as well, though when I mixed up the bowl there was some great pork broth, along with shredded lettuce. I added some hot chili paste that was provided on the table and a splash or two of soy sauce, did another mix, and well, started eating.

Okay, different from the noodles in Tokyo but...I had one of those great food experiences where you sort of zone out a bit because you enjoy what you are eating so much. Something about the fresh made noodles, the flavorful mix of pork meat and broth, and the slight bite of the chili paste was, as we say in Hawaii, Ono (good)! I don't know if I am willing to say I love the place yet but from a first try, I am definitely a fan. The best part, after the meal you can go cruise around in Lee Lee's for a bit and see specialty food items from just about every Asian culture you can imagine. Next time I go to the noodle shop I'll try the soup noodles - the soup noodles with lamb is on my radar! All I can say, I hope they expand and open a place in Tempe. Their food is inexpensive, fresh, and tasty, perfect for college students.
