S9CrHJJnns3cqdGca7mQWQ 3.5 STARS- All around good Chinese restaurant 

    I enjoy trying different places, and as part of my Chinese restaurant tour Chopstix was a stop. It was Christmas Eve a special day when several restaurants were closed. Chopstix was open. I'd pull into the Walmart Neighborhood Market-anchored shopping center at the northeast corner of Bermuda and Silverado Ranch Roads. After the Christmas Eve lunch, I'd enjoy the experience to the degree of returning in the beginning of the new year. 

   In reality I have been familiar with Chopstix. This location is actually Chopstix 2. In the past, I have dined at their Eastern at Windmill location a couple of times. A few years ago, I gave it a good rating ( https://www.yelp.com/biz/chopstix-las-vegas ). What both locations share in common is a take-out style environment, good food, decent service, and good lunch specials. 

   On my two visits here, I spent less than $10 on a lunch special with a fountain beverage. With the exception of an employee bringing the paper plate of food to one of the few tables, this is mainly a self-serve restaurant. 

   Following the headline of the review: 3.5 Stars: All around Good Chinese food; the food isn't bad nor outstanding. It is good Chinese food that I enjoyed the Christmas Day visit when I ordered the shrimp lo mein lunch special then early in January 2016 when I ordered the pepper steak lunch special. Both times, the lunch special included the soup of the that is the expected egg drop soup. The lunch specials featured the entree on the right half of the plate with the fried rice on the left and an egg roll at the 12 o' clock position. I appreciate that the entree takes up at least half the plate in contrast to a few places where filler soft chow mein noodles and fried rice takes up more than half. Additionally, I appreciate that the Chopstix lunch menu includes shrimp lo mein. The facts that more than half the plate is an entree and they offer shrimp lo mein for lunch merrits a 1/2 rating increase. 

   After stopping by Chopstix 2 two times on my Chinese Restaurant tour, I spread the word that it is a good Chinese restaurant. I wouldn't travel out of my way to eat here, however, if I was nearby there is a possibility that I would return.
