3HrT5IcO3sd4pSBCFP4OYw This is a hard review, I've never experienced anything like this place. Usually food is either good or bad, end of story. I love the entrees , they are inspired and tasty, the chef has a deft hand with his spices and flavors (not just the usual garlic and oyster sauce) BUT (and this is a HUGE but) the appetizers have proved to be consistently disappointing. On my first visit (see previous review), I raved about the main courses but was less than impressed with the appetizers and agreed to go back again to give them a second chance.After all anyone can have an off night in the kitchen. Well, once again, major disappointment. This time I ordered the "Award Winning" creamy crab puffs (AKA crab rangoon where I come from) one of my personal all time favs and some dried, I mean fried, won-tons. The crab puffs were overcooked and hard (not crispy) so much so that i had to beak off all the edges and just eat the middle which was just average. More cream than crab and very bland - no puff about it. The fried wontons were also overcooked and in addition to looking like a small marble, were as hard as one. These were the smallest wontons I have ever seen. The filling was rolled into a very tight tiny ball the size of a small marble and were so uniform in size I believe they were a mass produced frozen product and not fresh made. Once again I broke off the hard edges, the middle was blah, very little flavor couldn't even identify what it was made of. An order of 8 is $4.95- Outrageous considering their diminutive size..all 8 could fit into the palm of your hand - and nondescript flavor. So, between the previous experience of ice cold BBQ beef on a stick and cabbagy bland egg rolls and this most recent debacle, I give up. I can only recommend them for their entrees which are so good I will go back for just those. ..hence my two star rating which would be a one if those entrees weren't so good. The service isn't so hot either, servers/waiters/counter help are pretty blase. Sigh, I guess nothing is perfect and I'll have to go down the street to PF Chang's for my appetizers which I will do considering the lack of options for good ole' back home Chinese food in Arizona.
