SBNucLXc9dQP6VBj__XOmQ Food gets 3 stars - service gets 1. Stopped in around 8:15 on Saturday night. First service was thinning out and we were seated immediately. Server greeted us after 15 minutes for our drink order. It wasn't a good a start and we considered leaving. We ordered the lettuce wraps for an appetizer with our drinks - given we had ample time to read the menu. Three waters and a coke arrived quickly. The lettuce wraps were out in 5 minutes, but for an unexplained reason, it took almost 10 for my San Pelligrino to arrive. The lettuce wraps were fair at best. The five small pieces of dehydrated romaine contributed to a disappointing first course. The three main dishes arrived 40 minutes after we ordered them. Two Dishes were cold. The third was fresh and hot. We were starving so we did not complain when Marcus finally checked on us half way through the dishes. We put the chop sticks down at 9:20 full and relatively satisfied. We waited 15 minutes for our check. We were getting impatient and scanned the restaurant for our server Marcus. I decided to stand up to make it clear we were ready to go. Marcus emerged and asked if we needed anything. I said, "the check please, we need to get going. An hour and fifteen minutes is too long for dinner without drinks (cocktails)." This is when our experience went from fair to bad. Instead of apologizing, Marcus replied in a frustrated tone, "I checked on you four times." My guest quipped back, "no you didn't." Marcus walked away mumbling under is breath. Then we heard him complaining to fellow employees loud enough for us and other guests to hear, "what do they expect on a Saturday night. An hour and fifteen minutes not fast enough..." When he repeated his rant, I approached him and said, "you're gonna take the feedback personally and call me out in the middle of the restaurant? Not professional." I could have let it go, but have never experienced this kind rude behavior before. I walked away, paid the bill and left.
