3j_mvJHnT7nJd7su_7zazw I don't know what happened? 2 years ago I used to come to "Ginseng 3" all the time. There used to be a very charismatic Korean kid working here who would provide excellent customer service and run the whole restaurant by himself. Also, the food was always good. The Korean BBQ beef was always flavored to perfection, and the Chinese-Korean noodle dishes were better than what you get in Korea Town.  The free appetizers were always of the highest quality because they would make all the variations of kimchee by scratch and not order it premade. 

Yesterday, I came here with my best friend. He flew in from Norway and wanted some Korean food. He had been craving it for years since the only Korean restaurant in North Norway recently went out of business. The moment we stepped in, everything was different. The server was a new guy who was extremely hands off and barely came around. The free appetizers were no longer of high quality and was that generic kimchee you get prepackaged at those Korean markets.  The BBQ beef, which had gone up in price to $25, was now almost flavorless and tasted like they marinated it for only 10minutes and cooked it in a toaster oven. At most all Korean restaurants, they give you enough beef for 3-4 people. This place charges $25 and gives you only enough food to feed one person. For only like $9.99 you can get AYCE Korean Beef at some places and it tastes 100 times better than this.   

The Sushi I ordered tasted like they made it in the morning and refrigerated it.  As we all already know, Sushi is my favorite food in the world. I didn't expect "great" sushi from this place, but I did expect mediocre sushi. It wasn't even mediocre! To tell you the truth, I have never had bad sushi from a Korean style sushi restaurant. Korean sushi chefs are very creative and innovative and try to invent new styles and sauces for traditional sushi, which always turns out really really good. So, whenever I want great Sushi, I go offstrip 15 miles to "Sushi Bomb" where many of the chefs are Korean. My sushi at "Ginseng 3" was the first time I was disappointed while eating Sushi at a Korean style restaurant.   

Even though the service was so bad, my friend still left a giant tip. I don't know why Europeans always leave such big tips even though service sucks?

This was a first for me. It was the first time I ever had Sushi I could not finish, and it was the first time I ever got bad service from a Korean restaurant. Usually Korean restaurants have excellent service. Not this place... Oddly, the restaurant is now busier than it has ever been. Back a couple of years ago when the service and food were actually good, they  never had this many customers. Very strange...

I'm still give it 3-stars because my friend liked this place. I guess most 
Europeans can't tell the difference between bad and good Korean food.
