sQ6DZZLLJRfwUr0eDWKDDg The Hong Kong Style Rice Noodles with beef dish ( gon chow ngau ho, fried wide rice noodles with beef) is the most authentic Hong Kong style dish I have found in the valley. Except Tott's improved on this dish by making it less greasy than it is traditionally made. It totally takes me back to NYC Chinatown and Flushing where I grew up eating this dish a few times a week. I wanted to call my mom while I was eating to tell her that I finally found an authentic and good Chinese dish in Phoenix but she was already in bed for the night. 

My fiancé had the Orange Chicken with fried rice and he enjoyed it. I tasted some and although Orange Chicken is a Chinese-American dish, I have to admit it was tasty nonetheless. I do a lot of Asian cooking since it is the cuisine of my culture and as far as I can tell that there are no questionable ingredients in the sauce, like weird thickeners, strange syrups, or MSG and whatnot. It tastes as homemade as you can get from a restaurant (not that any real Chinese person would make Orange Chicken at home).

The portions were huge. My fiancé eats like a horse, usually he polishes off his plate and the rest of mine, but this time he finished his dish and was too full to help me eat the rest of mine. I actually ended up taking home leftovers, that's how much food there was per order!  The quality of the ingredients was good, the chicken looks and tastes like chicken and the texture is of chicken.  Definitely a problem at other Asian dining establishments, but not an issue at this one.

The owner was on premises and he takes the time to talk with customers. He is willing to customize the dish to your liking. Feeling like 1/2 chicken AND1/2  beef? No problem. Extra spicy? Sure! No onions? Ok. I liked that.

I could not tell the ethnic background of the owner, but he does speak Cantonese like myself. So, this would go to say that perhaps the dishes that are not chiefly Chinese may not be to your expectation because they are not actually made by a true Korean/Thai, etc. and they may not be employing true Thai recipes or cooking techniques. I will give some of the Thai dishes a try at my next visit, but I have a feeling that the real standouts at this restaurant will be the Chinese dishes.

Place was clean and service was great. They have some really authentic dishes here, and now I feel like I don't need to bother going to those upscale fast food Asian chains anymore. They overcharge for the portion size that you actually get and the food isn't as authentic as they claim.

This place is a little far from my house but I'll definitely come back, I can't wait to try out other items on the menu!
