SxjNgkzAlUG-wt2rSbc2HQ Went in for lunch. Stood at the entrance to survey the floor-plan. It's a relatively narrow place, but it goes all the way to the back with an upper floor and the kitchen in the lower floor. Stairway to washrooms hidden around the corner.

After finishing my look-around, no one came to greet me so I just helped myself in.
There seems to only be 2 wait-staff, and they're pretty much just whatever about things, which is alright this is the kind of place I'm used to. One of them was standing there eating a bowl of noodles. Yelp asks if there's waiter service. I'm going to have to pick "not sure".

When asked about seats, one of them just looked around and said "just take the big table", which is pretty nice considering the alternative was a really small table in the corner. I think service-wise, at least they're giving me a good seat and not being stingy about it.

* * *

They've got a lot of menus: lunch menu, take-out menu, regular menu, late-night menu, etc. If you're looking for the lunch menu you may have to ask for it if they don't give it to you. Or maybe I was at the big table so they expected me to notice the stack of menus across the table or something.

Lunch options feature all sorts of combinations of meats or vegetables with rice, starting at $5.95; the kind of price-point I like.

* * *

I ordered the Hunan Beef with Rice. The portion size was quite large for the price, however that's about the only good thing I can say about it apart from the light show. The dish was amazingly glossy. Like literally, it was shining!  I can't remember the last time I had meat or vegetables that had such reflectivity.

Taste just wasn't there. The only thing you can taste was salty sauce. The beef was cooked through all the way and it was so soft that I wasn't sure whether I was eating meat or not.

* * *

If you need emergency rations to last you several meals at an inexpensive price, you might consider getting food from this place. Or, of course, if you're a student at UofT and need something at 1 AM since they offer free delivery for UofT students on $10+ orders...

Note that I only tried one dish out of the hundreds that they offer, and this was on their lunch menu as well, so I'm not sure how the more expensive options might be.
