SxjNgkzAlUG-wt2rSbc2HQ New Ho King is where the party continues -- and not just in your mouth.

Where else can you saunter (stagger) in at 2, 3 or 4 am and still quench your insatiable urge to continue the swilling simply by asking one of your snazzy hairdo'd waiters for a pot of "cold tea"?  If you don't mind drinking "tea" that smells like barley and hops way after last call -- this place is for you.

If you're NOT an alky and just an admirer of cantonese cuisine, then this place is also for you.  Truth be told and all things considered -- New Ho King is the hands down best Chinese restaurant on the Spadina strip.
There.  I said it.  And its true.  They've never been red-signed like Swatow, they don't overdo the garlic like Rol San does and any other contender on the strip just isn't part of the conversation.

Too much grease?  Perhaps they lay it on a bit thick but if you're ordering fried noodle Cantonese Chow Mein -- what do you expect? 

The staples are good -- Shrimp and Lobster Sauce over white rice, the aforementioned Cantonese Chow Mein with the noodles deep fried to just the right crunch and even General Tso's and Sweet and Sour Chicken Balls for those of you whose knowledge of chinese cuisine extends not far past Manchu Wok.

New Ho King really shines when you go off the beaten path.  The Spicy Beef is shreds of beef rolled in sugar and pan-fried -- bet you didn't know that beef could be a candy.  The Spicy Salted Seafood is like the Treasures of the Sea from Full House -- sea scallops, shrimps and squid deep fried with chilies and dusted with sea salt.  No wonder there's always a full house here.

Finally, my favourite -- and you won't find this on the menu -- but the guys will know exactly what to give you if you ask for Chicken with Black Bean Sauce over Crispy Fried Egg Noodles.  A frankenstein mish-mash creation that is the result of a mating between a Cantonese Chow Mein and a Black Bean Sauce dish -- dripping with greasy goodness.

Some more tidbits from a New Ho King frequent flyer:

- New Ho King is the restaurant in the Public Service Announcement commercial currently on TV about Gambling Addiction.  Ironic, since a trip to New Ho King is NEVER a gamble.

- One of the original owners and most popular waiters, Albert moved to mainland China and opened up a restaurant -- he was supposed to come back, but never did.  Want to be treated like family?  Ask the waiters, "Where's Albert?"

- Not much of a secret anymore, but if you're low on cash and its late at night -- ask the waiter for the Late Night Menu.  Lots of great choices for $6 or less (including the aforementioned Shrimp and Lobster Sauce over Rice).  

- Probably still a secret and even more interesting -- smile the right way and be polite -- they'll let you order off the Late Night Menu at 4pm in the afternoon.

New Ho King is lovingly referred to by its devotees as simply "New Ho" -- but despite the shortened moniker, one thing is for sure:

As far as Chinese Restaurants on the Spadina strip go, "New Ho" is definitely, hands-down -- THE KING.
