sYDc1TENwCKLHvprBa5rLw If I could do 2 1/2 starts I would.

I ordered here for lunch one day, as they deliver and I was the only one at work so I couldn't leave to grab food. There is a minimum $15 dollar order for delivery order as well as a $1.50 delivery charge. This isn't bad considering the low min. order amount, however, their menu prices are so cheap that you end up buying a lot of food to meet the $15 minimum. This was alright thought, because leftovers (especially Chinese) are always nice.

Anyhow, I ordered the chow mein lunch special with fried rice and won-ton soup, an additional order of chow mein, an order of spring rolls and and order of chicken with snow peas and mushrooms. The guy on the phone stated that it would be about 45 mins to an hour. This is a little above the average delivery time, but I figured that because they're a small, local business that it was somewhat reasonable.

Needless to say, about an hour later the delivery boy came and dropped off the food. He was nice and clean, but awkward and quiet.

It was nice to see that I was given two boxes of white rice with the order as well. I first tried the white rice and it didn't taste like traditional steamed jasmine rices do. It almost had a nutty flavor to it and it was extremely greasy for a fried rice, which was pretty odd. It didn't taste bad by any means, but it was just unusual. The wonton soup was very average. One filled wonton and strips of rare beef (?) in a light broth. Nothing special. Spring rolls were okay, pretty standard for a fast-food-ish type Asian place. The lunch special was again just alright. Fried rice was pretty much just rice with the frozen-looking peas and carrots mixed in and the chow mein was pretty greasy. It was nice to see that the chow mein did in fact have a nice portion of veggies in it, even if they looked fresh-frozen. The most disappointing part of the meal was the chicken with the snowpeas and mushrooms. It came in a bowl packed-full to the top, but when I opened up the lid, there was some sort of sauce/juice filling half the bowl and the chicken and veggies were just soaking in it. This was very disappointing and made the dish rather unappetizing. I ended up throwing about 3/4 of it away.

Pros:
Good price for portion ratio
Delivery

Cons:
Long delivery wait
Sub-par quality food
Minimum delivery charge

All in all, if you are looking for a quick/cheap place for delivery, China Jade is just ok. I would recommend nearby Red House instead. A little more pricey, but worth it for your tummy.

Photos of my food are posted.
