szhJLmdLDVFTevm8fu0T4A It's Saturday and we decided to go to Great Wall for dim sum. I had heard about this place from my cousin, but didn't have a chance to try it until today.  We got a late start and by the time we got to Great Wall it was close to 1 pm.  

The place is fairly spacious and we were seated right away. We noticed that they had a live fish tank with lobster, dungeness crab, assorted fish and even shrimp.

The bustling dim sum carts came to us pretty quickly. 

We tried the following items:

Steamed spareribs- small cubes of spareribs steamed in a black bean sauce. It was actually pretty tasty and not super fatty like some places. Would order this again.

Long noodle (churng fun) with shrimp-  the noodles were too thick for my liking even though the shrimp was nice and crunchy and it had a light soy sauce over it. Probably won't order this again unless the noodles are rolled out thinner.

Baked pork bun- these buns looked great, all nicely golden brown with a light layer of sticky syrup to give it a sheen. The bun itself is soft and tasty, but I had to take literally 4 bites of the bun to get any "char siu" or bbq pork filling. Slightly disappointing.

Cocktail bun- these buns seem to be quite popular, as the lady took one quick round trip around just half the room and they were gone. 3 buns come in one order. These are long shaped buns with some sesame on top. Inside are sweetened coconut filling and the bun is soft. A good combo and better than many other places I've tried.

Chinese tamale (jung) - A lotus leaf surrounds the savory goodness of rice, pork and green beans and chinese sausage (lap churng). They also have the option of peanuts instead of green beans if you want.

Fried taro puff-  Mashed up taro is stuffed with minced pork, green onions with 5 spice powder and fried up with this puffy coating. I thought the taro puff here was a bit harder or denser than some places I've tried.
 
Steamed shu mai- is perhaps one of the more famous Chinese dim sum items as it is steamed shrimp and pork dumpling. However, the shu mai at Great Wall is mediocre at best.  The shu mai is a bit denser than I am normally accustomed to and the skin falls off easily as you pick it out from the mini steamer.

Pan fried turnip cake- this was surprisingly better than expected. It was pan fried to a nice golden brown on both sides and you could taste the dried shrimp, lap churng and bits of turnip. Definitely recommend trying this.

Congee / Porrdige - we tried the 1000 year old egg with salted pork porridge and it was fine. Lots of chunks of egg and pork mixed in the porridge.

The bill came out to be a little over $27 for 3 people - not bad at all.

I haven't tried their dinner items so this review is just for their dim sum. Over all, one of the better places that I've encountered while visiting the Phoenix area. Would come back for dim sum again and will give this place a try for dinner sometime soon.
