tAEKCC7h9h9A79SfYx0Prg If you don't mind restaurants that rely heavily on deep fryers and copious amounts of soybean oil in a wok to cook food, then you may like this venue. 

It is Asian style, but it is certainly not authentic in any way. I only went there because I looked at the menu beforehand and thought there were a couple 'safe' foods I could get that couldn't possibly get screwed up by anyone. 

The ambiance is okay. It seemed a little dark and dank, a little dirty, a little "Ew, what is this on my chair?" It's the type of venue where after handling the menu you look around desperately for a bathroom to clean your hands with the concentration of a surgeon. 

I ordered a California Roll and a salad as my meal. My hubby ordered the appetizer-sampler-type option and walnut shrimp for an entree.

The appetizer came out with crab wontons, pot stickers, and shrimp. Everything was greasy and oily, the wontons and shrimp heavily soaked in oil. I know lots of restaurants are slaves to their deep fryers, but this was clearly soaking in oil. To the point that even my non-discerning husband was afraid to eat the entire plate because of the potential havoc that may occur later in the intestines.

So, after passing on the appetizer, out came my 'California roll' and salad. The salad would have been okay, but there was sooo much sugary 'raspberry' dressing on it that I felt like I was eating candy. Topped with candied walnuts and yellow, dried out chicken.. it didn't float my boat. The California roll was clearly not rolled by anyone who does that for a living. It was mostly long grain rice packed around a teeny tiny amount of cucumber, avocado, and imitation crab in the center. I don't quite know why it tasted so off, but I couldn't choke it down.

My husband did enjoy his walnut shrimp entree. He thought it was as good as any other he's had from other restaurants.

I must mention that our waitress, Trixie, is probably the best waitress we've ever had. She was so kind and polite, took her job seriously and really strove to make our dining experience pleasant. I felt horrible saying anything bad about my meal because she was so awesome. However, Trixie is perceptive. She could see it on my face when I wasn't satisfied with my meal and without question, she offered us a dessert to make up for it. What a surprise!! I didn't expect or ask for anything and she was so observant and eager to please. My husband and I really valued and appreciated her excellent service and I hope they treat her well at work. 

My advice - Go for Trixie, not the food. ;)
