tAEKCC7h9h9A79SfYx0Prg My husband and I decided to try this place because we had won a gift card at our daughter's school's silent auction. We arranged for childcare and went out to the casino on a Sunday night. The ambiance is seriously lacking due to "windows" that open up into the casino allowing sound and smoke to invade like a flock of rabid pigeons at a garden party. We were seated at a tiny table in a corner in front of the aforementioned windows. This definitely was not adding to the desired "date" feel. 

The menu was that of a posery "Bamboo Club" but lacked much of the club's appeal (and that's not saying much). We are very familiar with Asian food as my husband is Chinese and I was raised in a Chowhouse. The food was definitely not what one would could authentic, but more of a merely adequate take on fusion. We started with the Ahi appetizer. I believe we enjoyed the slaw it was served on more than the fish itself, as it was none too impressive. We decided to share an entree because we wanted to do three courses. For this we chose the seafood hot pot. I thought the sauce was good, but did not warrant the green curry label. I also thought salmon was a strange choice for the fish chunks in the dish. A white fish would have taken on the curry flavor much better. Salmon isn't something I really expect in cooked Asian dishes. When we ordered this dish, the waitress recommended that we not get the fried rice because the dish was "more like a stew". We hadn't even discussed fried rice because we knew what what we were ordering. Maybe this is a suggestion that should be reserved for people who ask for fried rice to avoid sounding condescending. 

The desserts were decidedly not Asian, despite making a dessert spring roll. We tried the creme brulee because I'm a sucker for it. A little bit grainy IMO but it had a good flavor. 

When it came time to settle the bill, all love was lost. They do not take Ling and Louie's gift cards! This was the sole reason we tried this place. The manager was sent over and dealt with us in a very patronizing (emphasis on very) tone about how he just couldn't do anything about it. When the waitress (Brittani?) returned she inquired what he had done to help and we told her nothing ,and that we were pretty angry. She then left for awhile and came back, telling us that she had asked him (the manager) to take off the entree and my hot tea. He did this, but only after she told him that we had considered leaving our gift card and splitting. Seriously, I have never considered a dine and dash until this jerk spoke to me like I was a four year old who had eaten too many cookies. Thanks Brittani, you're doing what it takes to make customers happy. Your manager, however, will rip the proverbial mask from the lackluster ambiance and flavors and expose this place for what it really is, a casino food stand. Think I'll go to Panda Express next time.
