3PsmvwxetLz1Tzb-6mNhgA First impressions are everything.

I ate here yesterday evening (around 7PM on a Tuesday)...

My friend and I attempted to enter through the revolving door; however, there were two children blocking the entry...one on either side of the frame, both pushing. We stood there for a moment, staring at them, assuming that their father would take charge and make them stop...he didn't.

We entered through the side door. 

The hostess was polite, but was either deaf or incapable of answering my questions. She stood behind her register along with another female and an older, bald male, who may have been her boss...he just stared at me and watched as the woman seemingly ignored me.

We were then taken to our booth. I ordered warm saké and an ice water; my friend had a water.

Eventually, empty plates were brought out. Despite the dim lighting, I could see many, many water spots all over the plates and silverware...

Parents allowed their children to run around and act like animals. Since I faced the lobby area from my table, I could clearly see the clientele that this place attracted. People who dine here seem incapable of acting like civilized members of society...laying on the benches inside the restaurant, acting obnoxious at their dinner tables, talking on their phones...did I mention that there were kids running around the lobby as their inattentive parents ignored them?

I digress...

My friend's Mongolian beef tasted pretty good. It sure as h*ll was not worth $18. The portion wasn't exactly worth it and the beef (which he allowed me to sample) was dry and chewy.

My ginger chicken was nice. Plump and juicy, very flavorful...the rice, though, was barely warm. 

Overall, I would not go back here unless I were given a gift card. The food portions are overpriced and the atmosphere is...lol...I don't know an accurate word to describe it. 

A word to parents: control your kids. It's not my fault that you decided to procreate, but it reflects directly upon you when your kids act uncivilized. You're the main reason why I am negatively reviewing this restaurant.

A word to management: lower the prices a couple of dollars, clean your cutlery and dishes and ban parents who allow their kids to use your restaurant as a playground.

I probably will not return here...unless a friend offers to pay for my meal and a good amount of alcohol is in store.
