-RmFfWUyUU1RPIGtih7J-w I have been to Grand China quite a few times and normally it is good food, good service and great prices so I decided to take my brother and his wife there for his birthday dinner. HUGE mistake. We got there and the server asked us if it was for here or to-go and we said here. She ask us to wait a minute and proceeded to walk across the dining room. Then she literally yelled "you, here" and walked away. Shortly after that we noticed that people from the dining room were going into the dining room and bringing out food and bottles of wine. We thought, they must be the owners. After about 10 mins she takes or drink order and it is promptly brought over. Then we waited. While we were waiting we noticed still people that didn't work there were going in and out of the kitchen every time with more food and the party they were with went from a single 8 top to two 8 tops and a few additions chairs added. We also noticed that she had taken every single persons order that had come in after us. So after being there for 30 mins and only having water we were about to leave and frankly should have because it only got worse. She came over we ordered a side of steamed rice 3 entrées and a side order of egg rolls. After waiting another 30mins and people still going in and out of the kitchen I ask about the egg rolls which we saw these random people carry out to their table a few times and she said they'll be right out. 5mins later she brings out 2 entrées. That weren't even close to hot. 10 mins go by more people go in and out of then kitchen and she literally tosses the egg rolls on the table, I tried to ask about the other items we ordered And was ignored. After another 15 mins of more people going in and out of the kitchen  and everyone else in dining room had their orders I finally gave up as I sat and watched my brother and his wife eat. I asked her to cancel the remaining orders and then she proceeded to tell me that it was almost ready (mind you we are talking about steamed rice and pad Thai) I mentioned the people that were strolling in and out of the kitchen and then she began to yell at me say that was here family and she actually asked them to get their own food and said they were here first. I when I disputed ( seeing as we watched over half of them come in while we were waiting for our orders to be taken) that she basically called me a liar.an asked her to cancel the remaining orders. Then she wouldn't get us our bill so we had to ask the hostes. Who might I add was very nice and also informed us that our server was the manager. 

I'm going to go out on a limb here and assume that out of the 6 separate people we saw going in and out of the kit grabbing food and bottles of wine didn't have health cards or tams cards. Overall I was completely disgusted. My brother birthday dinner was a complete nightmare! 

During our 3 hours there we watched them carry out 14 different orders and 3 bottles of wine and 7 appetizers. 

I will never go back, neither will any of my friends family and their friends.
