TcGmeeNvbcvnQVmVmlWxlA New spot in the Smith Corners Area. Truth be told, I was anxiously awaiting their opening because I don't have a Chinese carry out in my neighborhood that I will visit anymore. The one I had used previously, I have stopped dining at due to a low health rating. 

So we were in the area and we stopped in for dinner. Upon entry, they greeted us and explained their specials and the menu. It is not a typical menu that you will find at another Chinese carry out. Limited menu but they do offer bao. The setup looks like they will be cafeteria style because they have a buffet line right when you walk in but they did cook our food fresh. I should have asked if that is what they are going to do in the future.

They do have a few booths but I would see this as more a carry out place. It was a bit warm inside and did not make for a pleasant dining experience.

So we ordered the following:

Chicken Potstickers - These are probably a frozen variety but they were good. Chicken inside was moist and flavorful. Hints of ginger and lemongrass.

Chicken wings - Fried to perfection but seriously bland.

Chicken and Broccoli with Lo Mein Noodles - This was actually really good. It was a nice balance of sauce and broccoli and meat. The broccoli still had a nice crunch to it without being too under. I typically don't enjoy lo mein noodles because they are often bland and oily. However, China GO GO uses the thin noodles, which I enjoyed and had flavor to it. My son actually really enjoyed this dish too. 

Pork Bell Bao - The bun was soft and perfect, the pork belly was melt in your mouth soft but this overall was sweet. It needed something to balance it out - maybe some more mustard greens. The mustard greens on it were not the crunchiest and could have been more sour.  Don't get me wrong - it was good, just a bit sweet for me. In the end I am very excited about being able to get bao's in my neighborhood now. I had ordered my bao with a side salad and they ended up serving it with onion rings. I told them it was okay, they didn't have to fix it. We would eat the onion rings. Which were good. But they still fixed it, they brought out my side salad which was very fresh and topped with a nice refreshing dressing. 

They have a nice bao selection and I am anxious to come back and try. While there on our visit they had a picture of Asian shaved ice dessert and we asked if they had that too. They told us no, but that they do plan to have in the next few weeks. If this is true - I will gladly be a regular visitor. 

In the end, it was good eats. Definitely a good solid three. I will be back to try more of the bao's that they offer.

The menu says they deliver. I will eventually take them up on that.
