td-NOo-k4xhfVmO5X92uAg I stumbled across this hole in the wall after eavesdropping on a conversation with my parents' friends and whenever the subject of Asian eats comes up amongst the OG (Old Guard), I'm like the dog Dug in the movie "Up" where I suddenly lose track of my current conversation and think "Squirrel!!!" since I place a great deal of credibility when I hear phrases like "this place reminds me of dishes I grew up with in Taiwan or China."  I was specifically advised to get their hand-pulled noodles so I went with the following:

Spicy wonton appetizer with chili sauce-  I was skeptical since this is a traditional Szechuan dish and while the sauce was up to par in flavor, the wontons themselves were off the mark.  They were like little flat ravioli with a hint of meat and while the pasta portion had a good texture, the ratio of meat to pasta was much too low.  

Lan Zhou Beef Noodle Soup - A popular street food in the northern Chinese province of its namesake, this dish consists of thin hand pulled noodles with sliced beef, mushrooms, several aromatic freshly chopped herbs, and a nice sheen of chili oil with intense notes of garlic and peppercorns.  Unctuous chewy noodle nirvana which is spicy enough to warm you up on a cold rainy day but not overpowering where you lose sensation on the tongue or end up needing to change your shirt from profuse sweating.  

Dao Xiao Mian(aka "Knife cut" noodles)- this dish consists of thick noodles served with a various meats/veggies (I recommend the pork which has a nice layer of crispy fat, along with mushrooms and scrambled egg) to be mixed upon presentation so called because the chef literally takes a long tube of dough and uses a knife to flick the noodles into the boiling pot of water.  Definitely best enjoyed on the premises since there is a tendency for the noodles to clump together over time and it's all about the texture.  If there was a scale for "al dente" from 0-10 where zero is the flaccid noodles soaking in water at your local Sbarro, this would register an 11 (as in 1 louder on Spinal Tap).  If you want to go healthier, can opt for a different choice of meat or request that eggs not be included.

The owner's wife was very sweet and attentive and although I did not get the chance to see the noodles made, I have read in other reviews that he occasionally comes out to do public noodle pullings on request.  Ambience is a little drab with a predominant red hue, but based on the strip mall where it is located, one might as well have the complete hole-in-the-wall decor to keep it a local secret.
