td-NOo-k4xhfVmO5X92uAg I came to Beijing Noodle after I saw decent reviews on Yelp, and my best friend who is newly vegetarian said she really liked it.

I called here on a Sunday night and they didn't answer. I just wanted to make sure they were open before I made the drive.

I arrive with my cousin to a small restaurant with an odd red tinge in their lighting. Oh, yes! They were open, duh.

I am greeted by the most awkward duo of servers. They both ask how many and wasn't seated until the fourth time; no big deal but I start to think of a possible language barrier-WHICH IS AWESOME!

There menu is small, cute, and cheap.

I hate when menus at restaurants are overly huge..

It consists of different types of noodles and also your typical fair of Chinese food.

I particularly wanted noodles! 

There are no descriptions of the dishes except what their title is so good luck.

Also, our server needed help from the owner ( I think he was the owner ) when taking our orders, not a problem.. Just a note.

After our canned sodas..

We start with the pork dumplings in chili oil. I have to say, I was a bit disappointed. The sauce was not spicy. Had it been JUST chili oil, I think the dish would have been more successful. It was just 4.99. Still good.

For my dish I ordered Beijing Noodles in black bean sauce. Since there is no item description, you just have to go by the title. I had no idea what type of other ingredients I'd be getting but the noodles and sauce.

Also, I order sweet and sour pork and Chinese fried rice.

My noodles arrive FAST for a restaurant, but piping hot. 

I look and see meat in the dish and the serving for just over 6 bucks is big and enough to share.

The dish includes noodles, Chinese pickles, horse radish or ginger, and marinated beef chunks. This was really good! You could taste all the single ingredients so each bite was different and tasty depending on what ingredient you got. Also, the noodles are definitely the star of the dish as the other ingredients were cut small.

I won't say much about the sweet and sour pork or fried rice except they were really good and what you'd except from a Chinese restaurant. The Chinese sausage fried rice being exceptionally good with nice sized pieces of the Chinese sausage as opposed to little sprinkles of it. The sweet and sour sauce was definitely home made as it had a more gentle taste than those overly sweet versions of the dish.

For two sodas, our appetizer dumplings, a noodle dish, fried rice, and a chicken entree, or meal was $30.00 even.

It was a really good price for the offering and I'll definitely be going back. 

Just some notes:

The place is big but has very limited seating. Four or five booths line one side of the restaurant with a few tables on the opposing side. I'm sure this place gets busy during peak hours.

Also, we were the only non Chinese group there which is awesome because everyone seemed really happy.

Our waitress and our selves may have had a language barrier, but their service is very sweet/sincere/effective and also genuinely wanted us to enjoy the meal.

Lunch specials I believe range from 6 dollars. This includes entree soup or salad and choice of rice. Definitely going to try for lunch!
