td-NOo-k4xhfVmO5X92uAg Got noodle?  Yes.  Where?  Beijing Noodle Cafe of Las Vegas!

I was recovering from a flu/food-poisoning, and as I was on the mend -- soup, particularly noodle soup, is what this non-medical professional prescribed to self.

Searching online from my hotel room on the strip, Beijing Noodle Cafe rose to the top with it's 4+ star rating and FRESH made noodles.  Next step, muster up energy.

I take the elevator downstairs, and take the long walk thru the lobby of the Luxor.  Hobbling and wobbling, all-the-while not drunk, I finally reach valet to retrieve my car.  Next step, find it.

About a 15 minute drive down Flamingo, east of the strip (only 10 if you're really hungry), I arrive at a not-the-best looking strip mall & parking lot.  I didn't see the sign at first...and began to worry it fell victim to the economy.  Alas, I see it and parked right near.  Next step, get it.

I open the door, and find that I am a VIP today...a private place all to myself, no papparazis, no TMZ, and no bother.  At 315pm, It was a strange time to eat, even for LUNNER (lunch/dinner).  A lovely, sweet lady greeted me, and I found a nice table...with some sun on my back.  The decor was cute but not fancy, with chinese artifacts, artwork, and painted a pretty mint green.  Next step, stop looking at the decor and pick a fricken noodle.

The menu was great!  They serve lunch specials late, and I was able to take advantage of it.  Lanzhou Beef Noodle was the choice (and like Seinfelds' George, I like it spicy), with a side of dumplings.  Next step, intend to order a little too much so I have leftovers.

The noodles are made fresh to order, so it takes a few extra minutes.  This translated is, the soup isn't already made where they take a ladle and dish it out to you.  FRESH noodles are worth the extra 10 minutes.  Next step, Zen-like patience.

The dumplings came out first.  Wow - they were huge and a bit oddly shaped.  Translation: homemade, and not pressed out of a machine.  Forgetting that I've been ill, energy came from somewhere and I furiously dig into dumpling #1.  Holy Potsticker Batman!  Dumpling #2 was even more fricken great!  It's served with homemade chili sauce/oil -- pure heaven.  Next step, stop after eating 2 dumplings or be too full for the soup.

The soup comes out, and it was absolutely FULL with FRESH noodles, and lovely pieces of tender beef.  Wow.  This is a great bowl, and perfectly executed by the chef.  Tasty broth, tender beef, and amazing noodles.  Next step, slow down or splash the window.

I ate all the soup, one more dumpling, and took 2 dumplings 'to go'.  I was full, and full of noodle happiness I was!  Next step, don't eat the 2 remaining dumplings in the car, no matter how good they smell.

CONCLUSION -- Great place, great service, great prices, great small business to support, and 2 great cold dumplings later from my hotel.  That's a lot of great, and greatly deserved!   It's best for locals and those looking for off-strip, hassle-free dining.  Next step, your turn.
