3PsmvwxetLz1Tzb-6mNhgA Christmas came and went and I made bank this year and got $225 in gift cards. For some reason though my family thinks I live at P.F. Chang's cause that is where all the gift cards were for.  I mean I am no going to complain about free food money. So of course I could not resist, so me and my wife went a couple of days after Christmas for lunch.
     First off we have been here before a good number of times. We are far from regulars, but we enjoy ourselves once in a while. Granted it is not super fancy expensive, it still a bit much to go every week on my salary. Getting that gift card is a nice little treat to start the year off.
     We arrived a P.F. Chang's around 2pm on Wednesday, Dec. 28. I would call that a nice lunch time hour and we must have shown up right after the rush, because the parking lot was pretty full, place was packed, and NO WAIT!!! Now there is something very important that you must do when you are greeted by the Host/Hostess; ask if Ja'twann is working. Ja'twann is by far one of the best servers I have ever had. He has been working there for a few years now, since I first went to P.F. Chang's. He is a nationally certified trainer, and an awesome guy. Also for all my fellow comic/video game/movie lovers out there he is the server for you. So if you want some awesome service, a charismatic server, a P.F. Chang super star, and overall nice guy, you need to have Ja'twann be your server. 
     Now since we had all this moolah, we decided on our first free trip we would splurge. Why not??? We started out with 2 appetizers. I am sucker for steamed pork dumplings and my wife loves their fired green beans. Now they always bring out a little dish of sauces which are delicious and spicy. The server, Ja'twann in our case, usually will offer to make you a tasty mixed sauce if you are interested. The apps arrived in a timely manner and were quickly devoured. The dumplings are superb. They are plump nice sized dumplings that are nice little preparation for what is to come. The wife loves the green beans, the batter they use is really good. Appetizers were definitely on a Jet li: Bruce Lee ratio of awesomeness
     For our actual lunch we ate very well. I ordered the ChengDu spiced lamb and my wife ordered the Vegetable double pan-fried noodles. After chatting and killing time with Ja'twann, since no once else really came in after us, our food came.  And boy was is good. The lamb was banging, just awesome. It had just the perfect amount of spice to get that little burn, but had a very nice cool minty undertone to keep it from being scorching. I was totally impressed. I got a good portion of rice. I am never really happy when I get a ton of rice and a little meat. So the portion size for me was perfect. I could not find anything negative on this dish at all. Wifey enjoyed her noodles. Direct quote "Loved them!!!" took our time eating and enjoyed every last bite, well the Mrs. took the rest of hers home. Overall I would put main entree, using the same awesomeness scale, at a Donnie Yen:Bruce Lee.
     Since we wee living it up I had to order the most amazing desert they have, in my opinion. I am proud member of CU, Chocolaholics Unanonymous, so I ordered a slice of  The Great Wall of Chocolate. This thing is a whopping 6 layers of decadent deliciousness. AND it has mini choco chips on the outside icing!!!! So moist and soft and every other amazing thing you think it should be.Needless to say I ate that thing whole and thought my stomach was going to burst. This little morsel receives a shirtless Bruce Lee after smashing a guy in the face with a 5 second WAHHH!!!!! 
       Overall I think P.F. Chang's is a great restaurant. It has a great variety of foods,  with nice options for vegetarians and some choices for those who go gluten free.  Looking for a nice place to go on a date with your special someone, or nice family gathering? Definitely a place to consider. I mean Beyonce's sister ate here with a Carolina Panther, if I remember correctly, so it must be half way distant hehe. Besides, you will always have a good experience, as long as you know who to ask for. 

P.S The few times I have been here I have had some wanna-be good service, this crazy bitch who was very rude, but overall friendly staff.
