3qjztON1RW5Hn6QJLDl8ug To start off this is not my first time coming here. The past SEVERAL years my father's side of the family loves coming here for morning dim sum for Chinese New Year usually on the Sunday. Every year I always had something to complain about the dim sum but it was never so horrible that I can't eat it and I am always able to eat enough to be okay for the next couple hours. 

This year I had THE WORST EXPERIENCE EVER. We arrived early around 11am and waited for them to put a table for us (i didn't remove a star for this) since my aunt never makes reservation. Fine whatever. We split the family in two as always; children one table and grown ups in another. We ordered a bunch of food and waited. 

This is the terrible part, the raddish cake (not sure if this is correct in english) was expired? bad? I can't even begin telling you how horrible it was. The taste was mushy and it tasted like the whole thing was more than a week old. I had the mistake of swallowing one piece since last year it was pretty good and after that piece i couldn't bear to eat another. The sesame ball with lotus filling inside was also expired or bad. The lotus inside had a weird smell and the taste was terrible as well. We had the XO sauce pan fried rice roll which is one of my favourites and sadly this also tasted mushy and not even pan fried. We had a few more dishes and none of the plates were finished on my table. Some poor soul had to take it home with them and feed it to their kids which later they probably threw out since they all got sick. 

On the way home, which was a good thirty mins to an hour I started feeling stomach pains. At first I thought it might have been not eating enough since everything tasted so bad. NO, after I got home a full hour or two later it felt like there were daggers in my stomach. Nothing can describe the pain I was feeling. I tried to take a nap and waited for my boyfriend to come pick me up and broke out in fever. The next day I had to stay home from work because of the stomach pains and diarrhea. I wasn't the only one that got sick, my parents, sister and cousins got sick as well from this. Third day and I'm still feeling horrible but I figured I should start telling people to be AWARE of this place. I don't know about their "dinners" etc but PLEASE AVOID THE DIM SUM IF POSSIBLE.
