TnBUltm7XhmmSv9XjUMTMw I went to Dr. Well's for two visits. (Her being a naturopathic doctor, meaning two pricey visits.) The first time I went, my appointment went well. The office called and asked if I could come early, so I did. She went over all my problems and seemed to know a great deal about what she was talking about, gave me some herbs to take to try to fix them, and set me up with other tests.  She told me I would come back after my test results were in. At that point I figured I would have to make some changes. After a few weeks, the herbs she prescribed seemed to be working, so I was excited about that. 

At the next appointment is where everything seemed to go wrong. After she explained to me what the test results meant, I had all sorts of questions! Ya know, that happens when doctors give you life changing news. I had a question about one of the herbs she wanted me to use, and she did not like that, so she started getting a little short with me. So I switched topics and asked my other questions, when all the sudden she said "I only scheduled you for a short appointment today, I have to drop things off at the post office before it closes".  We didn't talk about how to address my other symptoms at all, I basically asked her one last question as she rushed me out the door, still confused about what was going on, and charged me more money for the short appointment than the pricing they gave me when I called the office originally ($75 for a "30" minute appointment, and I only spent maybe 15 minutes with her).  Now, don't get me wrong, I did feel better after I started taking the herbs she told me to after the first appointment, but I left the second appointment with a horrible taste in my mouth, and will not be going back.  Spending $75 out of pocket, to only speak with the doctor for 15 minutes, and to be treated in such a manner, is absolutely ridiculous. Like I said, I'm not denying her knowledge, she seems to know her stuff, but If you end up deciding to go to her, maybe make sure it's a morning appointment so she doesn't try to shoo you out the door. After spending $500 over two visits, I'd personally try somewhere else.
