tQ9BtMUHFr8rdpmjmayUcA Another create your noodle type of place that doesn't disappoint.

Pros:
Large seating area
More topping options than other places of this style

Cons:
Drinks are not as good

Lucky noodles is another one of those places where you order a bowl of noodles and decide what goes in.  You choose the broth, type of noodles, toppings and some optional stuff should you want it or not.  My GF tells me this place used to be an all you can eat sushi place.

Being an all you can eat sushi place form before, they have tons of seating here.  If you look at the entrance from the outside of the plaza this place is located, you would never think this place was big at all.  With plentiful seating and fast turnover, you won't ever have to wait too long for a seat here.

Basically, if you've been to Deer Garden, Chef Papa etc. you will know the drill here too.  The one thing I noticed here is that they offer some more toppings that the other places don't offer.  They offer 40 different toppings to choose from.  The other places have about 25. My little one loved that fact that they have corn here.  

I always get the Chao Chou dried fish and minced pork broth when it comes to create your noodle.  The broth here was very good.  It would rank 2nd best behind the Deer Garden at Silverstar.  Overall, it was a very good bowl of noodles.  

My only gripe here is the drinks that can come with your bowl of noodles.  Again, they use the same style as other places.  They will place cold drinks in a bubble tea style to go plastic cup that's sealed.  The problem is they don't use the straws you're supposed to use with this cup.  They used a cheap plastic straw that they cut one end at an angle.  This flimsy straw has no chance to pierce the seal of the drink.  We had to use something else sharper to pierce the seal first. Contamination becomes a factor here.  The drinks themselves weren't as good as other places either which didn't help.

Factoring out the drinks, this place is a very good one to get a bowl of noodles at.  I defeinitly will be back, though I might skip ordering a drink this time unless I bring my own straws, lol.
