trKyIRyjKqVSZmcU0AnICQ Pros:
Very well done dishes
Friendly service

Cons:
Parking can tough to find

If seafood is your thing, Pearl Diver should be on your list of places to try.  We came for brunch and if it's any indication on what dinner might be like here, you're in for a treat!

As I said, we came for a brunch on a Saturday morning.  I made a reservation just in case because I've been told it's a must for this place.  Reservations can be made online through their website and it's super easy to do.  Coming in, we were seated at one of the 4 large booths they have here.  There are several smaller tables on the other side of the restaurant.  Overall, there's a good amount of seats here, but reservations should always be made if coming for dinner.

Brunch here is pretty simple.  You've got your regular breakfast items as well as some popular items from their lunch/dinner menus.  They have 5 bennys which are the main attraction for brunch here if you ask me.  Some sides finish off the menu. The oyster menu is also available throughout the day.  It's not a lot of choice for brunch, but what they do, they do extremely well.  My GF got the lobster benny and I ordered the clam chowder with a side of home fries.  They also had a special of 12 oysters for $18.  A deal that good had to be had as well.

The oysters came out first.  I'm no oyster connoisseur at all, but they were pretty darn good.  My GF enjoys oysters way more than me and she was overall impressed.  My only tiny gripe was some of the oysters were a litlle on the smaller side.  For the price though, you really can't complain too much.

The clam chowder here is one of the best I've ever had.  One thing I have to say here is the portions when it comes to the seafood here are amazing.  There were tons of clam bits with a lot of other seafood items in the chowder.  Like I said earlier, the bennys here are the main attraction for brunch.  There were nice chunks of lobster on the bennys.  They did not skimp at all on that part.  The hollandaise sauce had a nice touch of acidity to balance the flavour throughout.  

Service was excellent throughout our experience here.  The waitress was super nice and patient with us. Parking around this place can be a crap shoot.  They don't have their on lot so your completely reliant on street or Green P parking.  

Overall, I really liked this place. I'm not the biggest oyster fan yet I still found a ton of reasons to enjoy this place.  If your a fan of seafood and oysters, give this place a try!
