trKyIRyjKqVSZmcU0AnICQ Definitely a nice gem! I found out about this restaurant through BlogTO and with deals like $30 Seafood circus on Tuesdays and $100 for 100 oysters on Wednesdays, why not try this place!! 

The four of us came here on a Friday evening. Reservations were super easy through their online booking system. Our two other guests were seated right away in nice seats. The decor of the place is definitely rustic but a cozy restaurant to just hang out with your friends, drink and chill. We noted there was a daily deal past 10pm for $15 for a dozen oysters and $5 cocktails/drink specials. So we ordered small so we can save room for the oysters. 

Drinks: Caesar, West Avenue Cider draft and a season guest tap (Great Lakes Brewery Citraddiction). Our waiter had an extensive knowledge of the drinks menu and was able to easily recommend us drinks. Apparently the Caesar was heavy on the alcohol, which was actually quite odd since a lot of restaurant like to water down cocktails. We had the Great Lakes Brewery Citraddiction. Suffice it to say, we found our new beer! Light, not too hoppy and lots of citrus flavour. A nice smooth finish as well. We will definitely be hunting this one down at LCBO. 

Apps: Summer Chowder ($14), Crispy Calamari ($9). The summer chowder was disappointing for me. The tomato soup was fine, the other elements such as the clams, potatoes, bacon was alright but their 'daily catch' fish was dry. The flavours were one-note and underseasoned. Also, expected a bit of a thicker soup since chowder is known for its creaminess and thickness. The calamari was good but a few things to note. We all noted how 'skinny' the calamari was. Being an Asian crowd who has had their share of calamari, it was a small portion and each calamari piece was pretty skinny. We all liked the sesame seed and panko crust. Not overly battered and very crispy. The calamari was cooked well, not too rubbery. I really liked the sauce that came with it. It was like those typical Asian sweet and sour sauces but with a nice kick! I could taste the chilis in each bite, which elevated this standard sauce. 

Mains: Mussels and frites ($18, 2 orders). The mussels came out alright, nothing too special. The broth was touted to be coconut cream, ginger, lemongrass and cilantro. The broth paired well with the mussels however, I felt the broth should've been a lot thicker and creamier. To even get some of the broth, you'd have to scoop up the broth in the mussel shell, which is a bit awkward. Otherwise, the flavours of the broth were spot on. The freshness of the lemongrass and cilantro, sharpness of the ginger and creaminess of the coconut broth makes a nice broth. 

Finally we ordered the oyster special ($15 for dozen). We were presented with the Malpeque PEI oysters. A bit smaller than the Fanny Bay oysters they were going to give us originally, but a bit sweeter. I thought the oysters were shucked beautifully, and the oysters were so fresh and tasted of the ocean! I personally love oysters and love Diana's Seafood but this place is a close 2nd! I'd definitley come by for the $100 for 100 oysters deal! Another caveat, the oysters took 30 min to arrive from order. Perhaps they were backed up by all the other orders, but it did take a while. Luckily we had good conversation to pass the time. 

Service was awesome. Our waiter and server were friendly and knowledgeable. They didn't hesitate when we asked for more plates for sharing. A nice gem in the city for sure!
