TtBNeqXSRh37VD-pW_VbAw After my coma-inducing hot yoga class last night, I needed something to replenish my electrolytes.  I was also feeling like a 10 lb. weight was attached to my forehead every time I bent over to do downward dog, which signaled that my sinuses were acting up.  What better way to nurse a potential cold then with a bowl of something warm?

After doing a quick search on my handy Yelp app, I found South China Noodles Delight.  It tucked away in a plaza on Midland that has been around since antiquity.  If it weren't for Yelp I wouldn't have even known that there would be good food lurking around in this plaza.  All the food eateries are right at the corner of Midland & Finch and they probably get the bulk diners piling in.

The restaurant itself is quite small, with a maximum capacity of about 20-25 people.  It is a family-run place that apparently has been around for quite a long time.  Their menu is not extensive with a short list of appetizers, beverages, and noodles (wet or dry). Seeing as I was bloated to the nines from water retention due to a sodium overdose at dim sum on Sunday, I decided to not get a soup noodle which no doubt would be laced in sodium.  I ordered the Dry Oxtail Noodle which basically means its made with a sauce versus soup. The oxtail was amazingly tender and bursting with flavour.  The five spice and cloves were aromatic as soon as the dish reached the table.  Make sure you mix the noodles from the bottom up as the sauce sits all at the bottom.  If you don't mix it, then you may end up with a gradient of bland to extremely salty noodles towards the end.  There were also bits of pickled greens in the dish which made for an interesting surprise for the taste buds.

I also got a cup of Hot Soy Milk and it was quite good.  I have never had a good experience with warm soy beverages as I feel that the soy flavour is too dominant sometimes and makes the drink sour?  Otherwise, it gives you a sugar overload.  This one was just the right amount of sweet and the soy flavour was subtle as opposed to in your face.

The decor here makes me think that pandas are going to pop up at any minute as the furniture is made of bamboo and wood.  This is probably supposed to emulate Guilin, with its famed scenery of forests, mountains and waterfalls for which the Chinese name of South China Noodles Delight is named.

Verdict:

All in all, the meal cost a little over $10  ($7.50 for a large noodle).  I am absolutely enamoured by the oxtail, which is bursting with intense flavour.  In fact, I wish the ratio of oxtail to noodles was biased towards more oxtail as it drowned in the river of noodles.

The only negatives about this place are that it reeks heavily of bleach (at least you know the place is clean?) and that they close at 9PM.
