tVVZcFFt3ZlWVE7nptN3EQ Just finished a worst of the worst experience with Hot Wok Mr Cook.  We rate the food a solid 2 out of 10 and service a fat zero.

We called in and ordered the pork egg foo young combo, chicken chow mein combo and an order of sweet and sour chicken.  I specifically did NOT want chicken lo mein and the non-English speaking person on the phone was queried several times to ensure order was chicken CHOW mein.  After ordering process made lengthy and diffic.ult due to lack of English proficiency, we were told meals would be delivered within an hour.  After more than 90 minutes passed we repeatedly called for five minutes with two phones until someone answered.  We were given excuse that it was Friday and assured food should arrive soon, which it did.

Unfortunately the meals were not as ordered.  The gravy for the egg foo young was forgotten, and we were delivered - SURPRISE - chicken lo mein.  In addition to messing up two of three meals ordered, the quality and taste were extremely lacking.  This is bottom of the barrel Chinese folks - yucko.  The no gravy egg foo young tasted best, while the fried rice was bland and just 95% rice colored with soy.  The sweet and sour chicken was soggy, not crisp - and the sauce of the fake variety bought in large cans at grocery co-ops.  I managed to choke down half the chicken lo mein, which consisted of noodles and upon close examination a few small bits of what may have been chicken and vegetables.  More of our dinner went in the trash than in the mouth.

Upon discovery of the errors, we had again called back.  Management shrugged their shoulders over the mistakes and told us they would offer some kind of discount the next time we ordered.  We gladly informed Hot Wok that due to mistakes in 2 of 3 meals and very poor quality of food we had no desire to ever try their "food" again.

Stay away everyone - this is seriously lowball bottom of the barrel "Chinese" (a stretch of the word).  Much better abounds all around - visit Hot Wok and you'll be sorry!!
