TWkL-VHo6P-WwL8iTvqlYQ Um. . .No.  

Honestly, I'm in a major snit about this place.  I expected something a LOT better than what we found here.  Things seemed pretty good to start--food looked tasty.  Didn't take long for problems to begin showing up:  

First off, my wife's lo-mein was pretty darned lo.  The first time she went here several days ago, they used the normal wide noodle that you would usually find in lo-mein.  This time, they used round noodles.  Were they Chinese chow mein noodles?  No, they were vermicelli.  Yes, I'm being a bit picky there, but I'm just getting started.  My wife ordered the lo-mein with no garlic, onions, or shallots.  The problem was, they left out most of the other vegetables as well when the bowl came to the table.  There was the occasional carrot or broccoli sliver, but very few veggies at all.  I called the waiter over to the table and informed him of the situation.  My wife told him that she just wanted to get a bowl of extra veggies to add to the lo-mein.  He took away the lo-mein that she had and said that he would be back shortly.  When he returned, he came back with two bowls--one had the vegetables she asked for, and the other was a brand new bowl of lo-mein with tofu and noodles ONLY.  Uh, what the f*ck?  Why replace the noodles she had with this and then send in a separate bowl of veggies?  Why not either give my wife back her old bowl along with the veggies or just mix up a whole new batch with the veggies?  

Major issues here--even what she got after all that wasn't very good tasting.  My wife had to add soy sauce for extra flavor, and the vegetables weren't fresh--they obviously tasted like they were frozen before they were put into the wok.

My food wasn't much better in terms of quality.  I had the vegetable and tofu fried rice.  There was no issue with the quantity of veggies, but they too were of the "from your grocer's freezer" variety.  The rice was chalky and undercooked, and I also had to add soy sauce--it didn't do much to improve the flavor.

Our spring rolls were also inferior, and even the fortunes in the fortune cookies were as superficial and vapid as the food we ate.  I liked the friendly table service, and the soda machine that allowed you to flavor the soft drinks any way you like was cool.  This is what made this review two stars instead of one.  But, would I recommend Pei Wei to anyone?  No wei.  If you want a REAL Asian diner, go to Tott's Asian Diner at Ray and McClintock.  Now THAT'S fresh food, and a world of difference over Pei Wei.  Even Panda Express is better than this place.
