tyCIs0pyyw36apAXdR26WQ Note: Mark Pi's China Gate (or is it the other way around?) is housed inside the Mt. Lebanon mall known as The Galleria in the Mezzanine section directly above Dragonfire, a new Japanese restaurant. 

With all apologies to Joe D. whose referral led us here, I was not as taken by China Gate as he was. Sparsely decorated, the open, albeit tasteful dining room somewhat reflected the unimaginative menu; there wasn't much that captured my attention. The bill of fare was so boring to me, I had trouble deciding on my entree. Eventually, I settled for the Mandarin Duck. 

Made up of battered duck pieces and stir-fried in a "brown sauce," it was accompanied by the usual litany of vegetables, and while it was edible and served in a hefty portion, I felt that I tasted more of the batter than I did of the proteins. It left me wanting.

Kay's Sesame Shrimp seemed to be better appointed as it was sweet, not overly battered, and carried fat portions of shellfish within each encased bite. Chunks of pineapple further accentuated the dish's sugary, sticky raison d'être. 

Our appetizer in the steamed dumplings (our arbitrary Chinese starter) turned out to be a small victory as they were pleasantly doughy and adequately -- if not generously -- stuffed with dark and darkly savory ground pork. 

Dessert came to us in the shape of Almond Puffs, and like the dumplings, they too were only a minor success. Never having had them before, they recalled Mexico's sopapillas or Italy's zeppole with their deep-fried golden color and powdered sugar. Inside each of these "doughnuts" was a sort of almond paste that nearly burned my mouth. My brush with thermal oral injury notwithstanding, I don't know if I'd order them elsewhere, their palatability  being too timid for my sweet tooth to dance with.

Our meal started with a whimper, began with a whimper, and aside from Kay's dish, didn't make much of a fuss around the middle either. 

China Gate sure is a hit with the Mt. Lebanese, however. As an elderly man and fellow diner I struck up a conversation with remarked, "I've never seen this place so busy!" Kay and I even had difficulty finding a parking spot! Little Tokyo, also in Mt. Lebanon, is identically bustling. Hmmmph.

P.S. Is Mark Pi's China Gate a chain? Kay claims she went to one in Ohio once. 

http://www.markpi.com

P.P.S. The service was patchy. Our waitress, while nice enough, kept forgetting about us and even admitted several times that she was having an "off night." Out came the calculator application on my cell phone to determine a standard 15% tip in lieu of my usual 20%. Actually, I think I gave her a little more than 15%. Blame it on my Dumbo heart
