tz30FR-yQi-jNHPb7B-gBw We decided on PF Changs based mostly on it's FANTASTIC gluten free menu. Before we my recent discovery, we would only go to this restaurant only at last resort. Our family is not really into the Americanized chain restaurant concept and wait a hour for semi par food. Tonight we had a 7:30 reservation and arrived a couple minutes earlier, as we walked into the door towards the hostess counter we were instantly handed a beeper. Annoying. After twenty minutes after our reservation we were seated. We luckily had a fabulous server who was truly busting his butt. (They were definitely understaffed on a Saturday night) 

I ordered the gluten free lettuce wraps (ahh... I will admit they do have the best lettuce wraps!) and some gluten free citrus chicken. My place I was served with was a tad dirty but they sincerely apologized and retrieved me a new plate. (I'll forgive them this time!) I thought it was extremely thoughtful that they had such an extensive menu and even had gluten free soy sauce! (No San J this trip!) So the lettuce wraps came out smoothly and then our meals came... uh well most of them. They had seemed to have forgotten my meal. (which was not the end of the world, just a tad frustrating) About ten minutes later and when the rest of my family's meals mostly gone, my chicken dish had arrived. It was pretty decent, I must say I enjoy the gluten free chicken dishes better than the fried greasy mess that they sometimes serve you. 

We were later shown the "shot glass" deserts and the small gluten free desert but they really did look unappealing. Oh well, Yogurt Builders we go! :)

Overall really just a so-so meal but I really do love that they have a great gluten free menu in such a large chain restaurant. Sometimes when you are at an unknown local something recognized is always great especially when you are certain what you will eat will not make you sick. I probably will go back based on that but I will ALWAYS make a reservation! There was a party sitting next to us when we were waiting that were still there after our meal, I mean is it really worth it?
