tZEW8ESjrVmNGXvPnrR97w YELP 365 CHALLENGE 2014-(70/365) "Sounds Like a Massage Parlor"

There's always something new popping up in Chinatown, and Hot Feel is part of the newest crop, located in the same strip mall as Kinh Do, waaaay in the back, surrounded by foot spas and massage parlors. Similar to Hot & Juicy/Boiling Crab format, they offer assorted seafood by the piece or pound, with sauces of different heat levels according to the amount of heat you can handle served in heavy duty pots instead of plastic bags as well as various appetizers, fried items, skewers, and hot pots.

Prior to demolition time, you are given two pieces of paper as your placemats with a pair of annoying gloves that don't even "fit like a glove" and be sure to ask for wet naps which are up at the register(found that out after our meal) cause its gonna get messy.

Our party of four decided to share the Lamb Skewers, Shrimp Skewers, Chicken Wings, Rock Crab, and Garlic Shrimp. The Rock Crab was sweet with a nice lemony accent, the Shrimp Skewers(head on, shell on) were okay, and while the wings were  hot, crisp, and juicy, I would've liked to see a Hot Feel twist to it, rather than just a cup of ranch, especially in an Asian restaurant. The standouts were the Garlic Shrimp(head on, shell on) which was packed with tons of flavor with the right amount of heat(we asked for mild). The Lamb Skewers were also soft and flavorful. If you come here, this is one of the items to try.

Right now, they are running a VIP Card special for $20(no expiration date) which allows you 10% off your dining bill with future visits, and BOGO specials(This night, it was BOGO Crab, and if you post any food pic on Facebook(NOT Yelp or Instagram)
you can win a drawing for jewelry up front as well as gift certificates towards future visits. Come in for a taste and see how it stacks up to the other favorites in town.  ALOHA!!!

Shaka Meter:  \uuu/  \uuu/ \uuu/  \uu  3.5

*Although the VIP card sound tempting, get a taste of their selections first to see if you see yourself becoming a repeat customer...
