3SozmlI5K7xapJBE41Ah1g I never ever leave reviews for restaurants unless it's either absolutely terrible or mind-blowingly amazing. Fortunately, in this case, it's the latter. Wild Ginger is a local Asian fusion restaurant that I heard recently opened up. They were offering a 10% discount for members of Team Mystic in the new popular game, Pokemon Go. So, I set along the dusty path with average expectations that usually came with local Asian restaurants looking to just fill my stomach while playing my new favorite game. 

This place blew my expectations out of the water like a gyrados landing in a swimming pool from 40 feet in the air. Walking in, I immediately loved the atmosphere. It's super clean and has a very modern feel while letting you know you're still in an Asian restaurant. It's a fusion, if you will, of traditional and modern. The music wasn't the stereotypical foreign strings of other Asian restaurants, so I felt welcomed despite my stigma of these restaurants only welcoming older folk. 

My server, Sammy, was excellent, of course. I was greeted with a warm smile and quick service. I ordered the crab raccoons (I mean crab rangoons) and it was pretty darn good. My favorite dish, however, was the Wild Ginger Chicken. I usually am dissatisfied with the lack of spiciness when dishes are advertised to be spicy. The thing is, here, if there's a chili pepper icon next to it on the menu, the food here is actually spicy! It's great; there was just so much flavor. The owner came out and greeted a lonely 20-year-old boy (me) and it made me feel at home. Finally, since I saved room for dessert, I decided to order the Homemade Ginger Ice Cream. I got what was advertised, the ice cream was ginger flavored, and shockingly, it was freaking amazing! It was topped with sesame brittle which fit in perfectly with the flavor profile and seriously made the dish beautiful. You read that right, a millenial actually looked up from his phone and appreciated beauty. 

TL;DR If you ever have any doubts as to whether or not you want to try this place, just do it. This place has only just opened up but the service it's producing is already phenomenal. I just know this restaurant is going to have a bright future!
