U9aA5H13y7t9xWnoQslV0Q Based on food alone this place would fail in a minute if located in Cali, east bay, or any highly populated asian community.  With that said this is vegas hence the 2 stars.    

Food-
food portions are small (to be expected).  This place its value orientated for asians in vegas.  
Beef Noodle Soup-Not impressed; nothing special; somewhat cold when delivered
Szechuan noodles and pork!-Not impressed;not spicy enough;nothing unique
War Wonton Noodle Soup-HORRIBLE; no flavor, bad noodles, no flavor in dumplings. 
Green Onion Pancake-HORRIBLE-your better off finding your favorite frozen brand.  Came out cold and no flavor
chow fun-u can smell the wok heat, but still just ok

-=the best of the night=-
Xiao Long Bao, Soup Dumplings-good flavor.  individual bao vary on attention of detail.  Sauce occasioned was spot on

either had  Seafood and Egg White Fried Rice or Fu Zhou Fried Rice, Gravy style
Shrimp, Scallop, Mushrooms,Asparagus, Eggs-nice flavor.  nice and oily, but delish.   

The good-
Line/wait-fairly short both times under 1hour about 45 minutes.  arrived before lunch/dinner rush.

Ok-
For those deprived of good authentic Chinese sure eat your heart out.  My auntie from HI thought it was good.  For those that know you got it good pass this spot up  

Bad-
Service-The same unattentive service you expect expect in chinatown.  Waiters need training and more discipline.  It does not look good to stand around playing on your phone or speaking overly loud where customers can hear your conversations.  

Hostesses-not very host like these girls need replacing.  Do some work other than just standing up front and then ducking in the back

I came here for the hand made noodles and thus put in an order and informed only after I ordered that there were none available.  I then asked the waiter to inform me when the chef was making more so we could put in an order.  NOPE had to spot the chef making more and flag down our waiter to order.  Sure, hand tossed tasted better than store bought, but not at the price.
