UC2dfjZg8mrRh10maovQfw I realllly wanted to like this place based on the reviews that I've read, but unfortunately the quality of food I received along and the price tag was too disproportionate for me to give this place an A-OK rating. Price wise I would say they are trying to get at the level of Skyview, Dragonboat and Spring Villa which is obviously higher end. They also had a lot of over the top dishes like Shark Fin Siu Mai to "justify" this slightly higher pricing. However the aforementioned Siu Mai was dry and tasteless with 2 slivers of shark fin. I personally am anti-shark fin so that's fine BUT I do get the feeling that a normally s/m dish is now being charged as an L dish for two slivers of shark fin. 

Second example of disappointment was the big bun (Dai Bao). It had obvious signs of being re-steamed (the dough was mushy at certain parts) and was definitely not fresh and nor did it taste like it was. We didn't come here too late in the day so the re-steaming can't easily be justified.

Final disappointment was the durian puff pastry that I was reaaaallly looking forward to since I'm a huge durian fan. The pastry was neither buttery nor flaky. In fact it was powdery and tasted like flour. The durian filling also tasted like it was mixed with a disproportionate amount of flour which is especially disappointing when it is being sold as an L dim sum meaning that it's one of the more $$ dishes. That's some pricey flour I got there. 

(Note the 3 examples were not the ONLY disappointments but the most memorable ones) 

The only reason to justify a return to this is for the early bird special. Since there are more L, XL, and SP dishes than there are S/M dishes it will turn out to be more worthwhile during early bird b/c the feeling of being ripped off will be lessened. Otherwise I will not recommend this place aside from good decor and mediocre service. There are better high end dim sum places out there with food that actually warrants the price tag. They do have an interesting menu, I only wish that they were able to execute properly.
