UDE4VL0k8Zrko7RkJ4agGQ I was going to give this place two stars but I had to increase my rating to three stars. I gave this place a three star rating because they deliver and their quick. I was desperate for Thai and called at least 9 other places for delivery. Just my luck, none of them delivered to my area. Unfortunately, the restaurants I called prior to calling Little Dumpling are all the four star rated ones. Once I got my first "yes, I deliver to your home." I decided to give Little Dumplings a shot. They told me the delivery would take 40 minutes the delivery guy came ringing my door bell in 30. I ordered yellow thai curry, boba tea, and the dumplings. 

First I had the yellow thai curry. It was savory and just the right kind of spicy. I didn't tear up or have major difficulties eating this dish. I personally don't like that kind of spicy. At the same time I wasn't left wondering why my dish wasn't hot enough. If I could change one thing it would be the packaging. The sauce was dripping out of the box that they packed it in. They put the curry and the rice in one Styrofoam box. It would've been better if they put the curry in the same type of container that they put their soup in. 

Next I had the boba tea. I had it for the first time and only ordered it because of a review I read on here. It isn't really my preferred taste but it wasn't disgusting. They gave me a large boba tea instead of small one for the same price. 

So finally let's move on to the dumplings. I saved the worst for last. Honestly, the dumplings sucked. Ironically this place is called Little Dumpling so I would only imagine their dumplings being their best dish. Wrong, they had a burnt taste to them and I gagged after eating it. I don't really have anything else to say about the dumplings cause I took a bite out of one and contemplated throwing them all out. I may have gotten a bad batch. It may be cause my stomach is sensitive right now. So I wouldn't call this a deal breaker

All in all, I am a fan of the customer service, delivery time, price, and the yellow curry. The dumplings surely do need work though. I will give this place another shot in the future. Little Dumpling is definitely worth a try if you're looking to get a quick bite... just stay away from the dumplings or order them at your own risk.
