UDE4VL0k8Zrko7RkJ4agGQ When it comes to fresh quality Thai food, this hole in the wall restaurant definitely makes the cut.

To start off, walking in the first thing I noticed was how tiny it was. There's enough space to seat 22 people. Doesn't pose a negative affect on the experience, but to some people during busy times it can feel a little crowded. The decor isn't all that appealing but again, this isn't some mainstream restaurant. While I waited to order drinks, I read some other reviews and most people complained about a cigarette-like smell; have never had that experience in all my times there. The staff is very friendly and after going in a couple times they have gotten to know me and greet with a cheerful smile and "Welcome back!"

My first visit I decided to try the red curry with shrimp. I am a huge fan of red curry so I was ready to put theirs to the test and I can tell you they definitely exceeded the expectations I had for a tiny place like this. Most places are somewhat stingy when it comes to picking a meat other than chicken and they loaded it with plenty of shrimp. I also really enjoy chicken pad thai and after experiencing these two dishes I was in love with this place. Their pad thai noodles didn't have that "just microwaved" shiny look some other places have and feature a perfect blend of peanut taste. Grand China is an absolute disaster compared to this place. 

The other day I tried out their lunch special for the first time and for $5.95 the portions are extremely generous. They are about as big as if you went in for dinner, plus you get the choice of egg drop soup or sweet and sour soup along with an egg roll. This time I went with the orange chicken and it was awesome. The chicken wasn't too crispy or too soft and the flavor was on point. I have been craving it ever since. If you enjoy boba tea this is a good place to get some as well.

All in all, this place is a must try. The prices are cheap, the portions are big and the flavor and quality is above the rest in this price range. They deliver too so that's a huge plus. Try it out, you won't be disappointed!!
