uFTcyheegHAdRobLf_4Siw Fortune favors the bold - and I bump this place up one star for the novelty value.

I am an American Southerner. We have little to nothing that resembles this where I live. So it was very bewildering for us to visit a place with nothing but Asian Canadians speaking Mandarin.

Even so, it was no problem - the wait staff promptly sat us and brought our menus (in English). I have had more types of Asian food than most people in my home region (Americanized-Chinese, Japanese, Vietnamese, Thai, Korean) but this sort of native noodle shop was a new experience.

Our orders were actually mixed up. Forgive me if I get any of the nomenclature wrong, but I ordered the standard noodle with beef while my co-adventurer ordered a shorter noodle (wide?) with bbq pork. The meats came with the wrong noodles from what I can, but we just switched bowls, no biggie.

I really preferred the taste of the short, fat noodle over the longer standard noodles. I did not like the bbq pork, but the beef was pretty good. For some reasons the cut of meat restaurants like this favor are never what I consider the "choiciest" bits, but that could be a cultural difference. The flavor was still very good. Frankly the whole thing reminded my of Pho, but I'm sure y'all who eat this stuff all the time could point out myriad differences.

We drank the delicious cucumber water which each table is given in a see-through plastic carafe. We also order some leek cakes as a little side dish, which came piping hot and were a novel, but good taste.

Prices were very reasonable. It was one of the cheapest and most filling meals we had in the country. Could NOT finish all those noodles. Also, wish I would have brushed up on my chopsticks skills - I made a go of it for a while but it's harder to use them on noodles than on sushi when you grew up using a fork.

One of the major pluses of this noodle shop over all the similar joints in Markham is that is NEVER CLOSES. That was dang handy for the night we returned from a drive to Niagara Falls so late the rest of Ontario was already shuttered for the night.

Bottom-line: This review, obviously, is intended more for novices than for those of you who grew up eating this stuff. Obviously I can't tell you anything about it you don't already know. But for anyone out there who might be like me, don't be scared off by the strangeness of it, the food is worth checking out and it's really an experience in and of itself if you're a first-timer. Check out Magic Noodle!
