ui4fyPJ_HRm4HPkEmIHQOA I have been here twice. Both times I took my son out for lunch. The first time, we missed the lunch buffet and ordered off the menu. The meal was decent, but I can't speak about it in detail. I just can't remember since it was a while back.

The second time, recently, we made the lunch buffet. I was surprised at the price. It was very affordable, although like most buffets, you'll get overcharged for the drinks. We were late into the buffet, like 1:45 into a 11:00 start, and the buffet cuts off at 2:30. Still, the food was fresh. I went to a different buffet in the same area once, and got won ton mush, since they had been soaking in the broth for hours.

Not the case here. I did not have anything that could be considered bad or overcooked. I will admit that the fried won tons were a little lacking, but everything else was very good. There were a few dishes that stood out, most notably the black pepper chicken. The seasoning is just outstanding and and it is a memorable dish.

I am picky about my fried rice, since I make it at home from time to time. I cook the parts in small batches and combine them at the very end to give my dish a great profile. The fried rice here was very good and seemed well complemented to every main dish.

This is not an easy task. White rice is the standard since you can spoon any main dish over it while a good fried rice is usually considered a stand alone dish. I judge my fried rice not by just the simple dish, but by how well it mixes with other sauces. In this case, the flavor didn't overpower the additions, and the various sauces didn't fight the fried rice. Everything I mixed with it gave me a new experience.

I am curious enough about the place to go back at the start of the buffet to see if the food is different when it first comes out of the kitchen. I liked that they didn't make a huge amount of a certain dish when the tray was running low. They made a smaller amount, enough for 6 or 7 servings, and I think that helped maintain the freshness of the entire buffet.

My main criticism would be labeling. The signs behind the dishes, identifying the dishes have seen better days. Also, in some cases there are 2 different signs over the same dish. I've seen this before, since there is often a change in the dishes from the lunch buffet to the dinner one.

I'd recommend this place to anyone. Since it sits at the end of a strip mall, there is plenty of parking. I usually don't speak to decor, unless it is really good or very bad. You have tables? Great. You have chairs? Good. Clean silverware? Fabulous. Other than that, I'm not really caring about if you chose a carp or a peacock to hang on your wall.

Is the food good? Yes. Is the service good? Not stellar, but good enough for a buffet. Is it affordable? Yes. That is all the review I can give you. That is all the review I think you need.
