ujBk7cdEvo5FkD1e0Gzq1Q Our family has ordered lots of party trays from Dragon Wok for many of our get-togethers.  After last week, however, we will never order from Dragon Wok again.  

We ordered a party tray of Orange Chicken and a party tray of Crab Rangoon.  Simple, right?  NOT.  When the order was delivered at our house, the receipt had the correct order printed on it.  When we got the food inside, however, the tray of Crab Rangoon turned out to be a tray of Pot Stickers.  At the time, I thought it wasn't a huge deal, but I wanted Dragon Wok to correct their mistake.  I called immediately - within 2 minutes of it being delivered.  Here's where it gets bad.....

The woman I spoke to, Carol, insisted that I eat the Pot Stickers in place of the Crab Rangoon and they would give me a $3.00 credit (the difference in price between the two).  Although this might seem reasonable, I had many teenagers at my house who were expecting the Crab Rangoon.  I thought - it was your mistake, Dragon Wok - you should fix it.  I told Carol that we would prefer to have the Crab Rangoon delivered.  

After MUCH prodding, she agreed, but then insisted that they would have to pick the Pot Stickers up and take them back.  I was confused - I had already opened the container and picked one up - surely they weren't going to sell them again!!  Carol insisted that they needed the Pot Stickers back to make sure I wasn't being dishonest.  (I should've stopped the conversation right there - did Dragon Wok just call me dishonest?!?!)  I told her that the driver could come in and see the Pot Stickers when he brought the Crab Rangoon, but they had already been contaminated.  In fact, my 5 year old niece, not knowing any better - had already eaten two!  I figured, it was their mistake, they should fix it no matter what, right?!?  WRONG!  

The driver arrived with a tray of Crab Rangoon, but would not come in and see the Pot Stickers.  He got Carol on the phone and she proceeded to yell at me about returning the Pot Stickers, "Or else."  I tried to calmly explain to her that the driver could see them so she would know I wasn't being dishonest, but that a few hungry kids had already eaten them.  She wasn't going to serve them to anyone else, and it was their mistake in the first place!  She yelled that she would charge my credit card for the Crab Rangoon as well.  I told her that it would be fraud if she charged my credit card without my permission.  She then yelled that she would call the police.  WHAT?  Over Pot Stickers? 

 Again, at this point, I should've kindly said, "Have a good day," and hung up.  It was important to me to eventually end up on the same page as this woman, however, so I stayed on the phone.  She called me a "liar," told me that I was "stealing" from Dragon Wok, and then - here's the KICKER - told me that she was going to "lose my job over this and it will be on your conscience."  I said to her, "EXCUSE me??  Why would you lose your job?  Carol - if you want me to speak to your boss to let them know it was a simple mistake, I will.  There is no need to make this into a bigger deal than it is."  

*I was willing to speak to her boss and vouch for her!!*  

After she was causing SUCH a ruckus!  She again called me a "liar" and then muttered, "I can't, I can't, I can't..." and hung up on me.  HUNG UP ON ME!  

The driver didn't speak English very well, so the poor guy was really confused about what was going on.  (And rightfully so - Carol from Dragon Wok was being ridiculous.)  He took the phone back and left.  So far, I haven't noticed an additional charge on my credit card. 

I COULD NOT BELIEVE HOW UNPROFESSIONAL, RUDE, AND MEAN DRAGON WOK WAS!  

If you ever order from them, you better hope they get your order right - because they won't fix it!  And, if they do - they might call you a liar.  

GEEZ!  What happened to customer SERVICE?!?  Fixing mistakes?  
I will NEVER eat here again.
