uLUl_dMl6a9m774LGReDVA I followed the lead of Yelpers who reviewed Golden Wok as having some of the best chinese food in the valley.  I thought to myself:  How could you have missed this place with great food when I don't live that far from it?  
Well, I shall start by forgiving my fellow Yelpers who think this is great chinese food.  You are forgiven, my brethren.  
As a former East Coaster who has had the taste of REAL chinese food, I have to break it to you.....THIS IS NOT IT.  
The egg drop soup was tasteless which means that a good broth was not developed to create a good soup.  With any good soup,  the base is what makes it.  Plus it was too clumpy from the cornstarch.  
The combination dinner which consisted of orange chicken, an egg roll and "fried" rice was a total disappointment.  Orange chicken was nothing more than dough around pieces of chicken with no orange flavor.  They put a few pieces of orange rind as a costume for the chicken.  But even on Halloween night,  this plain-old chicken knows it is not orange chicken.     The egg roll, while not greasy, had little flavor and the veggies inside had no crunch.  The frozen egg rolls I buy from Chung Kung are tastier---really.  The "fried" rice.... anyone notice that I put quotation marks around the word fried???? All you English majors probably noticed it.   This cannot be called fried rice.  They took a large batch of cooked, white rice, sautéed it with soy sauce and put it in a holding tank waiting for some sucker to order their combination dinner which comes with "fried" rice.  Then, they scoop out a half a cup of the stuff and fling it on the plate along with the other mediocre part of the combo.  Does this sound a little harsh or angry?  Yup, I'm angry that we ordered something called orange chicken with FRIED rice and this so called fried rice is an insult to the palate.  Do they think that we think this is what fried rice tastes like?  Do they think we (by we I mean anyone who steps foot into that restaurant) are ignorant consumers? 
I order the monogolian beef which had a good taste but you needed to have your incisors working perfectly to chew through the meat.  Glad I was at the dentist a few days ago and my incisors are in great shape.  
Ladies and gentlemen of the Yelping Community:  This is NOT good chinese food.  Save your money.
