URFhSrJPk7JM2pUtsuWsAg We went this past Saturday with my sister-in-law and her husband.  She works in the area and suggested we go to dinner here. 

I was extremely pleased with our meal.  We started with Egg Rolls, Pot Stickers and Boiled Won Tons.  The egg rolls were crispy and flavorful, the pot stickers were plump and the filling was delish, but the star for me was the boiled won tons.  I have never had anything like them, They were packed full of meat and served in this savory peanut flavored broth. My sister-in-law was a little wary of trying one, but she did and concurred that they were quite good.  She is not the most adventurous eater so that is really saying something!

For our main courses we  shared Mongolian Beef, Peking Shrimp, Salt and Pepper Shrimp, and Sichuan Beef.  The Mongolian Beef was tender and seasoned perfectly, The Peking Shrimp had a spicy red sauce the had a little tang to is and was served with snow peas (nice and crunchy not over cooked) and onions.  The salt and pepper shrimp were fried with a nice light batter that was salty but not over done and the jalapeno peppers were just right.  The Sichuan  Beef was my least favorite, I thought the sauce made the batter a little soggy but I really liked that sauce so was still a good dish.

The portions are huge, I was full after the appetizers as were my dinner companions, so we took a lot of our dinner home, and it tasted great the next day.  Our waitress was very sweet and attentive.  I especially appreciated that she boxed up our leftovers instead of just dropping off some boxes at the table.

From the outside the restaurant doesn't really look like much, a sand colored stucco building, but inside it is furnished and decorated nicely, the tables are spaced  so that you don't feel crowded and the lighting was bright but not overly so.

My only complaint would be that their tofu dishes had meat in them so there weren't as many vegetarian options as I would have like to have seen.  I didn't get a chance to ask if they can adjust them for vegetarians, but will the next time I go and before I take any of my veggie buddies there.
