uTn8bL6sabHD2916u5mvkA When one eats at Panda, one does not expect the food to taste like anything more like Panda. It is fast food at its core, and should never be graded like anything more than what it is (like a local business per se). That being said, I like to grade fast food based on the quality of their service, and this specific Panda Express location definitely stepped up to the plate. 

Upon entering, one presents himself with an entirely different atmosphere compared to other Panda locations. The building itself is clean. Very clean. Every time someone left, even if the place was empty, they would hurriedly make it their duty to wipe that empty table clean in the case that the next customer wanted to perhaps sit there. 

The interior design. Sleek and modern, with neutral colors everywhere of black, brown and white, and the single eye-popping red to ascertain one's eyes to the menu. I personally like the choice in chandeliers, all spherical and round to avoid making everything look too blocky. 

But enough about the interior decor; let's talk about the service. 

When we entered the shop, we were greeted by a nice, confident young woman who patiently let us sample almost every single dish on the menu before choosing our choice of 3 sides. This was due to the fact that it has been so long since my companions and I visited a Panda that we generally forgot what's good and not good. With that being the case, the women did not even look the least bit annoyed! If she was, she didn't show it. Haha. Very patient and understanding!

As we ordered our food, it was served plentiful. I don't remember how Panda food was before, but I do remember the sizes of their portions and how they were so stingy, especially when it comes to shrimp! However, they the lady served so much food on our platter that it looked to be overflowing. She even brought the food out to us as we waited in our seat. 

One cool addition that they have here is the Panda Tea Bar. I don't know if this is at every location, or maybe if I'm just too outdated, but I never knew Panda Express made boba! Of course, you shouldn't order it expecting the boba pearls to be completely fresh, and the milk tea to taste like anything original, but it is what it is. It's a nice alternative to those who don't want normal fountain drinks and others who don't always want to get water cups. 

4 stars from this Panda!
