44YFU284Z3KDEy25QyVoUw I love this Chinese restaurant. Being raised in a Cantonese household, I would claim myself to have quite a high standard for Chinese food as we eat pretty much every variety of Cantonese dieshes.

From the outside you would never guess it's a Chinese restaurant as it doesn't have any Chinese characters on the sign. All too many times, most of the so-called "Chinese" restaurants in Phoenix are way too Americanized so I hesitated when I first saw this restaurant. However, I found out about this restaurant from the Phoenix Asian newspapers and decided to give it a shot.

Inside, it's definitely not the best looking restaurant around, but it is a decent setting. One thing you'll notice about this restaurant, which is very much like some of the good LA chinese restaurants is that they highlight their signature dishes on the wall via nice full colored images.

The service was pretty decent and seems like most of the staff there (cook/servers) spoke Cantonese, so at least it makes the restaurant feel more authentic. The service was very fast too, had a nice Hong Kong feel to it.

The menu has the trademark selection of classic Hong Kong Style menu items, easy to read menu with pictures and both English/Chinese writing. Tons of clay pot items, meats, fish, soup, stir fry items. I ordered the walnut shrimp w/ mayo, beef chow fun, Salted Fish with chicken fried rice. Those are usually my favorite dishes to order at any of the restaurants to test their culinary skills. For people who know a little about Cantonese cooking, the importance of the WOK determines if the food is good or not. Usually if the restaurant has a powerful enough stove with a good quality wok, you can tell the difference in the taste of the food.

When I got the items, I was very pleasantly surprised by the quality of it. The food was seasoned just right, not too salty. The Walnut Shrimp was pretty decent size, the sauce was not too thick and not too sweet, just right. You can taste the freshness of the shrimp as it had that nice texture to it.

The beef chow fun was a pretty good dish. Beef could've been a bit more "fluffy", but still pretty moist compared other places in Phoenix. It was a pretty generous amount. The seasoning on the noodle and beef was a little light for my taste, but still pretty good as the noodles were not too soft and not too tough.

The salted fish rice was a very big plate. The salted fish was cut just small enough and the shreds of chicken was perfect compliment to the dish. This was among my favorite dish.

Back to the WOK thing, you can tell this place had some really good WOK action cause all the food came out real hot, and the texture of the food had all of the fresh "STIR FRY" element to it that you can't get from a regular pan. 

I've been back many times and definitely very satisfied. I'd probably caution any folks reading this review is that it is still not at the level of Hong Kong or LA, etc, but for Phoenix, it outperforms its competition by a long shot.
