UXFLCGw1yOCajlMONYQM1w This could be three stars if I ate here enough times to know what to eat, but I don't think I'll eat here enough times to get to that point, but who knows?  It is cheaper than eating at a buffet on the strip, and it may even be a buck cheaper than its sister property, the Orleans, but if other choices were available, it would take a half off coupon to get me to eat here.  That said, this property does run a lot of promotions to get discounted food, especially for seniors. But I'm not a senior, and I get only $1.00 off for having a B-Connected card.  

One thing going for this place is that the buffet is not at all crowded.   Another is that for the price (even regular price), they have a pretty good selection. Where the ratings drop is the overall quality of the food.  I went on prime rib night.  The prime rib was okay - it was bland and a little tough - about a 4 on a scale of 1 - 10.

The mussels were okay also, give those about a 5.  The chow mein, I liked - it was a little sweeter and chewier, and the noodles were a bit thinner than what you would expect - it was nicely different - about a 6.5.  There was some spicy vegetable dish that rated about a 5 also.  I should have quit while I was ahead.  Or I could have tried an enchilada, had some fried fish, made myself a taco, had a slice of pizza, but instead, I had the imitation crab salad and Wor Won Ton Soup. 

The soups disappointed me.  I opened the top, looked inside, and decided to pass.  But in the Chinese food section, there was Wor Won Ton Soup.  Although it just won ton dumplings and broth, I had to try some.  It was less than mediocre - the broth tasted like chicken cubes melted in hot water, and the won ton dumplings were so bland that it didn't even absorb any of the broth's saltiness. 

What ended my meal was the imitation crab salad. I don't know how it is on other nights, but on this night, this was a one star, and after a couple of bites, I was done eating. This entree just zapped the appetite right out of me.
