v1vcs-uSAQcjTFsHxS1dug First off, I really hate to have to write a bad review for any restaurant and it pains me to have to do this for Bamboo House.  I have been coming to Bamboo House for over 13 years, it used to be some of the best Chinese food I had ever been able to find in Phoenix.  Sam and family retired a few years back and sold it to a woman and I do not know her name because she is not as friendly as Sam and his family were.  Initially under new ownership the menu and food had remained pretty much the same and much of the original staff appeared to have stayed on.  All was still pretty good up until about 8 months ago.  The quality of food started to change and they started to give you less.  I used to order take out from there almost once a week and the take out portions were becoming smaller and smaller and the quality of the food overall has become very poor.  Items were forgotten from my order, half the pu pu tray missing, not enough rice or no rice at all, etc...And then the service started to go way down hill.  Every time I would order take out they would tell me 15-20 minutes but I ended up waiting 20-30 minutes when I arrived to pick up my food.  So I would add time and arrive later and my food was still never ready.  They were not even starting my order until I got there which completely defeats the purpose of calling it in in advance.  Then came the rude treatment from the new owner woman who would yell at me from the kitchen too bad they were busy my order is not ready do I still want it.  Then I also observed that the staff had completely turned over except for one person who was there with Sam and family.  And rightfully so because the new owner does nothing but scream and yell at her staff and I had witnessed this behavior every single time I was in there for the last 8 months.  No wonder everyone quit, she would scream and yell at them like a maniac.  Last time I ordered take out was on 12/22/15 and I will not be going back.  Besides being yelled at by the owner because she had not started my order, I had to stand there for over 40 minutes to wait for it while observing her screaming and yelling at her staff.  When I expressed my disappointment and that I am a 13 year customer there almost once a week for that duration, she did not care, she was nasty and rude.  Then when I got the food home the Orange Chicken container was half full and the egg rolls were soggy and way too greasy.  I unfortunately will not be returning as a Bamboo House customer, the service is horrible and the food is no longer good and they cheat you.  It make me sad but this new owner has ruined a really great Chinese Food restaurant :(
