VaLnPWq6cLnK5x2wXBVOKQ The reason for visiting this place was because it was so mysterious and hidden. I had no idea what this place was and what the rave was all about. My brother had recently visited the place and said it had good quality food for the price/portion. Decided to come try this place tonight and I was immediately impressed.

I had high hopes for this place, but seeing the exterior of the restaurant made me feel like I was going to regret coming. Walked in and was greeted immediately - didn't have to wait a second before a gentleman seated us. Service was polite and snappy, unlike other western HK cafes. I ordered the pork chop + chicken steak w/ honey mustard sauce and my lady had the tiger shrimp pasta. The (veggie) soup came first, which I must say was pretty good. They didn't go easy on the salt though, which was my only gripe. However, the entree was a totally different story. The pork chop was unbelievably tender/soft (something I can only dream of cooking one day) and the chicken steak was juicy to the point of no return (what I mean is you will never EVAR go back to eating chicken your old way). Maybe I'm exaggerating a little, but I reckon I'm not far off. Mine came with spaghetti and that was also to perfection - soft enough to be chewy. The pasta was also very good, but I think it might need some cheese.. perhaps I'm just picky with pasta (bc I'm pasta man), but I usually take my pasta with cheese.. NOMS! I also had HK milk tea that came with my dinner, which was also gracefully made. I had such a FUL-filling night (hee hee I'm so CHEESY)

Before I end this, I have to backtrack all the way to when I was being seated. I had to use the mens room so badly, I barged in and was stunned to see... A TABLE AND TWO CHAIRS IN THERE! I think that's a great idea, especially when the place gets too busy. They won't need to do renovations to make more room - just send guests into the washroom! They get a private dining room + all you can pee private toilet! lol

Before before I end this, I really liked their idea for this restaurant. I know for a fact that they already thought of how to run this place. They strategically planned their kitchen at the front of the restaurant, while the back was for cleaning. So when they're working, there's always a free flow type of motion - they get the food, send the food, pick up dirty dishes on the way, bring them to the back, go back to the front and the cycle repeats itself. That's pretty damn smart.. well done, Papa George!

Before before before I end this, I took off 0.5 because of the "private" room service lol. I don't want to do my business in there and feel like someone is sitting there or will be sitting there. It's kind of scary if it was darker in there..

Again, well done! Till we meet again..


Jennifer K mentioned that the kitchen was at the front prior to Papa George being there, so props to the previous owner! :)
