VGKq16vCdPPHMoryy6XTHg We were a party of 4 on a very busy Saturday night.  

Was this an off night?  Not sure but I am certain that one should stay away from the slender server with long dark hair.  By mid-way through dinner, I'm fairly certain I saw horns sticking out of her head.  

We were hungry and thirsty (for wine).  After waiting 15 or 20 minutes to get our bottle of wine, we ordered pretty much everything on the menu, sometimes in duplicate to serve 4.  A small cramped table doesn't lend itself well to having a half dozen different dishes strewn across it.  Leaving, quite literally, no room to put down your fork.  I asked our server nicely and early on to please slow it down. There was little to no acknowledgement of the request as dishes continued to fly out onto the table as if the restaurant was on fire.  I asked again - is this such a foreign concept?  

Pace. the. food.  It seemed a very real possibility that pizza would have to be eaten off the laps of the strangers sitting next to us if something didn't stop this convoluted culinary runaway train.  

The food, btw, ran the gamut from being ok (trumpet pizza, soups, mussels, wontons) to one very good dish (seared scallop special) to terrible (spring rolls were horrid) - to name a few.

A third request to slow the pace was met with a seriously angry server who YELLED that there was nothing she could do about it - the kitchen was pushing out dishes at this pace - period.  I'm not sure if this is typical on Planet Natt, but where I come from, your server shouldn't yell at you for ordering so much it doesn't fit on your table.  Worse yet, moments later I could see her in the midst of a total snit ranting to another server about me, in front of me!  WTF is going on here???? I'm just thankful I didn't witness her head spin all the way around, as it may have ruined the upcoming courses.   

Miraculously, the food DID stop coming out with the trajectory of a bullet towards the end of the meal, but frankly, by then the Witch of Natt had ruined the whole gig.  Overall mediocre food and service that Lucifer himself would have been proud of.  

A big bill finally arrived, notably with a dish WE NEVER GOT, which was then properly, albeit not very apologetically, adjusted.  That was the only thing "big" about the night.  The plates, the tables, the mind of our server and her tip were really quite small.
