VGKq16vCdPPHMoryy6XTHg We went to dinner here Saturday night around 6 p.m..
 
The first thing I noticed was how dark it is inside. I'd heard that this was a great date restaurant, but given the noise level, audible conversation is difficult. The decor is eclectic, with Chinese lanterns suspended overhead, stuffed animals ( the taxidermy kind) in glass boxes, and various forms of carved and rough-hewn wood throughout. It was intimate and warm, in a way that was reminiscent of Shakey's Pizza Parlor, back in the day.

Our waitress let us know that she was new, right off the bat. Being new makes certain things excusable, but never acknowledging people, smiling or making eye contact when you are constantly passing directly by their table isn't one of them. Given the noise level, it becomes even more important to look. 

So, how was the food? Drinks were great, right? 

Uneven, and wrong.

DC really enjoyed the chips and salsa. The presentation was very appealing, with a dollop of guacamole in the center of a wide dish of salsa and plentiful, well seasoned chips. They noted an odd meat-like flavor to the guac, which they said wasn't a bad thing. I didn't try them, but those go in the win column.

The Shu Mai was a standout winner for me. Tons of fresh garlic, big chunks of pork and shrimp, wrappers toothsome and not gummy, and presented in a generous amount of sauce that was so freaking good that I poured the rest of it on my salad. WoW. At $4 per plate of three, it was also a great value. WoW. WoWiE WoW WoW. More like Dim YUM!

DC had mussels, which they said were pretty standard, average, nothing special, which given the price, they expected better. I don't like mussels, so I couldn't agree or disagree. Also the pork sandwich was reportedly just OK. Not bad, not great.

The biggest letdown was the cocktail. We both ordered the same drink which arrived basically undrinkable. I would say it was 90% rail quality rum, a couple lime wedges, and 10% ice. We sent them back to be adjusted, and when they came back ten minutes later, we could detect no adjustment. Very disappointing, but the waitress did agree not to charge us for them, when we requested that.

I'll go back, maybe to try the pizza, and will probably stick to beer next time. 

Shu Mai: 6 stars out of five. Did I mention the Shu Mai? No? Do you have a minute? Pull up a chair, actually this might take awhile.
