VGxJbglGlx-a7Gdc55Q6jQ I have been here 4 times and I have enjoyed every visit. I discovered Katana through Groupon. I was unable to use the groupon until the 4th visit because of the other specials and coupons that they offer. 

The First visit I had the All you can eat Sushi 23.95. (This eliminated the use of the groupon on this visit because it is a special and no one in your party can order a special and combine it with a groupon.) I ordered lot's of rolls, Dragon, dynamite, Alaska, California, Spider, Spicy plus lots of Eel, hamachi and others I don't remember. Although you have to be careful because there is a surcharge for any sushi/sashimi that you order but do not eat. Not a problem for me. The All you can eat sushi comes with soup or salad and an appetizer. I had the house salad (good) and a spring roll that was more like an egg roll (deep fried).

The sushi is not as good as the sushi in the Pacific Northwest but I found it very good for the Burgh.

The Second visit was an early dinner and we were able to use a 15.00 off coupon for a birthday that you can get from the Katana website. I had the Dragon & Phoenix (Generals TSO's chicken and shrimp sauteed in chili sauce) Beverly had the Green Jade broccoli, snow peas and string bean (her new favorite). Good portions and very good.

Our third visit  was a lunch visit. Beverly had the Green Jade again, I had Sweet and sour chicken which was Ok not the best I have had but OK. Our third member had a shrimp ginger salad. 

Our Fourth visit was for dinner. I had the Mongolian beef, Beverly the Green Jade and our third member had the beef broccoli. All good and we were able to use the groupon.  Also ordered a pint of  Hot n Sour soup to go as it is very good. 

We have had good service on every one of our visits. Friendly staff, greeted promptly, thanked on our way out and always attentive. 

I am puzzled as to why Katana is not busier. Each time we have gone there have only been a few others in the restaurant. 

I think Katan's is a good value and worth a try.
