VGxJbglGlx-a7Gdc55Q6jQ Katana has added a touch of cyberpunk sleekness to West Liberty Avenue with its bold Asian cuisine, flaming teppanyaki tables, dangerously stylized neon sign, and overall modish atmosphere. Images of a motorcycle rumbling and a blade scraping against a rain-slicked black street were conjured as we drove up to Katana late last week. Fortunately, the food, which includes Japanese, Chinese, and Thai fare, matched up to the visuals, for me at least. 

We opted for privacy and eschewed the hibachi spectacle for a quiet meal in the cool, calm back dining room. Beginning our meal was an appetizer of steamed dumplings that were soft as butter, meaty as a Porterhouse steak, and as moist as mid-morning summer grass. 

Unsure as to what I wanted, I went with dual starters for dinner: Godzilla rolls and Tuna Tartare. 

A quintet of deep-fried medallions enrobed in seaweed and filled with rice, whitefish, crabmeat, roe, and eel were plated before me and drizzled with some sort of orange sauce that recalled mayonnaise. To think that I had gotten bored with sushi. The batter provided for a crisp hide that steamed each roll's innards to delicate, delectable effect. The velvet, fluorescent dressing captured the eye and enhanced their vaguely sugary richness. It was county fair food by way of the Far East, and I could have destroyed another plate or two of it as easily as a giant, irradiated reptile would Tokyo. Roar, baby, roar, and unleash that atomic breath!

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ln8-Y-fIbqM

The Tuna Tartare was closer to elegantly cut and presented sashimi, but complain I will not for the fish was fresh, chilly, raw, oceanic ecstasy. No ginger or wasabi was necessary. 

Kay's fatty, paper-brittle Crispy Duck made me salivate, caused my stomach juices to roil, and turned my brown eyes green. I was grateful that she allowed be to finish so that I could testify to its simplistic, rotisserie-ish quality. Meat peeled from the bones, the skin became a snack in itself, and the thick, chocolatey oyster sauce became inapplicable as the duck was just too rich, toothsome, and well-prepared to be coated in condiments.

Kay had a fried banana while I went with a globe of fried ice cream that rivaled the Mexican version with a cakey, floury, nutty crust that enveloped the vanilla ice cream adequately.

With foxily displayed A-1 food, solid service, and an atmosphere that flickers with fires of a culinary origin, Katana's prospects in the South Hills look promising. Let's hope they continue to get the commerce they deserve.
