vMpJzMFst_9GP4boeqWIRg I've been coming here for about a year now and out of the year, it totalled to 6 visits. I should have written a review when I was out with my family but after my last visit, I had to let some steam out. 

My girlfriend and I including another friend dropped in about 2 hours before closing right after the gym. (We were definitely HANGRY) So I noticed that they finished with there late night dinner rush. We were shown to our seats and we've placed out order with the server who spoke english. As we waited (30 minutes in) I noticed that other tablets that came after us were being served including the table next to us that just sat down within 5 minutes of me noticing that we weren't being served. 

We ended up eating 1 dish out of the 5 we've order and I've decided to check out since we only received 3 dishes out of the 5. So the other 2 got cold and I said "fuck it" we are leaving. At the cash out, this is where it got REALLY bad. The host/owner printed out our receipt and I noticed that there were only 3 dishes ordered and that was when I noticed how these sneaky servers are. 

TIP: If you are planning on coming here, make sure they read back your order. ALSO if you notice that you didn't get your entire order at your table at a timely manner, DO NOT check with the server because chances are, they probably forgot to punch it in and they will not even tell you that. They will tell you that "it's being made right now" in order to cover up their fuck up. 

If it's one thing I hate its a cover up of a mistake you've made. OWN UP TO IT.

So pretty much at the cash out, the server was debating why I didn't follow up with him and in my mind I was like "uhhh, I know your dirty secret of how you cover things up so..." pretty much it confirmed a lot of my experiences before at this location. 

Cherry On Top - They expected us to pay the entire bill when we only ate 1 dish out of the 3 that was ordered. Management didn't bother to offer to comp our meal, or offered anything for our bad experience.

WILL NEVER COME BACK TO THIS LOCATION
