Vs7gc9EE3k9wARuUcN9piA It had been a lonnngggg time between first discovering Pan Asian a few years ago on a date, and my last visit. Clearly too long. Used to order lunch WITH my Physical Therapy office. These were Pre-Yelp days for me. Apparently, barring spice level (a hard 8 is how I roll) my favorite dish: Massaman Curry with Soft Tofu is Misti's favorite dish and owner David was sure I was some under cover Yelper (when I'd never heard of Yelp!) It made for funny exchanges for a long time. David is quite a congenial character and cares about his business. 

Definitive of  a Mom and Pop spot in every way; with a  small open kitchen where David's wife Lisa cooks up a storm. The fantastic aromas that fill the air are intoxicating. The owners are very friendly, passionate and if you've been to Thailand, Lisa loves to discuss regional food and travel. Luckily that led them to trust pale moi when I order a True Thai 8 level spice; many places take a gander at me and knock the spice level down. Not here! 

The food is made with the same love that goes into running such a business, most of the time, David is your server. Small, no ambiance really. But Oh. That. Food. Three people can share a small feast for $10 or under if you eat family style. Since my bros would not TOUCH spice level 8 = I had enough take away for two more meals. Now that's delicious, nutritious and value packed eating! The Green Papaya Salad, Crying Tiger Salad, Drunken Noodles, Basil Rice are all standout dishes as well. Lisa will prepare any dish according to dietary restrictions/preferences. 

It is on Durango in a non descript Strip Mall, near the now closed (again) Carmine's. Very easy to pass. Between Sahara and Desert Inn, the sign says "David Wong's Pan Asian" and faces the car park NOT Durango. I got lost going: but always get lost and was working on a three day insomnia hell. Just look out for it, and by all means: GO! You will not be sorry. Great to see such a true family business thrive: very Yelpy. 

Yelp 100 Challenge
