vsi_PMRgyFy4_vVfQErtCA i want this place to be better.  

i mean, things are as they are and that is what it is, but id like to like this more than i do because there isnt a better one close by, and id rather have a short walk there, especially i think, since i live five minutes walking from chinatown east.

pearl court is a large restaurant with two floors.  now im not sure i totally understand how this works, because sometimes ive eaten dimsum downstairs and other times upstairs.  the most recent was upstairs and since dimsum not veggie friendly at all, i went by myself.  somehow this seemed more weird than any other solo dining experience ive had.  maybe because it was bright in there.

anyhow, i sat there reading for a short time because nothing appealed to me.  their selection of items was decent ranging from standards like shoomai and hargow to chicken feet in a gooey bloody looking sauce.  i didnt get that one.

if there was a large group of people and i had someone else who was interested id try it out, but its hard when you go by yourself for dimsum.  chinese food is all about the share.  needless to say i was very selective with my one man eating extravaganza.  

the shooooomai i ordered  was hot enough and alright.  i had a bowl of cut up squid that i had to send back because it was cold.  (only did so with the unwritten permission of the mother/daughter asian pair who sat beside me and were peeved that there food was cold also.  thanks for the courage.)  so we both were outfitted with new ones.  i still didnt eat it.  ive had better; it was quit rubbery.   

the last bit of tasty food i remember having was the lotus leaf with the rice and pork inside.  at least i think it was pork.  i could never quite get that answer from the woman who served it.  i recognized the dish, but it seemed there were two kinds (each with a different filling) and given my best efforts in trying to decipher the contents from her description i couldnt.  somehow i thought it was better to just say yes to the last one she said rather than risk the awkwardness of asking her to say it a third time.   i did notice a disc of sausage in there, so theres a bit of an answer.

hopefully in my yelp travels i will find a better dimsum place just as close or close enough to warrant a walk of a few blocks further.
