vsi_PMRgyFy4_vVfQErtCA I stumbled upon this place for dim sum and have been back twice since so my review is based on take out and dine in dim sum.  I don't come this way often but had to bring my mom to her doctor nearby so we stopped in to pick up some take out.  Found out afterwards that my mom's doctor has been coming here for the past decade (they even have a reserved seat for him... so I'm assuming if it's good enough for him, it's fine for us).  It's a push cart system so the downfall is they don't always have enough food by the time the cart rolls around (also depends on which side of the restaurant the cart woman decides to roll out).  My suggestion is get a seat near the kitchen if you can.

We we're pleasantly surprised with the quality and size of our portions and even more surprised with the prices.  Everything we ate was good except the lotus leaf (a bit dry) and don't expect caviar on the dumplings for the price you're paying.  The decor is dated and not all that impressive compared to the fancy places but it's not any worse than those on the other side of the city downtown.  It's Ok for this side of Chinatown as it won't embarrass the family but it's not very spacious and it won't win any awards for design.  The service is a bit slow and they were definitely slow in refilling our tea.  Service is 3 star or less depending on the time or how busy it is.

Unbeatable value: Take out or dine in is $2.80 a dish for large size har gow, sui mai and cheung fun ($2.40 if you check out before 10:30 AM)... Holy cow Batman!!! Rol San is 50% higher and the lineup is much longer.  Crown Princess and Dynasty is in a different quality league but easily double the price.  It's a huge difference if you like to go often and not so much if you're only doing dim sum a few times a year so definitely worth the trip east.  Bang for the buck is excellent and worth the drive or transit ride compared to the other Chinatown on Spadina.  Definitely go to place for regular dim sum but won't impress your boss or a date and unlikely place for dinner given the many options available elsewhere that is more convenient.  Still worthy of a solid 3.5-4 stars for dim sum quality and value :).
