vU8-ATy2-MASm-bQXdhRaw Pei Wei what's going on???? Your food and quality is starting to really slide and become inconsistent. We eat at a Pei Wei at least once a week and this location is closest, but the quality of the food is starting to become extremely poor. Tonight my husband called in an order, a kids honey shrimp, a kids teriyaki, pad thai no vegs and a pei wei spicey...order to be ready at 7pm. He get's there and they are so busy he had to wait 20 minutes longer. The tea and the refill teas were empty, the beverage machines were sticky and not clean and the it was just dirty in general. Finally he gets the food, brings it home (5 minute drive) and it's all COLD!!! My noodles in the pad thai were one huge big cold chewy clump...bleck!!! How can that be if he is waiting for it and they handed it to him immediately when ready??? Something does not add up. He took it all back ... :( Pei Wei I am disappointed. This is not the first time this has happened, but we keep giving you a shot...maybe this time it will be right. Well after tonight we have decided to just give P.F. Chang's to go a try. 

Some additional things you might want to think about, When I sit in your booths and look down and can see the crumbs and crud in between the slats of the wood, I want to puke. Maybe get some compressed air and blow that out. The soda machines are always low on ice and dirty ... I will not drink from them, the stainless steel containers that hold the straws and such ... dirty!!! It makes me question how clean the utensil is I am going to use. Garbage on the floor, dirty tables and dirty doors and windows. Finally, when you are passing to-go order over to the person who is packing them up, they should not pass through the cashier area -- YOU HAVE YOUR OWN WINDOW PASS THROUGH FOR THIS -- other costumers are standing there and looking and leaning over OPEN CONTAINERS of food and it is gross! Whose to say they didn't sneeze or cough in the direction of this food that is sitting OPEN on the cashier counter. 

Get it together Pei Wei ... we have loved you for a long time, but YOU ARE SLIPPING BIG TIME!!! TAKE PRIDE IN YOUR FOOD AND RESTAURANT ... because over the past several months it does not appear that way.
