vx4YAA02Qz6khRD1fZ1MFA In town for the '13 WSOP event 18, Ping Pang Pong has been a must-stop-by place the last 3 visits for their dim sum. Out of our large group of friends, 3 newbies and 4 vets of dim sum tagged along.

We stuck with the basics for the sake of the folks new to dim sum but their selection really isn't that big to begin with. They have all of the typical items and they do most of them well.

Steamed pork dumplings (shui mai) were very good. They were bigger than average, lots of pork goodness and hints of chopped mushrooms. The pork bulges out of the wonton wrapping like they were on 'roids.

Steamed shrimp dumplings (har gow) were good. The translucency made the newbies stare at it for a bit but the shrimp was fresh and there was an average amount.

Steamed BBQ pork buns (char siu bao) were average. Rather typical and on the small side but the filling was tasty. The baked versions were very good and the bread almost melts in your mouth. The thin egg wash layer on the top makes it a little sticky but it probably keeps it soft instead of crusty. Both fillings were just sweet enough without overpowering the pieces of pork.

Chow mein came in a big heap. The onions and green onions gives it a decent flavor but it didn't have the crispy, wok/pan fried edges it should have. It went well with the steamed pork ribs.

Speaking of pork ribs, they were also given a double take by the newbies as they look more like sedimentary rock than meat. They were fine but lacked the bit of black bean sauce it usually has. There was also only a few pieces in the dish but some of them were pretty meaty. Careful of the small bones as they are cut from the rib tip ends.

The steamed shrimp rice noodles (har cheung fun) were great as the shrimp again is fresh and there were plenty of them in each piece; 3 to an order. The noodle was slick and not chewy. They are drowned a bit in a light soy sauce. The beef version wasn't as great and had little seasoning but that's probably due to being steamed.

The deep-fried glutenous rice dumpling (hom sui gok) were good. Crispy yet light on the outside, the filling was a bit small but the pork, shrimp, and mushrooms were tasty.

I think I'm missing an item or two but dessert came as the sticky buns (gai mei bao) and were very good. The bread was nice and soft and the coconut and custard filling wasn't too sweet. This was a big hit at the table.

No one wanted to try the stuffed eggplants but in previous visits they were very good - not overcooked limpy and the filling of shrimp was crispy. No sight of chinese broccoli (gai lan) this time but in previous visits the dish was small and the broccoli was on the small side themselves. Didn't get any crispy spring rolls but there were average with a shrimp and pork filling. Other items I never tried are the different rice porridge, jelly fish, bbq pork and cummin filled pastries, and chicken feet.

It was a Monday morning around 11, an hour after they had opened, and it was about 60% full. The water refills were pretty steady and the carts that deliver the dim sum were coming and going at a good rate. It's at the far end of the casino floor and open to a bunch of slot machines on one side. My Sprint phone struggled to get a decent signal there.

Our bill came out to about $15 per person including tip, which is pretty typical price.

From their usual menu (and previous visits), the wor wonton soup is decent with lots of it in an order. The pot stickers were nicely pan fried, a bit doughy and the filling was okay. The grilled lamb chops were ok but they were mostly bone. The beef flat rice noodles were a bit greasy but tasty. However it didn't have a lot of beef in it.
