vx4YAA02Qz6khRD1fZ1MFA It's located towards the middle of the
Gold Coast Casino towards the back wall. We came at about 2 pm on a Monday (Memorial Day) and there was still a long line (about 15 minutes). Get here early, they close at 3, but it looks like they stop making fresh dim sum at 2 pm. The carts had slim pickings and a lot of things they didn't have anymore, such as the shrimp noodle rolls. 

I knocked a star off for the bad service here. The service was extremely slow and rude. After we were seated, no one introduced themselves to us as our server, so we didn't even know who our server was the entire time. Our drink order wasn't taken and tea wasn't brought to us until about 15 minutes after being seated and us having to flag someone down. They don't refill drinks here and they never made eye contact, so I was constantly waving my hand in the air to call someone, anyone over. 

Surprisingly, most of the dim sum here was great! 

BBQ pork buns - We loved the bbq pork buns, they make a great one here. The moist fluffy bao buns (the white ones that look like clouds) were stuffed generously with moist and tender bbq pork. 5/5

Chicken Feet - whoever butchered the feet, didn't do a good job and there were tiny shards of bone throughout. My boyfriend almost swallowed a couple of small shards. 1/5

Shumai (pork dumpling) - small, but they were moist, flavorful and had a nice texture. 5/5

Har gow (clear shrimp dumpling) - these were also small, but I loved these! Great flavor on the shrimp filling and the clear wrapping was delicate and had a perfect texture. We ordered 2 rounds of them. 5/5

Fried shrimp patty on sugar cane - comes with a sweet mayo sauce. The shrimp ball was very flavorful and went perfect with the mayo sauce. 5/5

Shrimp and vegetable meatball coated in sticky rice - I didn't like the doughy sticky rice on the outside. Also the filling's texture was odd with the soft shrimp ball and chewy bits of vegetable. 1/5

We also ordered a plate of stir fried beef chow mein noodles because we were all still hungry and they barely had anymore dim sum by 2:30 pm. The chow mein noodles were really bland. The beef was tender, but we all couldn't get past on the taste of the chow mein, it was lacking so much! 1/5

Come early, stick with the dim sum and you're golden.
