vx4YAA02Qz6khRD1fZ1MFA Say what? 3.5 stars at 279 reviews? I think not! This place deserves a 10 if it was possible! The vibe is as follows: downtown, somewhere in the middle of a Chinatown - not in Vegas but more of some big port city (like NYC or SF) - duck-in-amidst bustling streets filled with shrimp merchants and trinket salespeople. Yeah- but it IS in Vegas! It's amazing how one can be transported someplace completely different just by a meal. That, of course, occurs when the meal is done right. 

We enjoyed the dim sum, and thank goodness we started going back to the gym. I say this because we had a bit more of a guilt-free attitude as we looked over a packed table filled with our favorite dim sum dishes-all cooked to perfection with rustic Chinese authenticity in mind. 

We started with tofu and shrimp balls, covered in hot peppers. Now, I hate tofu. My wife is very good at encouraging me to try new things, so with a little hesitation, I took a bite. Awesome! I had more, and my wife and I faced off for the last one. She won, however I had some shrimp balls hanging around waiting to be devoured, so all was not lost. We had the skinny noodle chow mein (huge portion....finished it). Amazing! For one thing, it was brought to our table steaming hot. The flavors consisted of aromatic young onion, assorted Chinese vegetables, covered in tasty fried bean sprouts. 

I could write paragraph on top of paragraph in order to describe the amazing tastes of each item we had, but don't have all day. 

I HAVE to mention those sesame balls! DAYUMMM! Not only were they the best ever, but my wife and I went into some sort of weird blissful state as we polished off both plates and washed them down with the yummy Chinese tea. We had to sit there and take it all in before composing ourselves and finally getting the courage to face rows of slots as we made our way back to the car. 

I also must mention the service. The staff was outstanding and kept our water and tea filled. They took the time to explain each dish in detail. 

Oh, and the prices! Cheap! We were probably about $20 in when we were full, but continued into the $45 range for both of us because the food was that good. 

Ping Pang Pong is the best Chinese I ever had - period, and I really hope people will take notice and place it into 5-star land where it belongs. 

Thanks Ping Pang Pong!!!!
