VzUo-RURV3VnfNItAYM8yg I came back to Boba Hut for a study session. I am glad to see some improvements and this time around got to try some of their food. My final verdict is...this place is not bad, but not my most favorite.

SERVICE
A lot more welcoming than the last time. Unlike the attitude I got from a girl on my last visit, this guy at the counter was friendly and helpful in deciding which drink I should get. He personally handed the drink to me and told me I can make adjustments to my drink, which is something the girl never said in my last visit. 

DRINK/FOOD
Drinks I have tried so far:

Jasmine Milk Tea- 100% is too sweet for my liking but still my favorite out of all the drinks I have tried. 5/5

Whitegourd Green Milk Tea- ordered at 75% sweetness and added honey boba. Despite the ridiculously sweet taste of white gourd, I still tasted tea. I must say they brew some good teas here. 4/5

Coffee Milk Tea-100% sweetness was good. Strong black tea with few shots of espresso. Perfect for all-nighter. 4/5

White Peach Oolong Tea-just ok. I was surprised to see how much ice they put in this drink. Very subtle peach flavor and strong oolong tea. 3/5

White Grape Oolong Tea-pretty good! Very light grape flavor and tea flavor but refreshing. 100% sweetness was bit too sweet for me. Unique flavor that I haven't had in other places. 4/5

Cantaloupe Milk Tea-75% sweetness turned out to be too sweet once again. Similar to Honeydew Milk Tea, maybe a tad bit sweeter. 3/5

Taiwanese popcorn chicken was something different. It came with seasoning which was on the saltier side. Their popcorn chicken, French fries and sweet potato fries are perfect snacks to order on the side.

CONCLUSION
Their teaspresso is amazing. No matter what flavor you get, you can always taste a hint of tea. I personally think their teas are brewed stronger than Brew Tea Bar or Kung Fu Tea. Try their teas! Also, go 50% or 75% sweetness level as many of the drinks they serve are extremely sweet to begin with.
