VzUo-RURV3VnfNItAYM8yg After two visits here, I think I can say for sure that this is place is not one of my choices in the boba department. 

In both of my visits this place was pretty empty, and it's kind of hard to miss considering the size of the place. 
I am absolutely in love with the design of the menu that they have and their logo. Keeping in mind that I saw their menu before I went to the store I was kind of really excited to see their decor and environment boba hut had to offer. 
Basically I was too exited, because seemed like a half decorated shop.

On my first visit I had the oolong milk teapresso hot. The cashier had a hard time pronouncing the name, which  asked how to say because I was curious (lol)
I was expecting a really strong tea flavor, but no. Not at all. Watered down oolong with ....watered down milk? The boba was also very mushy. 

On my second visit I went with two other people and since some of my friends had said that their food was a lot better than their drinks (even though the place is called BOBA hut)
I kept my hopes up.
We all ended up ordering a lot of food.

Spam misubi
Hawaiian bbq mix 
Chicken katsu
Drunken noodles
Popcorn chicken

Most of the dishes came with rice and macaroni salad. 

I guess the only thing that was "worth it" ended up being the spam, which I didn't even try. 

I felt like most of the dishes were just overwhelming with strong flavors. Maybe it was garlic? Pepper? I don't know. But it overpowered all the food, covered up the taste of all the protein.

Along with the food we ordered the following drinks

Thai tea w/ popping boba 50% sweet
Coffee milk tea w/ pudding 
White grape oolong tea

I was disappointed in the Thai tea, maybe I should've gotten 100% sweetness 
And the peach popping boba definitely did NOT component the drink (whoops, my bad choice)

The coffee milk tea was pretty good, nothing to rave about though.

And I think I liked the grape oolong best, even though it didn't taste like oolong. 

Service was 5 stars, everyone was really nice 
They came to our table about 4 times while we are to ask if everything was okay. I didn't enjoy anything that we got but I also didn't want to be rude. The cashier seemed very knowledgeable about the menu.

Better luck next time?
