W90h9VXUSdRz1_uJhweVPQ I have mixed feelings about Yusho after trying two appetizers and ramen. Like another reviewer, I'm from Chicago and live just a couple blocks from the original Yusho there. Go figure that I would try it for the first time all the way in Vegas.

First, I would not expect traditional Japanese cuisine. The subtleties of Japanese food is instead given what I like to call the hipster amplification. It's definitely reflected in the decor (anime projected onto the brick wall, modern paper lanterns, dim lighting), but not in a pretentious way. The service was wonderful and prompt, and our waiter was knowledgable about the menu.

We ordered the octopus (with green beans, yuzu butter, enoki mushrooms), which I could have eaten 3 more servings of. It was a delightful mix of savory and citrusy, with a creamy texture offset with the crunchiness of the green beans and octopus.

The other appetizer we ordered was the dumpling trio. This may have been a special (I can't quite recall it being on the menu), but I wish I had asked a better description of the dish, as it was literally a trio of three dumplings. Mind you, they were all delicious. One had a Korean gochujang-like sauce with a cilantro garnish (this also had the most meat). Another was deep fried with a yellow sauce which I couldn't really discern what the flavor was. And the last was a gyoza dumpling with another vague, but delicious, sauce. Personally, I would just skip this appetizer.

I ordered the Logan Poser ramen, and was overall pleased with this dish. It came with a crunchy shredded pork block topped with bonito flakes. I highly, highly recommend dipping it in the broth--it gives it such a heavenly taste. The broth itself could have been more developed, but we were given a decent amount of noodles and other garnishes (cucumbers, soft boiled egg, and chili paste). I do wish the overall serving size was larger for the price point.

Yusho has its hits and misses, but I would probably go for the mega ramen next time for the best value for my money.
