W90h9VXUSdRz1_uJhweVPQ Oh my, my taste buds were going all crazy after eating at Yusho. The food is so good that my mouth is watering as I reminisce on the whole experience; sorry I didn't take a lot of pictures my phone was low on juice. It suppose to be street food so it seems simple but I'd only caution everyone else that the food aint cheap.

The first item up was the Chicken Drummies http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/yusho-las-vegas-2?select=UioPVMGCzrAhEBhmwxoDCQ#jVJY592-J_LNB9vucVuFHg these were definitely not your usual chicken drummies. At least for $9 they better have not been my usual ones. There was I think 5 or 6 fried crispy pieces in red miso, garlic, and sesame, small yes but delicious. I kind of wished I had more. 

The next item was the Pork Shoulder Steam Buns http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/yusho-las-vegas-2?select=UioPVMGCzrAhEBhmwxoDCQ#7h3L67sTasIEWUrHlf_J2A It was a juicy piece of pork shoulder with their kim chi, some cilantro, and other things on a white steam bun. It had a lot of flavor. Again it was a little small for me but tasty.

Next was the Fried Duck Leg it's crispy on the outside juicy and tender on the inside, delicious. It was served with a plum BBQ sauce, some herbs, and a couple white steam buns. I love duck and loved this dish. It was probably the simplest to make dish I had.

I don't remember the rest of the items just the picked oshinko cucumbers, lotus root, and carrot salad. I also liked for being veggies. The rest of the menu is pretty much grilled items (tofu steaks, NY aged strip steak, shishito peppers, etc.), fried items (more fried chicken, veggie tempura, maitake mushroom, etc), noodles, steam buns, pickeled, and sweet items (I heard about the doughnut made from tofu, sweet potato, and rosemary it sound good I forgot to try some, another time).

The customer service was excellent. The interior is nice and spacious. Good selection of alcoholic beverages, from beers, cocktails, sakes, and wines. It's located in the Monte Carlo near the front, towards the Strip and can be easily access by walking through the casino or Strip. I'd definitely be back just don't know when.

I forgot to add that they also had these fried skin, served like chips so good.
