W8xPHUqL088jdcmNZyH-eA Can't undervalue an opportunity to tell the truth about a place we had just visited, the Shit Pot. Correction, I think the sign outside reads Noodle Pot so I guess we will go by that for now. This evening we came in a party of three and ordered spicy wonton, beef noodle soup and port chop rice and I will go over each one of them in detail. Spicy wonton - slightly below average. Beef noodle - they give you enough noodle though we didn't like the texture (had have better else where). Broth was extra ordinary while beef was okay and nothing special. And here comes the naked truth. I think people appreciate honesty and I will be perfectly honest: the pork chop was NO DOUBT the WORST WE (PARTY OF 3) HAVE EVER HAD IN OUR LIVES. Can you imagine how hard that is? It's bad enough be the worst one has ever had but a party of 3!!!??? It was SUPER, SUPER DRY, TASTELESS not to mention thin. I think it's fair to say we controlled ourselves well and were nice enough not to return that crap after our first bites. I think you can go to an Italian, American, Vietnamese or even the cheapest buffet in town and they will have to ability to present a better fried pork chop than this one. And there were those corns. You might as well not serve them given the amount that was on the plate. How cheap you get? It's even worse than kids meals. And of course there were the two piece of broccoli's and how generous of you as we were just in tears to have those pieces on the plate. Decor was boring and service was nothing. Wonton and beef probably deserve two to three star but the pork chop is no doubt in the negative territory thus one star as we don't know if there is a way we can grade this pot place any lower. All three of us were mad that such an inferior product was presented to us (port chop) let alone to even try it. ALL THREE OF US WILL NEVER RETURN! Oh here, here is a "Grand Opening" sign outside. How long have they been opened? Just like the pork chop - you might be able to trick and get away with some but it's honestly very low class and disrespectful to serve such a dish and the customers have to pay $8.50 + tax & tip to get trash.
