W90h9VXUSdRz1_uJhweVPQ Yusho was the choice for dinner on Day 2 of our Vegas vacation.  Yusho had been on my radar for its eclectic array of Asian street fare and interesting sounding cocktails.  The wife and I had reservations for 7pm on a Monday night, not that we needed them since the restaurant was far from full.  Yusho possessed a casual appearance that didn't sing Asian cuisine and frankly seemed out of place in the otherwise generic and, frankly, moribund Monte Carlo.  As a result, the energy level was, not surprisingly, low.  Fortunately, we were seated at a high top that overlooked the kitchen, which gave us a great view of seeing our food being prepared, something the wife and I always enjoy.

Yusho's menu was as promised, hitting Asian street cuisine like ramen, skewered grilled meats, and steamed buns.  We went with the 6-course Omakase Tasting menu ($75/person), which allowed us to sample a wide selection as well as an item that wasn't on the menu.  All of our omakase selections were excellent, however, my three favorites of the night were the Foie Gras with Buddha's Hand, gastrique, and sea salt; the Logan Poser Ramen topped with crispy pork, egg, nori, and cucumber; and the most unique item we had (which wasn't on the regular menu) was the Fried Duck Testicles or as they were affectionately called, "Quacky Mountain Oysters".   I feel no guilt or shame for loving foie gras and Yusho's rendition was delicious and, for me, guilt-free.  The ramen was the definition of umami, but equally important and appreciated by me was the fact the broth was nicely seasoned and avoided the saltiness that is often found in lesser-quality ramen.  By the time the dessert course, rolled around, I was already comfortably full.  Needless to say, after dessert, I was on the verge of bursting.   It was a good problem to have.

Yusho hit on all cylinders.  Service was friendly and attentive.  Drinks were top notch.  However, its omakase menu offered up serious value for the generous amount of high quality, deliciously executed food that we received.  Compared to the appreciably higher priced, yet far less satisfying tasting menu experience we had at another Strip Asian joint, Hakkasan, Yusho blew it away.  Without a doubt, Yusho was one of my dinner highlights of our week in Las Vegas.  I look forward to checking it out again the next time I'm in town.  4.5 stars.
