wfWcE4K7vQX1Fjao9Q-12Q I had been to Thai Basil a handful of times a couple years ago and then all of a sudden stopped going.  I couldn't remember why this happened and decided to pay a visit the other night.  Well, as Celine once sang: "It's all coming back to me now..."

Let me start by saying the name of the place is THAI Basil, yet on the front of their restaurant they also advertise pho, sushi, and Corona.  Maybe they are trying to cater to the North Las Vegas crowd who has a serious lack of Asian (and beer?) choices, but I'm always leery of a restaurant that is mainly one type of food but throws in some other options as well.

In order of best tasting, we had: Thai Basil Vegetables, Panang Curry with tofu, and Pad Thai with tofu.

Thai Basil Vegetables: I have to give them some major props for fresh, well-cooked veggies.  It had tons of broccoli and baby bok choy and very little carrots (bleh).  My body was happy for the nutrients.  However, the praises end there as the sauce was thick and goopy and a little too sweet.  Despite being the most flavorful thing we ordered, it could have used some more love.

Panang Curry: I was excited to see a giant container of curry when we got home thinking we had hit the jackpot.  But then I became sad once I started to dig around and realized that it was mainly curry broth and very little "meat" to it.  It contained mostly tofu (I was hoping for veggies) and the tofu was cut into huge pieces.  I hate this because the tofu ends up not soaking up as much curry as it can if the pieces were cut smaller.  As for veggies, there were only a couple pieces of tomato and green pepper.  There was also a good bit of onion- which I would normally enjoy- but the onion was completely raw.  Sorry, I can't handle that much raw onion breath, thanks.  On top of it, the curry was pretty bland with only a tiny bit of spice.

Pad Thai: I know that this is typically the white people's noodles in Thai restaurants.  I normally don't order Pad Thai, but when I asked the lady which noodles she recommended, she was enthusiastic about them (perhaps she was playing it safe with me?).  Anyway, the noodles were super thin, super dry, super greasy, and super flavorless.  There were hardly any bean sprouts and there was zero spice.  Granted, they gave me some chili paste on the side, but I prefer my noodles to be spiced-up on arrival.  

In all, if you are the kind of person that can't drive out of your way to go get some good Thai food, then this place will do if you live in the area.  Otherwise, save up a couple bucks for gas and get your butt out to Komol.
