wGCS-2FkRrBRpoA2keXP-A I was thinking 3-3.5 stars after my visit but I turned it to a 4 on my way out because the waitress made my day.  I'll explain further after the jump.

Pros:
Lots of choice in terms of specials
Good prices and portions
Excellent service

Cons:
No brisket at 1pm?

I came with my GF and baby over the weekend because we were going to do some shopping over and T and T next door after.  Walking in, the place looks pretty nice.  Kinda new-ish feel to it.

They have a lot of choice for their afternoon tea, and lunch specials.  Most HK style cafes usually have about 15-20 items for their specials.  I swear this place had at least 100 or so.  I came in with something in mind to order but after seeing the amount of choice I had, I rethought a couple of times on what to order.

So here's the thing, beef brisket is a common item at HK style cafes, I would say 20% of the menu has some sort of brisket in it.  So on a Saturday afternoon to run out of brisket makes me scratch my head.  I could understand a more obscure item running out.  Oh well, first world problems.  I did feel like brisket too..  lol.

I ended up getting the salt and pepper pork chop on rice and my GF got the a baked rice.  We both got HK style mike teas.  Both dishes were very good and portions were big.  I got a lot more pork than I thought I would get.  The pork chops were some of the best I've had in a while.  My GF liked her dish as well.

The waitress was working alone but she was great.  She had an arm cast of some sort so she was a trooper.  It didn't slow her down at all. She was very friendly throughout our time there.  

Here's the thing, I'm all about customer experience.  If you make it a memorable visit, that scores a lot of points with me.  On my way out, the waitress said to me "So, you're a father now!"  I had my baby with me and I didn't get why she said that.  Then she said "Do you remember me?"  Right then and there, I remembered who she was.  She used to work in another HK style cafe I frequented a couple of years back..  I went there once a week then.  I hadn't gone there in more than 5 years since I moved away.  I was amazed she still remembered me.  We chatted a little bit more after.  It was a nice experience and it made my day.

All in all, a nice little place I will be going back to next time I'm shopping for groceries there.  Our bill came out to about $15 WITH taxes and tip incluided.  Lunch for 2 with drinks for $15?  I'm sold.
