Wk2vbs-Va9Alf8cZqqAVQA Yum :P Went for the all you can eat, 8pm reservations on a sat night, and the place was packed, but didn't have to wait long for service. I like the variation of sauces and meats on the menu. Not much noodles, but next time I'll ask if they can bring a side order of rice noodles instead of steamed rice, because the sauces the meats come in are awesome for the most part.

We ordered alot of different kinds of shrimp, and they came nice, plump, big and juicy, no shells escept for the tails.

The boneless ribs were big, tender and had alot of meat, but were bland and really needed the sauce that came on the side. The sauce was good, but it didn't really help. I think it needs to sit in the sauce to really soak in for awhile, otherwise I don't think I would order those again, regretfully. I hope they fix that, because it was delightfully tender.

I didn't like the shredded fried chicken, but the rest of my friends loved it so much. I didn't like the texture, eventhough i'm a big fan of chewy and crunchy, but I dunno, it just didn't sit well with me, I couldn't tell it was chicken.

I also really did not like the tom yum gui hot and sour soup at all. The rest of my table liked it alot, but I would have liked it if it was less greasy and more spicy, which was what I was expecting for tom yum. I actually didn't find it spicy at all. The general Tao was reallly spicy though, I loved it lol but when i comented on how awesomely spicy it was, my friends said I got the good pieces, so I'm guessing they weren't mixed well?

the peanut butter dumplings were addictive lol that sauce was so creamy, god dam lol loved it to the point of obsession lol

the lobster crab lettuce salad was a pure fail though. tasted like there was a layer of mashed up kiwi fruit ontop, which didn't go well at all. maybe if it was mixed in and spicy would have been better. But it felt liek a waste of lobster and crab, as their taste didn't really stand out in the dish.

we got some kind of a spout salad, that had cooked thin noodles ontop. first bite, i was like wtv, nothing special, then again.. and later again, then BAM spicy! which was awesome lol same effect on my friend. It wasn't like i was eating it continuously, i was eating other things, so i think the spicyess was just not mixed in properly so i got a big hit of it at one point. 

We ordered chicken on scewers. My friends liked them alot. I tried one, it was meh. tried it with the peanut sauce side dish. was still meh. then i smothered it with the left over peanut butter dumpling sauce lol couldn't get enough of that lol

I love how they have jasmin tea on the menu! I'm a big fan of different types of asian teas, they're so much fun xp

i was very surprized about their icecreams. I expected the same general types like the other restaurants, and the waiter didn't describe them right. My friends go the chocolate, and it looked like there was chunks of something in it, and the icecream color looked like coffee flavored o,o if that was expresso ice cream with chocolate chunks, imma loose my shit, cause that's my favorite lol i'll have to check that next time xp i ended up just getting the rainbow icecream. I wasn't sure if it was rum and raisin icecream, or rainbow icecream, was hard to understand the waitier (legit foreigner, which i honestly love lol he was still so polite and very helpful though. great waiter!) what i ended up getting was a mix of orange and fuscia colored fruity flavored ice cream. Was not a bad selection, but if they're going that route, I honestly would have preffered an actual sorbet, which would have made a nice option instead of icecream.

The place looked fancy xp was 5$ more expensive than other all you can eat places, but I think it was worth it honestly. I really like how we don't have to calculate how many orders of each dish we get. Instead we just write down on a piece of paper what number and how many people want it, and the kitchen decides what the portion will be. This works out much better compared to the set quantity amount that the other all you can eat places i've been to have been doing. Real smart and helpful. 

Honestly, this was the first time we were all full after just one round of ordering. Usually we order like, 5 rounds and we're hating ourselves for being so full xp but with the way they arrange things, we order soup first, apetizers second, than main dishes last on the same paper, and they come all in that order, with some time inbetween each course. It was nice, and I wasn't really use to it, because usually we just order a hoard of things. Still was a hoard, but ... still lol was much more organized lol

I didn't mind just having a blank piece of paper to write our orders down, but I forget that I write small sometimes, which can make the staff's job harder to read, so just fyi, write clearly. They didn't seem to have trouble with it though,, so that's good.

I wonder what a 50$ all you can eat place would be like o,o
