Wqa1JjkSuviehZ7OedhPeA Okay I so needed to write an update on this place. I want to know how to open a second Dayali chain because man...this place must be racking in the money like no tomorrow. I have been here many times since and I am not sure why. Well, first of all, it's a new restaurant (and new way of eating Peking Duck) that has brought us to take our out of town relatives for a new experience. And, we always get the private room (there are two), which you must order a minimum of $300 for the small room or $350 for the larger room. The private room is why we can tolerate this place because outside is absolute chaos, mayhem, and HELL!

Last night, we had the door closed to our private room and there were so many people outside waiting that we could see them pushed up against our glass door, as if they were splattered on. I was first to arrive to the restaurant and I couldn't even get in. And when I got in, it was impossible to get someone to look at me, and when I waved to the tall man (I think he is part owner) he looked at me, continued to talk to another woman while looking at me, and then looked away. I really have to learn that skill as while it was really rude, more so, it was really creepy. If I can creep the heck out of someone with just one look, let me have it please.

The waiters are just worked to the dickens I suppose. Service is not bad in that they are rude (although their looks and comments to you could be defined as rude) but it's just that you have to ask for things over and over and over again. And when you ask, they give you a 'ugh' look. There are just too many people for them to care.

Our bill came out to $400 and change which included a big lobster, steamed shrimp with garlic, various egg dishes, various fried pancake dishes, three large bowls of soup, fish, and three orders of Dayali's famous Peking Duck (done in three ways). Nothing goes to waste so we also got Duck Soup, and Fried left over duck pieces done in two ways (Peppery and Plain). Really, the food is cheap because can you imagine ordering all this at a Lai Wah Heen for $400? Nope...more like $1500-$2000. Furthermore, we got the VIP pricing which makes the food even cheaper.

So, why do people come to this place when the service sucks, the food is average (in my mind), the atmosphere is so bad (busy, cramped, people smoking and horking right outside the restaurant) and it's their way or the high way? You can't make reservations if you don't have more than 5. One time, there was a group of 6 where two people did not show up. The owner came up to them and said you can't have this table. Go back in line. And they did. And they waited patiently for two hours.

My family has been there for 5 times now and still it's not like managers greet us and welcome us back. The attitude is distinctly we don't care if you never come back. We have so many other people willing to take your spot. And if you are coming back, then see? We are doing something right. So I guess it boils down to money and how cheap the food is.

And this brings me back to my initial question...how do I capitalize on this brand name? How do I make loads of money off people who are willing to make reservations but still have to wait for 3 hours and if they don't have the right amount of people, still stay and wait for 3 hours more?!?!
