Wqa1JjkSuviehZ7OedhPeA Overrated by many!!!!  My family and I (4 of us) arrived at this restaurant at 8:00pm and saw a massive lineup and waited for 45 minutes for a seat thinking this place must be at least half decent but we were in for a rough ride instead!!!

We ordered the Peking duck, duck bone soup, 4 "Bo", deep fried toro roll and hot plate lamb.

First the service, waited for 10 minutes before someone brought us tea and our tableware, waiter/waitress ONLY speaks mandarin.  After placing our order, they gave us desserts first then our other items and Peking duck came last (waited for an hour for the duck), the entire dining experience was off beat since they gave us our food in whatever order they feel.  Tea refill was also am issue, may times their wait-staff simply walk right past our tea pot and ignore the refill signal (cap off).  Service mark:  1/5

Food quality was BAD.  Most items are simply covered in massive amount of oil, food was made with massive amount of MSG (we ended up drinking 5 kettles of tea), their so call "Peking Duck" was very disappointing, first we waited for an hour for this duck to arrive at our table, then they gave us these very ordinary BbQ duck pieces which was OK quality at best and their Peking duck wrap was simply supermarket grade stuff.  The duck came cold and with massive amount of oil on the plate which leads me to the conclusion of them simply adding an already BBQed duck from another place and just add oil and dump it into an oven to make it seem like Peking duck.  Food quality:  1/5

Renovation was nice and comforting.  The place has high ceiling, open concept western design with a touch of Asian decoration.  Seats were comfortable and tables were nicely planned out.  4/5

Pricing was another issue.  They want customer to sign up to their so call membership for an extra $20.00 so you can save an extra $2.00 per dish.  Everything were pretty much in the mid price range but quality of food were in the lower price range spectrum.  Our final bill was $100.00(tax and tips in) for the 4 of us and we all agreed that we would have rather paid $100.00 to eat 4 bowls of well made Pho then this place which saids it all. Pricing 1/5

If you are the type that would like to go to a nice place to eat something different then this place is for you, but if you are the type looking for good food, forget about this place and look elsewhere.
