Wqa1JjkSuviehZ7OedhPeA Food was pretty good, for the most part, but it's definitely not cheap.

Had:

Signature roast duck - Duck skin was super crispy. Duck meat was super tender and juicy. Came with 8 flour wraps? Also came with cucumber strips, green onion shreds, deep fried potato matchsticks, craisins, spiced salt and sugar. Also hoisin sauce, cuz hoisin and duck are a match made in heaven. For $36.99 or something around that price, it's definitely not cheap, but it was worth trying.
Duck bones in spicy salt ($2.88) - if you just order the duck, the bones don't come with it. Yeah. Kinda a ripoff. That being said, this is a good add-on. There is no discount for VIP's. It comes in three flavors/cooking styles. Spicy salt is the one we chose. It was heavy on the salt. That being said, the skin on the neck was crisp and the neck meat was juicy.
Taro filled sesame rolls - cute presentation. Crispy exterior filled with a glutinous mashed taro concoction. It was slightly sweet and had a good chew. I liked how the ends of the rolls were dipped into sesame. This one I'd order again.
Xiao long bao - for $6.99 (discounted VIP price), they're still not worth it. There's 9 of them, but they don't have soup in them. Yeah. They really shouldn't be called xiao long baos if they don't have soup in them. 
spinach and peanuts - $3.99 (discounted VIP price). Fairly good portion for price, but spinach was a tad salty. Other than that, nothing to complain about. Tastes strongly of sesame oil.
Signature Peking style lamb - shredded lamb (think super thin hot pot lamb) with spicy cumin salt, green onions and cilantro. Quite spicy. Other than that, quite tasty. Also a tad salty.
Dayali specialty pear thing - Not actually a pear. A glutinous rice dumpling shaped like a pear. Supposedly a dessert. Wasn't sweet. Pretty, though.
Some kind of minced pork pancake roll thing - I remember this one was definitely not cheap. The ingredients used to make it seemed quite cheap, though. It's like a green onion pancake with green onions and seasoned minced pork on the inside. It was crispy, but not particularly memorable.

All in all, not a bad place to eat (especially if you don't get the duck). I would suggest making a reservation, though, because at dinner on a weekday, the restaurant still filled up.
