WuQZ5iesON7NWTDWgwWlbQ Are you looking for somewhat decent dim sum served in a setting that is a combination of modern Hong Kong style interior design and a English "stately house"? Well, if you are looking for that setting, this place will have your answer. This place seems to be a place designed for big Chinese banquets but they also serve dim sum in the morning. 

They have this dim sum special in which the prices are significantly lower if you arrive before 10:45 AM. My family wanted to take advantage of this special, and we got some dishes. One good advantage about this place is that the dim sum is made to order, not served in large carts. Another advantage is that the place is really spacious, and there's some large paintings to keep your eyes distracted a tiny bit, unless you see someone that looks gorgeous.

The Ha Gau, also known as the Shrimp Dumplings, were really plump, and I thought it was definitely the best dish they had at this place. The Siu Mai, also known as the Pork and Shrimp dumplings, had a nice garnish, but it made no difference in the decent flavour. The Sin Juk Guen, also known as the Tofu Skin Roll, was not really impressive. It was very soggy and the taste was almost bland and lacked some flavour. The Pumpkin Congee they had tasted kind of funny and strange. They also served Jung Ji, which is this sticky rice dish usually wrapped in lotus leaves, but this was served without lotus leaves. The taste was also kind of bland and lacked flavour. 

Service was just okay. Some of the servers were dressed like they work as housekeepers for an English "stately house". The teapots and tea cups were very distinctive compared to any dim sum restaurant I have been to. They had a very English and artful look, giving you the feeling that you are having afternoon tea in an English country house. 

Overall, this is not a bad place to get dim sum in Richmond Hill, but I don't think the dim sum is that great here, unless you enjoy the somewhat "tacky" setting and the spaciousness of this place. I can't believe I am giving a mediocre rating to a dim sum restaurant in Richmond Hill, but I am fairly sure that I had better dim sum in Toronto, and even outside of the Greater Toronto Area.
