wWry6ceFOu0pSmzPpDJQcA Like the others have said, the main dish here is noodles. You choose your soup base, and it comes with a bunch of things to put in your noodles (raw quail egg, a few slices of hot pot beef, small dishes of assorted veggies and fungi, etc.). They have a laminated sheet (a tiny one) at the table that explains the sequence in which you put things in (egg, meat, veggies), but it doesn't say when to put in the noodles. LOL. 

Noodles had a good consistency. Side dishes could have been a tad larger, but for that price, this is is a very decent meal. Portion was not bad.

Soups: pickled veggie one is pretty good. really spicy one is good. tomato one is not bad, but more tomato sauce flavored than fresh tomato flavored. Soups were also very hot.

Sides: 

Hot and spicy spare ribs ($2.99) - 2 skewers/order. tasty, but could have been more tender, and definitely not as spicy as I thought it was going to be (in Chinese, they're mala, which usually means super spicy). Warning, there are soft bones in this.

Deep fried stuffed rice ball ($2.99) - 8/order. This is a glutinous rice ball stuffed with sesame paste. Sesame paste is molten lava when eaten hot. Delicious, but strangely not in the right section. I thought these would be savory. I was wrong. Cute though.

Green papaya and kelp salad ($3.99) - That was green papaya? I didn't find any green papaya, but I did find cucumber shreds. This was delicious, and very well worth the price.

Sauteed soybean slice with scallion ($3.99) - beancurd sheet, for those of you who are wondering what soybean slice is. Also a good portion, delicious, and well worth the price.

Nuts and spinach ($4.99) - This one was alright for the price. Tasty, but a tad salty. Nuts were peanuts and surprisingly, cashews. Cashews aren't cheap.

This place is tiny (although we did come with a group of 8 and there were at least 15 other people in the restaurant, so it does fit more than 6 people (See Queenie's review). It isn't fully renovated (Floors don't look finished). The service is predominantly in Mandarin. They don't serve you drinks automatically (none of the tables got drinks unless they had ordered drinks, which I find bizarre), but Chatime is next door! Despite this all, I'm giving them 4 stars because I left with a full stomach and I felt warm and happy, and for those of you who know me, warm is very important to me.
