wYrkCpUlxhb89nnNGUX4AA We almost left as soon as we walked in. The restaurant doesn't have the best smell and there was a family dining in the corner that didn't seem excited about their food.  The mood in there was just kind of blah. 

There was 1 server who welcomed us and told us we could "sit anywhere, except that table" (a large 8 top in the middle of the restaurant). We hesitated to stay even after choosing a table. The restaurant doesn't give the best impression. The decor isn't terrible, but something turns you off pretty quickly.  I was afraid we were going to be disappointed and wish we had gone somewhere else.  Despite our hesitation, we ordered a couple of dishes.  

Since it's all tapas sized plates, we figured we didn't have much to lose. If the first dishes didn't impress, we would move on. 

We started with the chicken wings & corn (which were both recommended by the server). The corn came out first smothered in delicious butter and seasoning...we were all so impressed we quickly ordered another round!  Bam!  Things are looking up!  The chicken wings came out next. Our server allowed us to split the order and try 2 different flavored wings.  We got the Tebasaki and the Thai chili wings.  Hands down, our favorite was the Tebasaki. The Thai one was just not my flavor preference but it wasn't bad. 

With the first 2 dishes down (and with a round of applause), we decided to stay and order more! We ordered the fluke sashimi special (even with the confidence in staying here to finish dinner, I have to be honest and say I was weary that the fish would be up to par. We were NOT let down!). The fluke was tender, not fishy, and so good we fought over the last piece!  

We also tried the Brussel sprouts, bacon wrapped enoki, steak skewers, and kurobuta sausage. The skewer dishes came with 3 types of dipping salts which were intriguing to me!  The wasabi salt was my favorite! 

We thought about staying for dessert but ended up opting to go elsewhere.  Overall we were pretty impressed with Inyo!  I'm so glad we stayed!  We all ate TONS of food and it was about $75 including tip.  That's a little expensive for a family dinner (two adults, one child) but we had so many dishes, it didn't feel at all like it was a rip off.  

I noticed they have a happy hour so we will definitely be checking that out soon so we can enjoy more street corn for less!  Haha! 

Service was nothing to write about, but they didn't fail to fill our waters and they didn't seem at all annoyed that we ordered 1-2 dishes at a time over the course of our hour there. Lol.

I would give it 5 stars if the first impression/smell wasn't such a turn off and the bathroom setup wasn't so strange.  You have to walk past the expo counter to get to the bathroom and both times I walked past, the cooks were just sitting there talking and it was just very awkward.  Maybe they can improve both of those things a little and it'll be a 5 star in my book!
