wYrkCpUlxhb89nnNGUX4AA I really can't say enough great things about this place. My fiance and I stopped in for happy hour because I kept seeing everyone raving about the chicken wings. How good can they really be? I mean it's just chicken wings. WRONG. They're AMAZING. I've never had chicken wings cooked to perfection like this. It is light, crispy, non-breaded, and so packed with flavor that I just never want it to end. My mouth waters every time I think about them. 

We started off by ordering all 3 and my favorite surprisingly is the Thai Chili Nam Pla. The lemongrass and chili flavors really punches you in the mouth and I love it. And I usually really dislike lemony flavored things, but geezusss. The Japanese Tebasaki is a close second with the sweet ginger soy and black pepper flavor. And lastly, the Korean Gochugaru with the Korean chili flakes and sesame seeds. (packed with a bit of heat)

Japanese Street Corn - Another surprising delicacy. It's smothered with miso butter and togarashi and then grilled to perfection. The char adds a nice texture as well on the little bits of the corn.

Squid Ink & Uni Fried Rice - Garlic is prominent in the fried rice and it is so damn good. They even add pieces of squid in the mix and they are not stingy with the uni either. I believe they use Santa Barbara uni so it adds a nice hint of sweetness to the dish.

Bone Marrow - This will be my biased opinion because I've never had this before so I don't have anything to compare it to. But my god. The fatty, oily, goodness just soaks into the milk toast. Scoop a little of the truffle red miso and you are golden.

Yari Ika Squid - Where the hell have you been all my life? It's a gigantic grilled sashimi grade squid with an insane soy butter to compliment. After done with the squid, I was just using the sauce to dip all my skewers in after.

Smoked Kurobuta Pulled Pork - This was served with 3 bao's and a bottle of Kentuckyaki BBQ sauce. The pulled pork was marinated heavily and I wish there was a little more pork because I felt like the plainness of the bao cut the flavor out.

Now to the kushi skewers.

Okra - Definitely good but would not go out of my way to get this. Probably there to accommodate any vegetarians or picky people.

Chicken Skin - I don't know if they do the flash frying style again, then throw on the tare sauce, but good god, they are doing something right.

Beef Tongue, Pork Cheek and Kurobuta Pork Belly - Delicious, tender, fatty, flavorful, etc etc etc. These will be the death of me.

Come to find out, our server was Peter, the owner! Such a nice dude. He learned that we are freaks about uni so he let us sample the white chocolate Santa Barbara uni gelato that Desyree from Gelatology concocted. This flavor will be the dragon I will continually crave, chase and yearn for. I already knew she was talented. But what the hell? How does she come up with these ideas?

So to conclude. Get your ass to Inyo and feast. You will not regret it!
