wZvSsHFU0NdyQ03625kh6g The Mr. was craving whole fish yesterday evening. Over the Christmas holiday we had a rather yummy whole fish with the family in New Jersey, so maybe he was homesick. 

More than likely, he just likes delicious whole fish.

A couple of weeks ago we had asked our favorite waitress at Thai Noodle where she liked to eat. Being a college kid, she said she spent a lot of time hanging at the 24-hour IHOP on Rainbow partially because it is 24-hours and partially because there is a really great waitress there. Besides pancake combos, she said she really enjoyed a hot and sour whole fish at Capital Seafood. I can't tell you if the waitress at IHOP is really that great, but I can give you the run down on the whole fish at Capital.

The Mr. loved it. It is a whole flounder pan fried with hot and sour flavors. It is delivered piping hot with a pile of jalapenos on top. I must warn you that the sour smell is intense if you get a deep whiff, definitely a fermented sauce lurking in the mix, but the flavor is great-- kind of like a sophisticated McNuggets' sweet and sour. (Be careful because if you accidentally order the SWEET and sour I think you will be in for a bigger dose of fermented smell. I overheard the owner tell a table that not too many people can handle the sweet and sour.) I think the sauces are more Vietnamese than Chinese, as the restaurant is half Vietnamese, and on the Chinese menu the dishes also have Vietnamese names. There is also a completely separate Vietnamese menu.

In addition to the fish, we ordered green beans in garlic sauce without meat. (Always important to make that clear at Asian restaurants.) I could imagine someone complaining about the beans being greasy because the whole time I was stuffing them in my mouth I was thinking, "These can't be good for me." Still, my taste buds approved the perfect combination of garlic, spiciness and grease. Plus, the green beans were wilted exactly to my taste. I can't stand when green beans are all waxy and squeaky when you bite into them. Blame my Southern mom for raising me on overcooked vegetables. 

The pot of white rice was super hot. The service was friendly. The food was delivered quickly. All in all it was a positive experience, but our next whole fish adventure will probably be testing out the frying service at the fish counter of Ranch 99. (That place has to be the nicest smelling Asian supermarket I have ever entered.)

The Mr. said he would definitely eat the whole fish at Capital again, but when it comes to food, we seem to always be searching for the next better thing. I am sticking to three stars because eating two dishes does not really qualify me to bestow more.
