X8c23dur0ll2D9XTu-I8Qg Ive been to my share of nightclubs in vegas (some good, some bad), but Hakkasan is definitely one of the good places to go. The place is pretty popular so if you want to get in with no major issues I suggest arriving by midnight. My friends and I went this past Friday to see Dada Life and we were in line for about 30min going through the guest list line. Our promoter was Richie Laynes and he definitely made sure we would not have any issues at the door. Thanks Richie!

Once we were inside it was insane! Like I said, the club is popular so once you enter dont be shocked if you are immediately jammed in a room full of people wall to wall trying to move in all different directions. At some point we even lost part of our group because the 1st room you enter is the Ling Ling Room and some thought that was the main room. Nope! The main room is one more floor up. But once I found all of my friends we were able to make our way up to the main room with no problems.

The dance floor was packed so we went up to the balcony to watch Dada Life. Best decision ever! Even though the balcony area was full of people there was still room to dance and mingle. Getting a drink at a bar wasnt that bad either (however, be advised, drink costs are still in the $10-20 range).

What really made a good impression to my friends and I though were the Hakkasan staff, specifically their security staff. Ive been to nightclubs before where the security staff thought they were the best people on Earth, but at Hakkasan the security guards were just like regular people. I got the opportunity to talk to a few of them as the night progressed and I cant say anything bad about any of them. Every security guard I talked to were just some of the most genuinely nice individuals I have ever met (and if you've ever been to a vegas nightclub you know this quality is a hit or miss pending on the location because there's a lot of fake people in vegas). So to Elaine Codilla and her security staff, thank you for making sure my friends and I were safe the whole night and for taking the time to talk to us!

In the end, I recommend going to Hakkasan at least once while you're in vegas. If anything, do it just for their DJ lineup! Tiesto, Dada Life, Danny Avila, Calvin Harris, Fergie, Nervo, Moby, Steve Aoki, and Hardwell?! What?! That's insane!
