X8c23dur0ll2D9XTu-I8Qg I've been to Hakkasan twice. First time was great, went to see Tiesto on a Friday in May. Packed but not too badly overcrowded, you could actually go up and down the dance floor, and by the end of the night I got to the 1st row right by the DJ booth. Ended up going by myself to see Tiesto since I happened to be in Vegas that night. Purchased a presale ticket, went in without too much wait around 10PM. Had to wait 3 hours until Tiesto came out, since big names start around 1AM to close. 

Second time was on a Saturday in July. NUTS!! My husband and I were on the guest list and got there right on time, since around 12:20 they closed the guest line right behind us. We had to wait about 20-30 min to get in. Then around 1AM it go SO ridiculously crowded we couldn't move. They don't allow you to stand in the stairs for obvious safety reasons, but there was nowhere else to go! Where are we supposed to go?? They let us in but then we couldn't stay anywhere close to the dance floor, which was so packed they were not allowing anybody there anyway. Tiesto came out and I was SO excited, but I couldn't even see him at all in spite of my high heels. That's how crowded it was. We kept getting bumped into by wasted people and it was only around 1AM...Decided to check out the upstairs. You can't get anywhere close to the viewing area up there unless you have a table (which will run you several thousand $$). No screens, no experience, nothing. It was so incredibly packed, we decided to leave after only around 45 min. SO BUMMED. We went to Vegas just to listen to Tiesto drop some beats, which he is amazing at, but the club is having trouble handling the crowds. 

Just don't allow so many ppl in!! I know it's big $$ but I'm sure the club was way beyond safety capacity that night we were in. It was just nuts. You could barely stand without moving. No room to walk around, much less to dance or go get a drink.

Everyone seems to be OK with it as long as they don't purchase a table. I'm sorry but if I'm going to pay to go into a club, I'd like at least some kind of experience and for the club owners to show some respect for the clubbers.

Worst part is, I know I'll go back because of the awesome DJ line-up they have, but I'll try getting several ppl to go with me and maybe we can book a table. This last time was just miserable.

:-(
