X8c23dur0ll2D9XTu-I8Qg We had just experienced Tryst the night before and my friend and I were excited about trying this club that was featuring Tiesto.  I admit I did not know who Tiesto was, not being of the club scene, but I was told he was quite famous.  So we ordered our tickets on-line to pay the discounted $50 cover. Yes. That's discounted.  It would also allow us to get to the front of the line.

So we get there around 11:00 p.m. and trying to find the Will-Call line took us and a few other couples a few minutes to find.  Clearly marked signs would have helped.  We come upon this young lady carrying a clipboard, who apparently was hating life, if I judged her facial expression correctly.  Cold and bitter cannot even begin to describe her look. She asks for our names and we give her my friends name who bought the ticket. 

Her:  "There's only one name on this purchase."
Us:  "Yes, but there are 2 tickets purchased"
Her:  "But only one name"
Us:  "When we bought the tickets it didn't allow us to enter the guests names"
Her:  "Let me look at your email confirmation"
Us:  "Here" - we show her the screen on our phone
Her:  Flips through the pages on her clipboard
Her:  Looks at us - as if she'll see our names printed on our forehead I guess
Her:  "Fine.  Just go."

The warmth of her words made me feel sooooo giddy. 

And that wasn't the only bad encounter we had with Hakkasan staff.  The elevator attendants, and those silly guys walking around with the flashlights.  You're all rude. One of those guys actually pushed me to the side when I didn't move fast enough out of his way.  With the exception of the African American security guy on the 1st floor, and the African American elevator attendant (1st elevator).  Those two smiled and joked with us.  The others literally were rude and condescending.  

If that wasn't bad, it was apparent this place was seriously over packed. You could not walk without getting pushed and shoved and stepped on.  I felt like a little puppy in the middle of the pacific ocean!  We got to the 5th floor where it was less crowded.  

I will say that Tiesto was good...as much as I can say about DJ's.  Honestly, though.  I don't know how anyone can enjoy themselves unless they purchase those extremely expensive bottle service.  No chairs.  No view because the VIP sections take up all the balcony...the lights were interesting to watch though.

Coming back?  No. Way.

Note to Hakkasan Management:  We were there August 9th.  You may wish to discuss with that young lady, her lack of professionalism and non-existent customer service skills.
