X8c23dur0ll2D9XTu-I8Qg Upon first approaching Hakkasan, you are instantaneously in awe over the entrance.  It's massive.  So massive in fact - you can fit the entire white house + some, inside of the space  Gorgeous blue waves reflect off the elevated cement walls.  I'm not a fan of all the randomly placed steps inside the club, but most of the security guards carry flashlights to help ladies navigate in their heels (thank goodness).  This was one of the first clubs I have been to where the bouncers were actually nice - so I give them a lot of credit for that.  Just about every guest who entered the club got a sincere smile and welcoming.  The elevator staff was engaging and friendly too!  

My favorite part of the club was the back room on (what I believe to be) the 4th floor - may have been third floor.  Gorgeous ferns garnish the walls with thin waterfalls separating each individual plant.  The design is gorgeous and the plants make the halls smell like you're walking through a tropical rainforest.   
 
The main dancing floor houses the DJ booth, which is definitely highlighted as the main feature.  Wooden designs are carved throughout the walls and the ceilings.  The dancefloor was a bit small in my opinion,  reminded me of Tryst.

We walked through the entire club, stopping at almost every bar along the way.  I could see the bars being hard to get to if it's a busy night (the largest is around 30 feet in length).  

The sound is probably the best quality I've heard at a club in Las Vegas.  They have a VERY impressive lineup of DJs.  Calvin Harris, Tiesto, Deadmau5, the list goes on...  

I'll be looking forward to the opening of their restaurant.  I'll be back for this.  If you're considering Hakassan, I would highly recommend reserving a table.  Every table I saw in the club was good - spacious and comfortable.  

If you don't end up reserving a table, their are areas that overlook the dance floor that hold miniature countertops - so if you need to rest your drink, you can.  : )

I definitely rank this club above Marquee.  If you're not into the outdoor club scenes (like Surrender or XS), Hakkasan is your best option while in Vegas.

I'm looking forward to coming back.
