X8c23dur0ll2D9XTu-I8Qg Sorry, no love for Hakkasan....it is Vegas and there are way better sources of entertainment than clubbing at Hakkasan.  

After numerous failed attempts at clubbing here, I finally got the chance to club at Hakkasan Easter weekend 2015 after close to two years of trying to make it here.  I do not recall ever hearing anyone say one good thing about Hakkasan besides the awesome dj's that they pull.  It could not be all bad right?  Well when everyone you know and everyone they know and Yelp reviewers on average hate it (2.5 stars and close to 1000 reviews....that's a pretty bad average), that is when you cannot deny it is bad.  However despite that, I still wanted to go and check it out.  I am glad I did, now I can say I went and it was really not that great.  

We were lucky enough to get a table so we took the elevator up to the club and down when we were leaving the club.  The only time I had to deal with the stairs was when we decided to hit up the Ling Ling room.  I kind of wished we had stayed in the Ling Ling room longer because I personally think hip hop clubs are way more entertaining.  People watching at hip hop clubs is so amusing.  The Ling Ling room reminded me of old Drais, dark and sectioned off.  The tables have a drawer underneath the seats where you can store your stuff and they have phone chargers in there too.  I thought that was pretty cool.

Hakkasan's entrance reminds me so much of Marquee, when you exit the elevators you are greeted with a dark interior, crowds and loud music.  From what I saw there were two bars, one towards the entrance and the other towards the side of the stage.  The stage background was any typical club stage, elevated with huge screens behind it flashing various images and phrases.  The one thing I do remember about Hakkasans stage was that the Monitors for the background had a weird, creepy image of s girl in like a jester hat with what looked like venoms mouth and long tongue.  It was very weird.  Oh and it was freezing in there, holy crap turn down the air when the club is not so packed.  I was shivering.  The dance floor is so minuscule...like ridiculously minuscule to the point where you are packed like sardines.

It is safe to say that Hakkasan is one of those clubs where you need to have bottle service to have fun because the dance floor is so small.  I feel like Hakkasan is getting less and less popular every year, I mean now with the introduction of Omnia at Caesars palace which has a somewhat similar layout as Hakkasan but it is so much better, see my review for Omnia for why it is better, Hakkasan seriously needs to step up its game.  When I tried going to Hakkasan two years ago, the guest list line for Hakkasan wrapped around and around and out the door.  Granted it was for Calvin Harris but W&W were there when I went and they are a pretty good and popular Dj but Hakkasan failed to draw a good crowd.  Everyone was commenting that it was not as crowded as it used to be.  I guess all the negative word of mouth and reviews finally are starting to affect its ratio of club-goers, either that or I came on an off night.  Bathrooms are relatively clean and well monitored.  Nothing really stood out in there, typical club bathrooms, dark but at least there were a bunch of stalls so you never have to wait that long.  

Even though, most of the people in my group still were not fans and would probably not go again.  I mean it just was not fun, there was nothing really about it that stood out from all the other massive clubs in Vegas.  It was not exceptionally eye-pleasing, nor was it super huge, nor did it have a great crowd.  I would say, maybe check it out if there is a Dj that you really want to see there, but personally I do not think I would want to go back.
