X8c23dur0ll2D9XTu-I8Qg As there is just so much to do in Las Vegas, I kept asking the locals which club to hit up if I only had time to go to one. The answer was unanimous: Hakkasan!  I was kind of hesitant because it's one of the newer, and at the time, less established clubs compared to the rest but everyone urged me to go as it was the newest and largest clubs in Vegas.  Hakkasan is both a restaurant and night club located in the MGM Grand Hotel & Casino. 

The club consists of multiple levels and has world famous DJ's spinning live on the main dance floor.  They have a very efficient check-in process and security is pretty tight.  If you know a club promoter, have him/her put you on the guest list.  If you're on the guest list, the cover charge for ladies is waived and the cover charge for men is still high but discounted.  The first time we went to Hakkasan, my boyfriend's cover charge was $25 and I got in free. The second time we went to Hakkasan was on Halloweeen so they totally jacked up the cover charge for men to $75 and I still got in free. Go figure. 

Naturally, the guest list line moves quicker than the regular entry line but both lines tend to get really long and because security is tight, there will definitely be a long wait, even on slow nights.  If you're on the guest list, they double check your name on their iPads then your ID and get stamped. You then walk through security and the cashier and you then get stamped once more.  After this, you wait a little while longer for security to let you in through either a set of elevators or the staircase (the stairs get utilized more on busy nights).  

They have a nice lounge on the 3rd floor and it's usually more laid back than the main dance floor.  The 5th floor is filled with tables for bottle service and serves as a balcony overlooking the DJ and the main dance floor.  There are also tables for bottle service on the bottom floor, surrounding the dance floor. They have multiple bars throughout the entire club and have received excellent customer service from every bartender that served us.  Despite how busy they were, they know how to work quickly and still put a smile on their face all the while.  

The DJ's are amazing. I was lucky enough to be there on nights where Calvin Harris and Steve Aoki were deejaying.  The club also does confetti drops over the dance floor.  I'm sure we'll be back the next time we're in Las Vegas, it's always a good time at Hakkasan!
