X8c23dur0ll2D9XTu-I8Qg Before I start, I'll say this: I don't like clubs. I'm 34 years old and not single... So there's no reason for me to be there. That said, this review is in no way influenced by that fact.

i was a huge raver from circa 1995-2001, starting with deep house around 1994, until eventually becoming a total 'hardcore gabberhead' raver, that would wear masks with the word "house" in a circle with a line thru it... so even though i don't currently listen to EDM leisurely, i still can enjoy and appreciate that 'scene'. And i have been for years still, when certain friends want to do that for the night.

And i know the deal: loud house music that leaves your ears ringing for days (i used to be a speaker-hugging Gabberhead) super tightly packed groups of humans, hot, sweaty and lots of pushing, shoving, uninvited contact and sometimes out of control emotions.

But still... Hakkasan? Holy shit... maybe it's because Im mid-30s and a father now, that i think more about the fire hazard before i think about the 'energy'. But all i could think was "if we needed to get the fuck outta here, like NOW, we'd all be trampled in a huge bloody mess".. but i was still able to have SOME fun. But that's also because I chose to...

It's real easy to lose your cool at this place and let it ruin your night. I chose to just go with it... the majority of my party didn't have the same thought tho. Understandably so...

All the reviews you'll read on this place are spot-on, no doubt about it. And i probably brought that up about 20 times last night (when we attended Hakkasan). Like "Yep, the reviews all said it'd be like this" and "Yep, i totally expected this" but even with all that i was STILL shocked.

They pack people in there like CRAAZY! And i mean it's so packed, that NOBODY has a chance, INCLUDING staff, INCLUDING "VIPs", nobody. It's so bad that i was feeling sorry for the staff, thinking holy shit and to think these people have to do this EVERY night?! My god, Id go insane.... one elevator attendant even said "Bro, you dont even wanna know" i said "Fuck NO i dont wanna know, i've seen enough!"

i know i haven't really gotten to a real "review" of this place yet, but look... it is what it is. Its SUPER packed. A Jameson and soda is $16. There's no place to walk, sit and BARELY stand. You will be touching at LEAST one other person at all times, whether you know them or not, and at some moments people might even mistake you for a brick wall and just lean their entire body weight on you.

I think you can STILL salvage your night and have a good time if you go there already EXPECTING this. Because believe me, you won't be disappointed! But I still gave it 1 star, because well... this place sucks, haha.

Oh and dress code, you CAN wear sneakers. You have a way better chance if your sneakers are paired with a collared shirt, or some type of creative, hipster-ish outfit. Use your best judgement. You know what these bouncers, who have the same attitude with their "authority" as a TSA agent, look for in people.

And yes, forget about General Admission or Guest List, etc... buy presale, get there at 10, you'll be in super fast and you can have a chance to enjoy the place (for about 45 minutes) before it gets dangerously packed. I didnt get any asshole vibes from the bartenders, the staff was relatively cool (especially for their work environment) and the worst thing/people you'll have to deal with are drunk douchebags on the dance floor.

If you plan on dancing, plan on dancing in one fixed spot, most likely just jumping straight up and down, and not without bumping someone constantly. Don't be a dick when you're there, MOVE if people are trying to get by, and be POLITE when YOU'RE trying to get by. Remember that nobody else is happy there (except for the DJs after they cash their $16 Million paycheck, lol) and that you CAN have a good time if you just allow yourself to.

Still tho, 1 star... fuck this place, haha. Dangerous as hell.... expensive as hell... Vegas is too big to squeeze into one little hole like this one.
