X8c23dur0ll2D9XTu-I8Qg My boyfriend and I have came here last night to see Hardwell (and of course for EDC weekend), so we were already expecting long lines and the club being overcrowded and super packed (which it was), but what do you expect for EDC week? 

Anyways, as I was getting my ID checked by this one bouncer, and mind you I am an Asian female with a baby face (but isn't that quite common??), he kept on insisting the ID wasn't mine and I am not 23 years old, and I'm probably 14 using my older sister's ID. I know I look young, but 14?!?! Ouch..... I even told him I've never used anyones ID but mine, and he rudely said BULLSH*T! He then proceeded to ask me to sign my name which I did three times. And he would ask other bouncers for their opinions which all of them (in the beginning) said no they don't buy it. SERIOUSLY?!?! All I had with me was my ID, my credit card (which I showed them too), and my phone.. did they think a girl will bring their passport, their Social Security Card, their birth certificate and bank statements to a club ?!?!

So since my ID and credit card wasn't enough, I then offered to show them ANYTHING on my phone, like logging into my bank accounts from my apps on my iPhone (and I specifically said THREE accounts), I can show them the email confirmation of the tickets for Hardwell, heck, I even offered to show them all my emails which shows my name and address! I can even log into my utility bills on my phone. And I even offered if I went back to my hotel room and came back with my school ID will that work. I was offering them EVERYTHING! But no, the bouncer said "We don't go that far and deep lets do this the easy way," as he was walking me out.... He even asked me how old am I really after proceeding to kick me out, and I said 23, and he commented "so you're going to stick with that are you?" I replied with, "yes, because that is how old I am." And he laughed and said "No you're not, you are 14. You may have fooled other people, but not me." Yes, Mr. Bouncer, I feel a sense of pleasure and happiness to come see you and waste my precious vacation time to play mind games with you. I've never felt so degraded and disrespected EVER. Seriously.. I was willing to show them anything to prove it's me even going back for my school ID from my room but no one bouncer tried to help me. 

I then spoke to a security guard for MGM who FINALLY believe my ID is mine and help me talk to the bouncers and I believe the manager who was on duty (THANK YOU SO MUCH!). The manager in the beginning said he can't let me in and he would just return the money to me, and I just lost it there. They were willing to give me a refund, but I couldn't get in even though they already saw my Will Call email confirmation (which was logged into my email app by the way, not a screenshot or anything), and they already checked me off! In addition, a refund would've not be enough because I bought the tickets way in advance in January before it got so pricey. I told the manager I do not want a refund, I just want to simply get into the club and I was even willing to show him anything on my phone to prove it's me. He FINALLY said it's fine and let me in. 

This whole process took 20-25 minutes, I understand the precautions and people might be using other people's IDs, but seriously, I was willing to show them anything on my phone and even bring my physical school ID to prove it's me but they wouldn't even hear me out (except for the security guard for MGM). I don't think anyone will go that far into remembering someone else's password and usernames for EVERYTHING (utility bills and bank accounts), even logging into someone else's emails (4 emails), even making a fake school ID, just to get into the club. I didn't get any apology or anything when I was finally let in. 

Please tell me mister want-to-be FBI bouncer, how can a 14 year old be able to book a hotel on the strip on her own, have utility bills, and/or "get away" with using someone's ID to get money from banks and fly on airlines but can't get into a overpacked and overrated club? Oh, how I dislike falling into the category of Asians with a babyface looking young.
