X8c23dur0ll2D9XTu-I8Qg Jeesh.... I had really high hopes for Hakkasan Nightclub before it opened. PR was great. DJ lineup's were great. Plus MGM is the hotel I stay at every time I go to Las Vegas so I was very excited.
 
Anywho... first time I went to Hakkasan was a Friday night. I arrived really late but I still wanted to go clubbing. So might as well check out Hakkasan. It was around 2:00AM... and I was thinking entrance fee might be cut. But once I got in line... they said the entrance was $80.... wtf WHY IS IT $80 at 2AM when everyone's already inside and basically wrapping up the night?! Ugh... seriously? Welll I had no choice and paid that damn expensive ass entrance (Mind you it was 5 girls, 2 guys uh.. okay should have been like $30) . Walked inside and NO ONE was dancing. The music was okay... but the crowd was HORRIBLE. No one looked like they were having fun. No one drunk. No one trying to just have a good time. Damn.. wtf did Hakkasan put in your drinks? No matter how shitty the club, at least a few people are having fun. I found myself going back and forth between the hip hop stage and main stage, trying to catch some good music and good vibes. It was so horrible I couldn't take it anymore, left around 3:30AM. What a waste. $80 for 1.5 hours. Damn, I got jacked.

SECOND time... I wasn't even planning to go. It was my baby cousin's 21st birthday. So we got all our family to come to Vegas and party together. Had a room at MGM, but still didn't even plan on going to Hakkasan. We reserved a table at the LIGHT at Mandalay... but when I was walking to my room on Saturday, a promoter from Hakkasan stopped me and tried to sell me a table. Eventually, I agreed because he said he would give us a table for $1000. So we made an agreement, got each other numbers, confirmed, etc etc etc etc bullshit etc. So I went back up to my room, informed my family, and we all got ready and went downstairs. The MINUTE I get to the table line (mind you, I was still texting the promoter WHILE GETTING READY AND GOING DOWNSTAIRS), he texts me "bumped all tables to $2500, better go to LIGHT" What the FUCK?! This story might sound a bit familiar because Anthony P. jotted down my story in his review. He was with me and my family... GOOD JOB HAKKASAN. YOU JUST PISSED OFF TWO DIE-HARD YELPERS.  God.. boy did I loook stupid in front of my family. In the end, we went to LIGHT at Mandalay Bay... thank god my promoter TOMMY pulled through at LIGHT and got us a table for the ORIGINAL price he offered. Thanks TOMMY you were great..... but screw you Hakkasan. You SERIOUSLY came close to RUINING my baby cousin's 21st birthday. 21st birthday... Las Vegas... COME ON. get your shit together.
