X8c23dur0ll2D9XTu-I8Qg I have been to Hakkasan plenty of time in the past and my past experiences have been absolutely mind blowing. Literally having the best night of my life! The only time I go to this club is when Calvin Harris is performing. (I am huge fan btw!)  
I recently went to Las Vegas this past weekend for Valentine's Day weekend and I went to this nightclub on Friday. Going inside the club was very smooth, the people who work there were very friendly and kind. My boyfriend unfortunately had to pay $110 to go inside the club. (I think that's a bit ridiculous too be honest.) I got to go inside the guest list and got in for free. When we got there it was a bit slow because people were just getting there. I have never had this issue before but that specific night my boyfriend and I went it was overwhelming. The BIGGEST complaint I have was I felt security wasn't managing the people who were going in and out on the main dance floor. There was WAY TOO MANY PEOPLE on the dance floor. Literally my boyfriend and I had to push and shove just to get to dance floor. It was way overcrowded on that dance floor. We were getting pushed and shoved, elbowed, and stepped on. I get that people wanna drink, but I feel like there should be a no drink policy on the dance floor. The reason I say this is because people now a days are so disgusting they literally just throw there empty drinks on the floor. I had to kick about 5 empty plastic glasses out of the way. Oh and some people just dance to crazy that their drink tend to spill everywhere and get on people. Last one as well, I suggest as well there should be a no cigarette policy on the dance floor as well. There was an idiot who was super close to me and smoking right next to me, flicking his cigarette all over the place and I felt that he was going to burn me. I am all about safety first and I felt that I was NOT SAFE on the dance floor. I feel that the management team needs to make some changes. I get it, its VEGAS, but I feel like no one should be at risk because security can't manage crowd control. Something to think about Hakkasan Nighclub. Other then that my boyfriend and I had great together but Hakkasan was not great that night.
