X8c23dur0ll2D9XTu-I8Qg Hakkasan was a pretty big disappointment for me.  After hearing so many people rave about it and being there it was not that great.  Yeah the venue is pretty nice and they have a hip hop room but it was SO crowded I couldn't really enjoy myself!

PROMOTER: I contacted Dan Stak (702-824-3234) and he was able to get me and my friends in for free! We had 2 guys and 6 girls.  He was very informative, texting me to make sure I got in the right line and answering all of my questions.  He even came to find me in line to make sure I was taken care of.  I would highly recommend him to get into Hakkasan and he got me on the guest list for Wet Republic too!

WAIT: We got in line around 9:45, the line was near Rainforest Cafe and had to first wait in a small line labeled "guest list" and then move over to the "general admission" line.  The wait was about an hour until we got into the club and it did feel long but the line moved pretty quickly.  They checked our IDs and gave us stamps ahead of time and checked us out on the iPads before we got in so the process was pretty seamless.

ATMOSPHERE: Once you walk in you go around to the main floor where there is a pretty big dance floor and tables surrounding it.  Go further and into the "ling ling club" which is where the hip hop music is.  The dance floor is TINY and although it was super dead when we first got there I could see how it was going to get super packed by the time everyone got in.  The drinks are expensive and only OK, and they charge you for water!!  Another sucky thing is that there is a lot of fog everywhere so pictures are horrible! They have this weird fog/haze in them that is hard to edit out :(

Hip hop room music wasn't bad, they start out old school and then move into more modern stuff but we left around 12am to go to the EDM room to see Martin Garrix.

The EDM room seems big but is super crowded.  I found a spot and didn't want to move because it would be IMPOSSIBLE to get back into the crowd.  No room to really dance but merely stand there and maybe wave your hand if you can.  People are kinda pushy and spill drinks easily -_-.  I left at 1:30am because it just wasn't fun anymore.  

Overall, if you want to check it out to say you've been there maybe wait until it dies down some.  The venue is really pretty and nice but it's just so crowded so you don't have space to even enjoy the good hip hop music.
