x9SL1nCaUYM4JP91UrVkxQ One to check off the list; it is worth a try. Definitely not a cheap eats but glad to have the experience under the belt. The service is typical of a fast pace canto restaurant, you'll get what you need and fast. Pricing is a bit steeper than most in comparison. Most first timers would definitely come for the chicken stuffed with sticky rice and the winter melon soup, these require to be preordered. 

We ordered the sticky rice stuffed chicken, the winter melon soup, an onion ginger 4lbs lobster, a fried Cantonese chow mien, and a veggie stir-fry. This was definitely enough to feed a family of 6 full grown adults. Overall, there is nothing hugely problematic with the food, most are well prepared and typical. Actually, that's probably my biggest impression of the restaurant. I came in expecting to be wowed but left with a minimal impression. 

To start off, the chicken stuffed with sticky rice. Expensive as it may be, I get why it's priced the way it is. The chicken is mostly deboned. The sticky rice the cooked to the right consistency and flavourful. The chicken itself wasn't dried and skin crispy. However, the meat is very underwhelmingly unseasoned. Once you get through all the rice and skin, the bland meat of the thighs, legs, and wings left much to be desired. A dusting of salt is much needed. 

The wintermelon soup was not a cheap eat either. Though it's filled with pork meat (likely young ribs), dried scallop, and other seafood, I had a hard time justifying the price. It was a nice touch to serve the wintermelon in its own peel and whole, but it's pretty much for aesthetic. Nothing to complain about just the price.

The fried chow mien, stir fried vegetables, and lobster once again basic, you get less toppings on the chow mien than other places, but the flavor and texture were decent. Be advised, it will be an additional $10 for HK chili styled lobster.

Ended the meal with complimentary red bean sweet soup. Overall, it an experience worth trying. I definitely feel that there are better places and worse places - it didn't really left much of an impression.
