xb0a9XiNMbdXo19WTOGHuA Apparently, this is the newest of the Spring Rolls in the area. Although I don't live in the Toronto area, my wife and I do visit quite often to visit my brother and sis-in-law in Brampton.  I've been to the Spring Rolls at Erin Mills, and thought it to be quite nice... so I was curious about this new Spring Rolls in Bramalea. We went for dinner on a Friday evening and I was quite looking forward to it after having spent the day in the car driving from Charlotte, NC.

The food was on-par with what I've had at the other Spring Rolls - about mid-way between above average to pretty darn good.... but nothing outright amazing.  I ordered a couple different sushi rolls that were definitely A+... very nice, fresh, well presented and very tasty.  But the dish my wife ordered was more in that "above average range" that I would normally associate Spring Rolls with.

The decor of this Spring Rolls is VERY nice.... they've worked hard on that... perhaps too hard... because the one area they were lacking was the service.  Perhaps they should work on that.

It was with the service that our whole evening fell apart - our server basically ruined our evening and turned what normally would be a 3-4 star review into a one star review..... yes, it was THAT bad.  

We were seated quickly by the hostess, but that is where the good service ended and the nightmare began. After waiting 7-8 minutes (which isn't really that long, but an eternity when waiting to order drinks) our waiter came over, introduced himself to us and let us know of the drink specials. My brother had been having a few beers with his yardwork earlier in the day, so as a result, I was driving this evening. Not wanting to get a DUI in a foreign country, I opted for tea, as did my bother and sister-in-law, and my wife had water. We were all planning on hitting the adult beverages once back at my brother's place, catching up, as we don't see each other that often.

As we placed our drink order with the waiter I thought I detected, oh wait, what was that.... just a *hint* of attitude?  What?  Disappointed none of us are going to be boozing it up and turning that $100 meal into a $200 meal eh?  This was slight, but clearly perceptible to me and was shades of the evening to come.

From there on it was just slow, crappy service all night.  Our drinks took forever to come, our food came out dis-organized (although we did get the correct dishes (which under the circumstances was good), the food-runners came to our table a couple times with other people's food - clearly our waiter cannot communicate to his runners).  With my wife's calamari and mine and my brother's sushi, he did not bring the sauce for her calamari, nor any soy sauce for the sushi. It took him several minutes to check on us to see if all was ok (obviously it was not) and close to 5 minutes to return with the appropriate items, all the while we sat and stared at our food.

All the while, NEVER once did we hear an apology from our server.....  so one can only assume this was all business as usual for him.  My advice to him would be, if you don't want to work in the service industry, don't!  Clearly he does not care about his job one bit.
