5aGYZbjkXpCecz4QH2ZKFg I wanted Bill Spoons today, but didn't have cash and was too lazy to drive to an ATM. I'll see you next time Bill, next time. So, Chinese it was! 

3.5 stars to no avail so 4 it is. Dragon Buffet isn't the greatest place, but its far from being the worst. It is though, my preferred Chinese restaurant in the Billy Graham area. 

Typically, I too normally avoid Chinese buffets, less tin tin. Dragon Buffet though, is a restaurant in which I prefer the buffet. All of the dishes I've ordered off the menu here have been horrible. Orange chicken was atrocious. The sauce they use for their sweet and sour dishes taste nothing more than diluted strawberry jam. Hot and spicy beef was lacking the spicy and the flavor. So, I avoid the menu altogether and go straight to the buffet - even for my to go orders. 

Their buffet offers a nice variety of items. Mongolian beef, sesame chicken, and the usuals etc. but I have my favorites:

#1 is the buttered shrimp. Can't go wrong with tempura fried shrimp! 
#2 is the Indonesian or Malay chicken..I think. My memory fails me worse than I failed the series 7. I forget if it was malay or indonesian and I was just there an hour ago, lol. 
#3 is the fried rice. Abnormally brown as heck, not the greatest tasting and greasier than fried chicken, but dang I can't get enough of it. 
#4 (kudos if you caught this earlier, lol) is the fantasy chicken. I can only eat one or two pieces though. This chicken is made in a sweet, I think mayonnaise type sauce. Very strange, and unique. It isn't the greatest, but different. 

And all else, I get a sampling of the potatoes, mushrooms, and cabbage. Sometimes I get the imitation crab bake that looks like a casserole. This too has some type of sour cream or mayonnaise sauce. It is unique but isn't for everyone though. 

They have been recently offering pad thai at the buffet. But the pad thai is made with clear vermicelli noodles. That should be a crime. It looks strikingly similar to a Filipino dish called pancit. In fact, it taste more like pancit than pad thai too. Skip that. 

Today I also saw a new item, the shrimp biscuit. Dough stuffed with some type of shrimp and mayonnaise concoction. Different again, but I didn't like this one. 

I also asked for a cup of hot oil/chili today. It was interesting. Call me crazy, but it tasted like the chili on the outside those mexican mango chili lollipops. I dunno if that's a bad thing? 

To go orders at the Buffet cost $3.95 a pound. If you splurge, you might end up with a $15 dollar to go box. If you only get what you want and don't fall victim to temptation and pack a sampling of everything thats out, you can make out pretty well. 

edit - service is always good here.They are very friendly and the restaurant is very clean too. 

All in all, Dragon Buffet isn't the best chinese place, but I've acquired a taste for it and can't seem to get enough.
