XETJL05OGIi-WliFzgk7cg Short Version:  1st visit offered bad service, no value and I was waaaay over charged.  My $8.80 two entree meal became an $11.80 one entree meal for no observable reason.  Terrible experience. 

Long Version:
I clearly should have read these reviews BEFORE trying this place. I will spell it out. Hash-Tag-Fail. 

The generic "Chinese" food was well....generic.  

The silly format of ordering was not explained well.
Panda Express makes you select "entrees" not proteins.  I'm not sure they understand what entree means.  Also, that's a french word, why are they employing it in a chinese restaurant?

I just said that I wanted one protein(shrimp), some veggies and some noodles.  Seems like a reasonable selection for chinese food.  The minimum "entrees" you can order are 2.  Since I only wanted one protein I thought there would be a cheaper option.  I was wrong.  They just substitute the tiny scoop of broccoli in place of a beef or chicken option.  
Ok fine, that's just the way the menu is set up.  Terrible, but it's the way it is.  It's only $8.80 anywyas...EXCEPT!  then they charged me an EXTRA $1.50 for the shrimp I selected as my one protein.  

To recap, I have chosen less items then they are charging me for PLUS paid a premium for the one "entree" I did select.

When I brought this to the attention of the staff they just looked bewildered and said that's just the way it is.

On top of this, the lady behind me had some sort of mix up and they immediately gave her a free entree voucher!!  Are you kidding me?!?!

What ever...I will not come here again.  Lesson learned.

If that wasn't enough as I finished eating, (who I assumme to be) the manager brought 3 staff members out to the dinning area and sat them at the table beside me.  He then began to discuss HR problems about how the feud between the two useless girls up front had started to affect the customers and service.  

I only have a 1/2 hour for lunch otherwise I would've just joined in on the meeting.  It's not like they cared about employee privacy in any way.  

I made a mistake choosing this place to eat.  They are doing me a favour in the long run I guess by encouraging me to just make my own damn food.  

Thank you for being Terrible Panda Express.
