XlUuMGMvkzy_QLAUTEe-fw Its TST - Two Star Tuesday again!!!

I saw my yf Philip T's review, and I said I have to hit this dumpling place the next time I am in the Ninth Island.  However, I wish I didn't.  Dumpling King is on Spring Mountain Road, 2 miles west of the 15 in Vegas.  Spring Mountain is a mecca for good Azn food in the area.

Five of us ordered the baked yolk coated pumpkin ($9.99), salt & pepper squid ($14.99), braised eggplant ($8.99), shrimp fried rice ($8.95), green onion pancake ($6.99 x 2), juicy beef soup dumplings ($9.99 x 2), and shrimp, egg & leek dumplings ($8.99 x 2).  

First of all, the pumpkin was very unique.  It had the texture of potatoes that had been baked, but tasted like they were fried.  Nonetheless, I wouldn't order this dish again:  3 Stars.  On the other hand, the squid didn't taste like the salt & pepper versions I have had anywhere else.  Additionally, it was overpriced:  2 Stars.  In contrast to the first two dishes, the eggplant was very good.  It wasn't overcooked or drowned in oil like many places:  4 Stars. 

Fourthly, the shrimp fried rice was dry, and didn't have much shrimp or flavor.  Luckily, it didn't cost much:  2 Stars.  Fifthly, the pancake was pretty bad.  It had too much batter, although the portion was large.  It was a poor representation of a basic dish:  2 Stars.  Contrasting the previous two bad dishes, the signature beef soup dumplings were excellent as advertised.  The dumplings were super moist, and the soup was really flavorful.  Think Mama Lu's XLBs (Monterey Park, CA), w/o the tins:  5 Stars.  Lastly, the shrimp dumplings were just OK.  They really did not have a special taste:  3 Stars.

Regarding the ambiance, it was odd to say the very least.  The chairs were decorated in a bright, reddish flower motif, and there were Christmas decorations present:  Garland, poinsettia looking things and a door w/ a cover saying "Merry Christmas".  However, it was not garish:  3 Stars.  On the other hand the service was terrible.  We were not offered tea, and had to ask for more water & napkins.  However, when we asked the helper w/ the cross earring for the latter two items, he only brought napkins.  The nice lady (prolly an owner), who took our order couldn't make up for the $hitty service:  1 Star.  Lastly, the kitchen was rated 1 Star because the order the dishes arrived.  The rice arrived first, and the dumplings did not arrive together.  The order made no sense at all.

Sorry, Philip.  But DK was a big disappointment except for the soup dumplings.  The service was fukn horrible.  There is NFW I would return here!
