XRYBvFFBNOUZT5NFqyS53g We came in at around 9 at night. The place was difficult for us to find with the lack of lighting illuminating that area of the plaza. The place was decorated nicely, and the booth seating was very comfortable! I think since the booths were draped with these decorative curtains we were not in sight of the server, so we would have to wave him over whenever we needed to be helped. When you order, you mark on a laminated sheet with a dry erase marker. I thought that was pretty clever. Although, I thought I had marked for the chicken katsu musubi, but instead got regular spam musubi. Make sure you are marking the proper one, because you're marking its number rather than it having the name of the dish on the paper. So! Onto the food:

Grilled Squid: 5/5 Good sized portion. Very flavorful, good texture.

Lychee Milk Tea with Boba: 3.5/5 Taste is good, but I'm very picky with my boba texture. Not as squishy as I would have liked. I really liked that the milk tea wasn't super sweet tho. 

Spam Musubi: 5/5 Can't really mess this one up. I noticed that the rice was topped with some sauce. Spam is cooked til warm rather than browned. I know everyone has different versions/preferences, just thought I'd give a description.

Chicken Katsu Musubi: 4/5 A nice spin on musubi. I just wish they had topped it with katsu sauce or had something on the side. Overall, very tasty.

BBQ Beef Skewer: 1.5/5 This was supposed to be free with taking a photo and sharing on Facebook. Ended up charging us. That itself wasn't a big deal, it was very inexpensive anyway. The taste was not good. They put wayyyy to much cumin on the meat, and I love cumin! I just don't want to feel like that was all I am eating. I left .5 because I felt like it was cooked well, the texture of the meat was nice and tender, but I was only able to eat two bites. Even a spoonful of rice didn't cancel it out. 

Service was decent, I give it a 4/5 for it being in Chinatown. They were very polite. 

My boyfriend and I were the only ones here, but this place is fairly new. Overall it was a nice place to have date night! Hopefully the service is still decent when they have more customers in the restaurant.
