5Dccw539NNtnyCgTu5ed5A For months I've been meaning to visit Thai House as I have lunch many times in this plaza.  I'd forget, because it is all the way in the back corner. I finally scheduled myself to visit on this particular day.

I arrived at the restaurant a few minutes after it opened at 11 am.  So when I got there, there was plenty of parking.  I walked in and my first impression was, not bad, a mix of Thai and Chinese decor.

The ladies that greeted and seated me were very nice. So great customer service, right off the bat.

Where i was seated, I was surprised to see the vinyl on the middle part of the seat, where your knees would normally go, was torn :(  That's the first I've ever seen since moving to Las Vegas. My natural instinct was to look for other things.  My eyes were drawn to the wall as they had new dish items listed which were reasonably priced.  Because the menu on the wall drew my attention, it also drew my attention to the soy sauce splattered on the wall. 

As i flipped the menu to find the lunch specials. I was glad to see that their specials start at $7.99 and includes egg roll and your choice of soup.  I figured, this is my first time, let me try something that I know which would allow me to compare the dish to others. I ordered the Pad Thai with chicken, one of my all time favorites.

While waiting for my order, I go to the restroom.  The restroom is in the back of the restaurant where you have to walk past the kitchen and where all the cleaning stuff is at.  I get to the restroom where I can immediately see two stalls because the door is propped wide open.  It makes going to the restroom a little uneasy when you hear men working.  The restroom, for the most part is clean.  However, it isn't difficult to see the missing tiles on the floor.

Let's talk about the food since the experience so far is turning me off.  

Best thing that I tried was their egg roll.  Egg drop soup and fried rice was a little more on the bland side, while the Pad Thai was just ok.  It had a fair amount of chicken, but even that didn't have as much taste.  The dish itself was overly flavorful because it was overly sauced.

One of the big pluses of Thai House, is that they participate in Yelps Cashback program.  So it was nice to see I got a few cents back from this experience.

Atmosphere and cleanliness does make a huge difference in a dining experience.  For now, I'll rate this visit a 2 but I hope to raise this on my next visit.
