xuD16x4Jlc__QMtl-AY6Xg Back in the olden days, Chinese emperors had eunuchs test out their food for poisoning before every meal.  I'll leave the food poisoning up to the eunuchs and just come to sample some of the food that Emperor has to offer.

As with most restaurants in the "Rich"-mond Hill area, the ambiance at Emperor is a little nicer, the service is a little better - but what about the food?

My uncle has seemed to embrace a new found love with Emperor, and we've dined here a few times.  The service here is better than your average Chinese restaurant, but that is also reflected in the price of your meal.  There are wet towels at your disposal to clean your hands prior to eating, and they do change your dishes once throughout the evening.  Your first tea serving is also poured for you, but after that you'll need to search for a eunuch if you don't want to lift a finger?

The food here is pretty average.  The portion sizes however, are smaller than most.  We ordered a set dinner and a few extras.

The Seafood and Tofu Soup was pretty mediocre.  It was a very thick soup that was a tad on the salty side. 

The most memorable dish for me was the Peking Duck (which we got 2 ways, e.g. also with the Lettuce Wraps).  The skin was nice and crisp, and there was a healthy ratio of fat to meat.  The pancakes were also quite fresh.  However, in the second course with the lettuce wraps the duck was oily, oily, oily! 

The Crab Claws (e.g. deep-fried crab) were quite good as well.  The batter was not too oily and the crab meat was quite tender.  However, I was missing the usual red vinegar that I love to plunge my crab claws into.  Instead, it was substituted here with some sort of sweet and spicy chili sauce which was actually a nice departure from my usual.  

The Yeung Chow Fried Rice (made with barbecued pork and shrimp) for me was a little bland, and they put in full shrimps.  I think a diced shrimp would incorporate better with the other small, diced ingredients of the dish.  The shrimps stuck out like a sore thumb. 

For dessert, in addition to the usual Red Bean Soup, you will also get a plate of heart-shaped mango jello and almond cookies.  My word of advice?  Avoid the red bean soup and go for the jello and almond cookies.  The red bean soup was bland and watery.

Verdict:

This is a place that your would-be husband would take your parents to to ask for your hand in marriage; or a place you'd take your in-laws to for a nice dinner.  In essence, if you want good Chinese food you can probably find better elsewhere if you're not looking to impress the invited party.  

You may also want to call in advance to make sure there isn't a planned function with the usual karaoke set-up.  We were unfortunate and ended up dining here on the same night of a private function; and to perpetuate stereotypes there was a karaoke machine present.  We cringed every 5 minutes when a new singer came on.  Some may find opera offensive, but compared to some of the stuff I heard here tonight (e.g. a woman's mourning sobs for the loss of her child, or a terrorized cat) I'll take Puccini any day!
