xxo0GsAFxQzUGStmCG6jWw Before I start my review, a matter of full disclosure first: I am the contestant for this Genghis Grill's 2014 Health Kwest, a competition to lose weight over 60 days eating Genghis Grill once a day for each of those days. As part of this competition I do get a free bowl for those 60 days and must complete social media challenges for the possibility to win money at the end of the competition, one of the challenges is to complete a Yelp review. I will try to be as fair handed as possible.

This particular branch of Genghis Grill fell under new ownership a couple of months back and they have done wonderful work to update the look of the restaurant and up the skill of its employees, and it shows. The new bar and dining area are tasteful and the staff is excellent. 

Over the past 48 days, I have become acquainted with a number of the staff who know me by name and are always pleasant. Allen, Andrew, and Mike have always been skilled behind the bar and make sure my stays are pleasant and my glass of water is never empty. Arnell and the grill staff are always hard at work and always make sure my bowls are well taken care of and never burned or under-cooked. David, Martika, Hailey, and Edwin have been some of the best servers, making sure my bowls are brought to the table quickly and always greet myself and any guests with a smile and great attitude.

The food here is what you make of it, quite literally. There is a variety of meats from beef and chicken to turkey and calamari. With plenty of seasonings and loads of vegetables the real struggle is to limit yourself so your flavor combination doesn't overpower itself. This is one area of criticism. While some recipe cards are offered at the line, there could definitely be more, showing how versatile a Mongolian stir fry can be. Given the combinations, you aren't limited to just an Asian inspired meal. You can branch out to an Italian pasta dish with pepperoni and red sauce. You can do some outstanding fajitas or even a manly beef and vegetable with barbeque sauce dish. I just wish they had 1) a salad bar and 2) a buffalo sauce so you could make a buffalo chicken and vegetable dish.

My only criticisms are minor and I really enjoy the establishment. And don't let people tell you these places are grossly unhealthy, if you do your bowl right and pay attention, they can be extremely good for you. Even my vegetarian mom loves this place.
