5E37qENVklkwAMHmIwc_IA Note #1: China Village is strictly CASH ONLY. 

Note #2: They are located within the same shopping center as Signature Desserts and Trolley Barn Eatery and are across the road from Gil-Con Tool Co.

Note #3: During the week, they are closed for 2 hours between lunch and dinner (2:30PM-4:30PM). 

The "cash only" policy deterred Kay and I a duo of weeks ago from dining in here. Considering that I'm off from work, I figured it was high time for some takeout. 

For what it's worth, China Village specializes in Cantonese cuisine, so I tried a couple of their "Cantonese Delicacies" in the Har Lung Wu and the Har-Sue Ding. 

The Har Lung Wu is simply shrimp in a lobster sauce and measured up favorably to Lobster Cantonese, that rarity of Chinese dishes. The shrimp in this dish (and in the other dish I ordered, which I'll discuss later in the review), was plump and perfectly prepared. The sauce itself has a welcome egg flavor and somewhat gelatinous texture. 

The Har-Sue Ding is made up of pork cubes with bamboo shoots and a medley of other vegetables. I found it to a step above acceptable. My only problem was that the pork didn't seem to absorb the flavors as well as the vegetables did. Other than that it was just fine and not much more than that. 

The Shrimp With Lobster Sauce on Rice was what I ordered for Dear Old Dad (he's still MIA as I write this. Huuurmmm...), and was surprisingly sweet and candied of shrimp and vegetable. My mother liked this dish best. I enjoyed it also despite being a tad confused by it.

Also on tap were some mighty fine, crisp, and steamy egg rolls, and an order of a rather rich, caliginous order of beef fried rice, both of which were awfully edible. 

So you've got another Chinese takeout option in the South Hills, Yelpers. I just can't believe that it took me this long to get over there. Don't take as long as I did.

P.S. A sole Lilliputian television is provided in the dining room for your entertainment. Hey, it's somethin'.
