YBIhTjmEH3IEZW4Dr5ReRA Despite the fact I no longer live in the west valley, I've enjoyed dining at Wong's Chinese Cuisine over the last few years in the form of takeout. Those experiences let me know that Wong's was still an excellent restaurant. Finally, this weekend, I had an opportunity to enjoy another sit down meal at my favorite Chinese restaurant in the valley!

This was not a special occasion. It was just an opportunity to enjoy lunch with my girlfriend, some family and a friend. Wong's made our lunch feel like a special occasion! The greeting at the lobby and the super friendly disposition of our servers was remarkable.

I was introduced to Wong's about 20 years ago by a good friend. It hasn't changed much (although I noticed a new menu which highlighted several new dishes). The dining room has a timeless, classiness about it. Everything is incredibly clean and very well maintained. Consider this, how many times have you been seated and felt the urge to remark about how clean and shiny the silverware is? What does that say about the places you typically dine at?

Our group was very hungry and concerned that the lunch menu we were given would skimp on the portions. For starters, we ordered (and enjoyed) the crab puffs, pot stickers and an order of Yu Shan Fried Rice (actually an entree). The appetizers were all excellent. It's hard to screw up crab puffs, but even harder to make them this good! The pot stickers filling was a little bland but the dipping sauce helped. Also, they had a slightly crispier texture than your standard rubbery pot stickers. Everyone noticed the Yu Shan rice on the new menu, so I'm glad we ordered it for everyone to sample. It was hands down the best fried rice I've enjoyed. It features the usual assortment of veggies and egg, plus chunks of pork and small shrimp. There is a reason it's on the entree list. This would've been a great meal by itself.

My usual Mongolian Beef was excellent. The beef was seasoned well and nice and tender, but not as spicy as I recalled. And it featured a generous amount of onion, green onion and rice noodles. And those who were worried about skimpy portions began to regret all the appetizers. Each lunch entree came with egg drop soup, brown rice, a few crab puffs and a spring roll. Lunch was a great value and we took a lot of leftovers home.

As we left, one person in our group said "Even if the food here was just okay, I'd come back for the service alone!" Thank you Wong's for being the consistently excellent restaurant you've always been!
