yfxDa8RFOvJPQh0rNtakHA So anyone in Vegas understands this is a perfect spot for late nights. Do not go there on a Thursday night. I just had definitely one of the worst experiences there. 

You can tell how they divided the tables and one side were the drunk leftovers from the club. The smaller side were just regular people ready to dine. I went there after picking my girlfriends mom up from her late swing shift. We get there around 4 AM. No crowd but the security guard actually seats us which was fine. 

We sit down and were given menus. My girlfriends mom waves to her coworker that also just got off work. We were finally given some water and looking at the menu and after about 10 minutes we are finally asked if we're ready and sadly we weren't. So he said "Okay" no customer service with a take your time yadiyadiya... just left. Then comes this solo diner that sits next to us. After about 5 minutes of him waiting he was upset and walked over to the security guard. Security guards asked if he would like to start with appetizers. Guy replies "no I just want to order, number 13" blam.  Done deal. He places the order and security guard comes back to us asking if We'd like "fast" appetizers and sorry for the wait because they're back up... which is believable but.. I know for a fact they weren't. The same guys that were ready to take our order saw us. We figured okay maybe they think we're still pondering our great options at pho kim long. No we want pho homie. It's simple. Surpringly our spring rolls came out just minutes after ordering. At the same time our solo diner already had his food but tells the server "you guys forgot my drink and napkin".. they didn't apologize because they knew they didn't want to serve him as it seemed he was a "regular"

We sat there with our empty plates and half empty glasses of water. The guy who supposedly wanted to take our order then starts to clean up the table that was next to ours and the girlfriends mothers coworkers said a peep and he walked over, placed there order. Right after that the solo diner was done he paid and left. Before we even had a chance to order. The guy cleans up and another guy basically asked how much and he said zero. And the employees seemed a bit off.

Now everything was cool it seemed fine until after our meal. Sure I can understand horrible service for people who always have to deal with drunk leftovers from the club... but you sat us on a side with regular people just waiting to dine. We asked for a to go box and the check. I work in the tipping industry and understand we should tip. At least. As for restaurant tipping I truly believe that is based on the customer service we received.. I felt like we didn't get any.. so do they deserve any? Sure. I gave them 3 dollars. I felt generous. I usually double the tax but for this I kept it as is. 

I walk up to the cashier and pay with card. He rips off the first receipt and says it very bluntly "choose one" and circles the tipping options and stares at me. I say "no thank you I already tipped you cash." So he immediately steps back and calls on the "radio" which was clipped to his shirt but says very loudly where the restaurant can hear "get the money from table 6" and the guy responds "Okay I got It" cashier responds "What?" And no longer using their little walkie talkies they said 3. And everyone was like "THREE?!" I didn't realize it at the time because I spent an hour waiting for food it was 5 am. I was tired and ready to go home. It was just completely rude. 

If they wanted a generous tip they should have given top notch customer service to sober people versus kissing ass to a bunch of drunk idiots who more than likely gave them a stiff. It's a common spot to go here and I've never experienced customer service like this before. Only quality thing they had there was security.. so if you want late night food/pho with a high chance to see a fight(why else is there a security guard at a restaurant) go to pho kim long.

Smh.
