yfxDa8RFOvJPQh0rNtakHA BEST PHO IN VEGAS.

I'm Vietnamese so growing up I've had A LOT of pho (but it's true nothing beats Mom's :P) and this place is just so damn delicious. The broth is really sweet and flavorful but not in that dump buckets of MSG into the broth way. The meat (I always get the brisket) is so soft, so so soft and tender. The veggies are always fresh and even the broken rice plates (com bo nuong) are amazing! A lot of rice plates are meh with the rice being too hard or God forbid too soggy, but the rice here is always perfect. They even include a small bowl of soup broth to compliment the dish-a must. I've been here a few times and despite all the amazing buffets/restaurants that Vegas has to offer, I need (NEED) to come here at least once. It's that good.

BUT and here's a reason why this place didn't get a 5 star review (trust me it hurts me too) the service is whack. I KNOW I KNOW, this is an Asian restaurant and they aren't known for their amazing service. Anyone growing up in an Asian community knows that (Asian restaurants ARE good for cheap prices, large portions, and amazing daily specials though) but I hate knowing that if I come here I would have to wait at least an hour. Because it's so delicious though the wait is something that just comes with the territory so I try not to get too stuck on it. BUT it's not so much the wait that bothers me, but the fact that I have to keep tab on the servers to make sure they don't skip us. I've realized that despite writing our names down, sometimes the server would skip our party (happened more than once) and we would have to wait even longer because of their mistakes. We would have to remind them and they would be like "Oh sorry, looks like someone crossed it out, I didn't know" and it happened more than once. Other people would come in complaining about the wait, and they would look on the clipboard and make some excuse about not seeing the name. 

ALSO we went with a party of 6 and a party of 7 that went in after us got the table? Why? When my mom asked the lady just gave her some vague answer about another table getting up with 6 people, but they probably just wanted to seat the bigger table to get more money. I mean, I sure hope that extra one person made a difference in the budget. *rant over*

So if the service was just a little better (and less "forgetful") this place would definitely earn 5 stars. It's spacious and clean, and overall a must if you are ever in Vegas and are craving some bomb ass pho BUT you have been warned about the service.
