yfxDa8RFOvJPQh0rNtakHA I've been coming here since there was smoking allowed in restaurants many years ago I just barely Yelp and for a 24/HR Asian joint the food isn't too bad, it's good but the service is a hit or miss as well as time when ordered to table.

There have been many incidents but this last one bothered me a lot.

Usually me being the foodie, I order the food... My daughter had to use the restroom and I didn't expect my BF to order but he did and mistakenly ordered beef pad thai instead of chicken. 

Nothing allergic, just a preference... I'm usually not picky and I am behaved until treated with disrespect that I know I didn't deserve...

My daughter and I weren't in the bathroom long because as soon as we got out and walked back to the table the server was leaving our table from taking the order. I flagged down the closest staff member to correct the order and this guy gets mad. Pissed off to be exact, a highly unexpected attitude. I thought maybe... 'He's just having one of those days...'

Now, for starters, I'm in the culinary industry for a living and I know how the kitchen works, hospitality and understand how irritable it would be to have to change an order once it's already rung in and we started cooking it... We literally just took the order and the place was decently busy... 

In the politest way possible I asked: "Excuse me? If it's possible to change the pad thai to chicken instead of beef. We ordered beef by accident" 

he said "chicken pad thai?! you ordered beef pad thai"
Me: "I understand if it's too late to change that's fine"
He points his finger at me as he said something angrily to where I didn't understand him because he was walking away and hits the wall... The people next to us on BOTH sides of us heard the whole conversation. 

He literally points, walks away, smacks the wall as he turns the corner and comes back and tells me "it's too late to change, you ordered beef and it's already ready"

Just watching him, his attitude and how fast we ordered, him walking to the kitchen to check and come back telling us our food is ready before our appetizers, I knew he was BS-ing... I then asked him "if it's already ready, how come you didn't bring it out?"

He walked away saying that we had to wait... I found the guy that ordered our food and asked nicely if it's too late to change it. 

Our server said "yea that's ok, I just put the order in not too long ago... I'll go change it real quick before it is made" As I was talking to the waiter, the other staff member who was rude to us, saw us talking to the server and came and started another scene, one which wasn't needed, I didn't mention the other server until he started the scene. He started yelling saying our food was ready and that we ordered beef. Luckily our server was very calm and spoke to him even though I didn't know what he was saying, I felt VERY uncomfortable not understanding what they're saying and him pointing his hand towards my BF and making my BF upset. 

Our server apologized for the fellow coworker but found it wrong for someone else apologizing for someone else's doings. 

I believe PKL is a bit overrated and lacks consistency. I don't know what kind of service I will walk into when I come here but like I said, for a 24/HR spot the food isn't too bad.
