YjlCXwWr9xx6TnHmTFCKGQ Pf has always been our comfort food. Every Sunday we order take out and relax. Sunday June 22, we decided to dine in. Our waiter was nice, talked to much and didn't have an eye for detail. We ordered. My dish was sort of detailed, and needed to take out a few things in the end i ordered the pad tai. Once our order arrived, my boyfriend took a bight of my food. It was soooo spicy. He never mentioned i had an option to make it spicy or not (like i usually get when ordering online). So I asked for a different dish. They no longer have the double pan fried noodles on their menu, you can still order. I asked for beef and broccoli only on it. While it was being made, the manager came over. A snobby older woman i have never seen. Asked me "So you probably never had the pad tai before, its suppose to be spicy." I stated i order this every week and its not ever spicy. She rolled her eyes and walked away. While waiting I was very upset. The waiter never brought me my rice or side dish and i was starving. for 10 mins i had to watch my bf eat and by the time i received my order, he was done. I took a glance at my dish and it had EVERYTHING on it. I was specific when i ordered. The waiter didn't say one word when he handed it to me and walked away. As i realized i was starving, i tried to pick off everything. It took me forever. the waiter came over and ask if it was good and i stated " I only wanted beef and broccoli on my dish, and now i have to try to take everything off. and still haven't had a bite, so i will let you know". He said " my apologies" and walks away. He comes back and i had 2 bites, but couldn't take out everything. So I didn't even want to eat it anymore. He tells us we get free dessert since my order was wrong. We were OVER IT. Asked for the check and he still charged me for my food. I think you should be charged if you get something that is completely wrong from what you ordered. And you eat it. Long story short, we tipped him 5% (which normally we tip 15% no matter if the food is bad) But because we didn't feel like he was really sorry or trying to help us, we gave him a few bux. Try to get a waitress that is older and looks like they have worked there awhile. Try to no talk to the older lady manger because you will get nowhere with her. After 5 years of going there, i will now only be ordering take out, since they never get it wrong!
