YjPWt-V5oMkakdRWrALb8g So first of all, Honey Bun's Cafeteria is located in the Super G Mart, so don't be like me and drive around the shopping center twice looking for a store front! It's in the back right corner of the store.

With that out of the way, STEAMED BUNS! A lot of trendy and upscale Asian cuisine restaurants are starting to feature them on their menus, and they're charging a huge premium for them as well. I went to a restaurant close to Uptown a few weeks ago and paid over $10 for two teeny tiny steamed buns! If your a junkie for dim sum and don't want to take out a personal loan to support the habit, you're going to be really happy with Honey Buns!

The menu is very simple with pictures of everything they offer prominently posted on the front of the shop. Today was my first stop at Honey Buns and I tried the Teriyaki Beef, Vietnamese, and BBQ Pork buns as well as the steamed shrimp dumplings.

For the price, the steamed dumplings were outstanding. It was nearly all shrimp with the only filler there to keep everything together, great texture and mouthfeel with a slightly chewy outer dumpling.

As for the buns, you can't beat the price! $1.65 bun and it is massive, see my pictures. You could easily get two buns and a soft drink and have a hearty lunch for $5. I added soy sauce to the supple and springy buns and tore each in half to find a generous meat filling in each. My favorite by far was the Teriyaki Beef but they were all great.

As far as the food court itself, it's no frills which is fine. The market has not been renovated or updated in a long time, but by no means is it dirty or run down; just keep in mind it's not going to be like walking into a Whole Foods that opened within the year! One thing I will note is the bathrooms (located between the 'Korean Restaurant' and the Seafood market in the grocery store side) to appear to be recently remodeled. Imagine my surprise when I walked in and saw all tile with a granite countertop, clean toilets, and motion-activated sink, soap dispenser, and paper towel dispenser! Love it!

You'll likely notice when you walk in that there are two other 'restaurants' in the food court. "Korean Restaurant" as well as a counter simply named "Banh Mi Sandwiches." If you look behind the counter it appears that they all use the same kitchen space so I assume it's just an easier way to keep the lines moving based on what you're there for and organizing the prep/ready-to-serve items more easily. Also on the far right side of the food court is Hong Kong Bakery that has some amazing cakes and pastries!

Next time I'll definitely be trying either one of the broths, a noodle dish, or the Fried Rice that my Yelp Friend Hashani recommended. Special thanks to Hashani for her review, I probably wouldn't have crawled out of the comfort zone and tried this place otherwise.
