YKImxc9VimLbDl2sQN1BBQ Decent place.  I ordered delivery tonight because it's very close to my home and we didn't feel like cooking.

I'm a pretty harsh reviewer so don't be alarmed that it wasn't given 4/5 stars.  I'm not a big consumer of Chinese food, but I know what I like.  I don't even think PF Changs deserves 3 stars.  I'd take a quick lunch at China Chili over them any day of the week for your reference.

The menu was decent enough.  Most of the same dishes you see everywhere else, plus a couple that aren't as mainstream as your basic 10 item take out joint.

OK so to the food.  We ordered the Shrimp and Cream Sauce, Orange Chicken, and an order of the Crab Puffs.  Portions are more than generous.  The Shrimp with Cream Sauce was um, interesting.  The shrimp were large, well cooked, and there was a decent amount of them for the price.  I prefer spicy dishes so it was a little on the bland side for my tastes.  On it's own the dish was not what I would consider Chinese.  It was more like an attempt at a crustless shrimp pot pie than an Asian inspired meal.  A few shots of Sriracha helped a bit.  Probably wouldn't get that one again just for that.  It was ok, just not what I expected.

The Orange Chicken was what you would normally think of from a place like this.  Breaded chicken with a sweet sauce.  However, the breading was light and crisp, the chicken was tender, not dry at all, and the flavor was really good.  Could easily get 2 meals out of this dish as well.

Crab Puffs were exactly what you would expect from an average Chinese spot.  Fried wontons filled with cream cheese and a few tiny bits of imitation crab.  I will say that there is a decent sized plop of the cheese mixture, and they were crunchy and not too greasy.  Again the portion size (8 per order) was much more than I have seen at other places.

I will order from here again. Just keep in mind that I wrote this considering it as a Chinese delivery option, and it was a good bit better than many I have tried.

 Large portions, arrived in a reasonable amount of time, and got here hot and crispy.  Good value and decent food.
