YneCHzeW6wM3lsq-nb6VyQ Miu's Bistro is a very small casual Chinese Restaurant with only three booths and a few tables that fill up fast. They serve authentic Chinese and Sichuan Food. At the time of this review (3-26-17) the out door sign still says Ding Hao Shanghai and there is a Christmas tree Banner that reads open though holidays and check out new menu with new recipes. Christmas seems to be a theme at  Miu's because if you remember Miu's Cuisine then you remember the Christmas tree in the middle of the restaurant all year long. Inside the dining room is also decorated with Christmas Garland and lights.

We started with Cucumbers in Spicy Sauce. They were fiery hot and mouth numbing like they should be. 

From the owners last restaurant Miu's Cuisine I did enjoy the best water boiled fish from any Chinese Restaurant but here I wanted to have a new experience so I tried something I never had before and tried the Spicy Chicken on Bone with Vine Peppers. The woman that took our order did inform me that this chicken is chopped with bones and skin. I received a large bowl of very developed chicken liquid infused with fire and mouth numbing pepper. It tasted very citrus like to me and maybe contained cumin or something similar. The chicken was flavorful and amazingly tender but I did have a hard time eating chicken this way because of all the tiny pieces of bone in every bite. I liked the taste and fire of this dish but because of all the skin and tiny pieces of bone in this dish I wouldn't recommend for everyone. I did notice someone else in the restaurant having the same or similar dish and that person kept spitting out the bones like it was nothing. So this is not a problem if your used to chicken prepared this way. 

The woman that took our order highly recommended the Flour Steamed Pork. She said it's the most popular dish and most people love it and order two dishes so the can have one now and one latter. The tender pork is surrounded by potatoes and my husband said it was something like a pork tamale to him but seasoned different. It seems that Flour Steamed Pork is a kind of Comfort Dish.

I recently saw in the Arizona Republic some dishes featured from Miu's Bistro that enticed me but I either skipped over them or didn't see these dishes on the menu.??? 

Service was friendly and efficient ... no matter who you are you are welcomed here.

This is a place you go to when you want authentic Chinese Food and the "GEM" for Sichuan fiery hot mouth numbing food.

4.5 stars
