Yqgyx8SJ5SqFYc-4yH6Z1g I've known about this place when it opened but did not go try it out. My cousin said it was average and my friend said it had good xiao long bao. My friend is from Shanghai and travels around Asia eating. Why he doesn't weigh a ton I have no idea. So I took his advice. I think the XLB is about the same as Dumpling King. The place is very clean and has a nice modern yet classic Chinese look to it. It looks like it is 2 stories from the outside but it isn't. Parking is limited to 5 cars in the front as the beauty shop marked the rest, literally. Maybe he was a beauty school dropout who decided to be the supplier if he couldn't cut and so zealously guards his parking spots with a lawn chair and hair blower. Whatever the reason, the parking is very limited. There's a few spaces next to the alley and in the back.

The menus are really big and perfect for people like me. It has pictures of every dish. The restroom is really clean too. It's probably the nicest one in C-town.

Even though the restaurant is named Shanghai and their cuisine is supposed to be based off there, I heard Cantonese in the background so I assume it's Cantonese owners. I was pretty sure after I noticed I could understand the Cantonese music in the background. Cantonese making Shanghai cuisine? Abomination you say. Not really, the best Louisiana shrimp/crayfish is by Vietnamese owners around the corner.

We ordered the Shanghai noodles and it was made fresh. It was chewy and had a nice texture and flavor to it. Small bits of Napa cabbage and shredded pork complete the dish. It is tasty but it has quite a bit of oil. Chinese cuisine usually begins with a flaming hot wok and hot oil.

While XLB were complete and were not torn or leaky, it's not as plump as the standard, Joe's in Manhattan Chinatown. Those puppies there are bursting with soup inside. They gave us clean little porcelain bowls to eat the XLB with which was a nice touch. It was not necessary as the soup was not overflowing from the little baos. Likewise, the vinegar dipping sauce is not needed either. We ordered the pork and crab ones. I could not tell the crab was in the bao but my better half said she tasted the Dungeness crab. I'd go with the better half's palate :I 

To top off the meal we ordered the sticky rice dessert which was a "Jung" composed of white sticky rice with a red bean paste filling, all drizzled in a bed of sugary syrup composed of pieces of dates, wolf berry (goji), and other odds and ends. Dates and gojiberry are basic ingredients in any "health" dish, prescribed by the local Chinese apothecary. Have infertility? Dates and gojiberry. Weak stomach? Dates and gojiberry. Hair loss? Dates and gojiberry. Too short? Timberland hiking boots. :) Basically, dates and gojiberry are to Chinese what ginkgo biloba and echinacea are to naturopathy. The dish was made with a connection to authentic Chinese ingredients.

The words coming out of my mouth as much as they did in any Jackie Chan movie, incongruous, is that the sticky rice was good but it is a meal on itself almost. Actually, it is a meal in itself because my mom makes them and gives them to me for lunch or snacks. They usually come wrapped in bamboo leaves and stuffed with pork, salted egg yolk, sausage, mushrooms, and dried shrimp. The sweet version is dark colored green, less dense, and has a rich red bean paste filling, which I normally pass on since I am not fond of sweets. So, Would I get this dessert again? Probably not but you should try it if you have never had it before. I think they should have made the sticky rice more gelatinous to make it more dessert like.

The rest of the menu had items like jelly fish, 
Peking duck, soy sauce roasted chicken, and the fancy sea cucumber...Chinese delicacies sure to leave any American with a Charlie Brown grimace. Sounds worse then they are, I used to hate them as a kid but now I like them.

The place is very nice. The servers friendly and checked up on us. On the way out I took a closer look at the pics of local "celebrities" who had eaten here. Mike Tyson came (probably because he had a cameo in the latest Ip Man 3 movie, check it out if you want to see Mike speak Chinese) along with some other celebs?
