yvwK4MO2qnSZE5ggYGyk1A I've gotten advertisements in my mail for this place and was curious about trying. I don't think I will ever go again. There was hardly anyone there when we went inside at lunchtime. The manager seemed nonchalant about us when we walked in. At least he wasn't ignoring us but the overall sterile atmosphere contributed to my overall not-super feeling about the restaurant. Our waiter, although he was very nice, could have been a newbie and when asked of different dishes didn't really give too much detail that gave indication of the dish. Granted he probably didn't know enough about Asian cuisine to comment but it would help in the future. The less than mediocre appetizer of 4 potstickers (too doughy and not browned enough) for $7.50 gave us a clue to what was to come for our main dishes. In my mind I gave them the benefit of the doubt that it's hard to find good potstickers anywhere. But our main dishes were around the same identity...less than mediocre with flavors of inauthenticity that one would appreciate if they shopped at the Fry's "Asian" section. The garlic eggplant that I ordered was hardly seasoned while the other dishes that the others got were too Salty or lacked sauce where it needed (ie in the Curry) to soak up the rice. 

The waiter was trying to be nice and ask us if we wanted anything from the appetizer list to rectify our doughy potstickers. We declined. Ok so I thought he was done being new and trying to help the situation but later he came way too fast to ask about the check and made us feel rushed (not good). The manager came over as well to ask about our food and while I think he sensed our disappointment he didn't inquire further which in a restaurant like this where there were hardly any people dining and servers galore, there should be time for them to come and really learn about a diner's experience. That never happened. Hmm well I'm getting tired of writing negative things so will wrap it up. 

If you are interested in going to a higher end Panda Express or Pei Wei than this is your place by don't expect to get authentic and tasty food for the price you pay. I understand it's hard to get good "Asian fusion" or even figure out what Asian fusion food is but Flo's please don't call it that because of dishes like "Pad Thai" and "Vindaloo" that you have on the menu. Call it that when you have unique Asian inspired dishes and people who care about your experience.
