yWwIUmeenyAO7nwc7U0U5A This place mainly serves congee and rice rolls, not much else. No fried noodle or fried rice.

I ordered: 1) beef and mushroom rice rolls 2) Tang Jai Jook (mix seafood congee) and 3) nam yu (red fermented beancurd) soup noodle with pork

Appearance of the rice rolls was very new to me. I've lived and dined in HK and southern China for 2 years and had not come across this type of rice roll. Compared to the usual type, this one looked messy and ugly, like it was done by amateur. Kind of clumped together. The taste is better than it looks, but I still prefer the usual ones. There wasn't very much filling either. On their laminated menu, they had crossed out the original price of $3.50 with $2.50. Hmmm....I don't think anyone would pay $3.50 for this little dish of rice rolls, that doesn't even look pretty.


Congee: seems homemade, but not in a good way. Taste like an amateur's try at making congee. Texture is not smooth. It is heavy and bland, and the portion is somewhat small for $4.50.


Fermented beancurd soup noodle with pork: this was a total surprised to me. The Chinese name wasn't very clear and I thought I was ordering something like a dry stir-fried noodle dish. Turns out to be a soup made with red fermented beancurd with  thick vermicelli and pork pieces. For $6.50, this was overpriced for what it is. There's nothing special to this item and I think anyone can easily whip this up in 2 minutes at home by dumping a clump of fermented beancurd into their instant noodle or something. My vermicelli was overcooked and soft when it should be firm. The pork pieces were boiled to death. This dish was disappointing. Most silly thing is that it was listed among their 3 "Chef's Recommendation/Special" section. The other Chef's Recommendation that was also on the menu was Ginger Scrambled Egg for $5.50. That doesn't sound like an appealing offer either.


Decor is bright and clean with tables and chairs from Ikea, but doesn't feel cozy to me.


I'm not sure if this type of congee and rice rolls is specialty from some specific region of China, but it's not for me. I prefer getting the more conventional rice rolls and congees; that most people are used to, and at places that offer more exotic tasting choices on the menu.


I will not come back.
