Z4CA7jEArUT_D-1ZM4Bh1Q I'm sorry Chop & Wok, if I could have rated in half points, you would have an extra half star purely on my appreciation for the whole presentation....but at the end of the day, i'm a food guy... and the food ive decided (it took 3 tries...is a 3)

So, I work close by. I'm in early at work, and in the mood for Chinese...I remember that dinky hole in the wall I passed by on a daily basis with the giant star in front and  the remotely Chinese name. I go in, and turn right...but not before noticing that on my left is a long fully stocked bar with some crazy Rock paraphanalia hanging on the walls...a few picnic tables in between the left side and the right. Greeted by a young-ish rocker guy, who introduces himself as Jamie, who I believe is also the owner. Hell of a nice guy. I take a quick look at their take out menu...which is a very impressive selection, and pretty comprehensive collection of most fast food chinese fair and then some. I get a few standards, won ton soup, and mongolian beef. Prices are very good. I take it with me....unwrap, and enjoy...The wonton soup is surprisingly dark and stuffed to the brim with veggies. This was personally a turn off, as I normally order won ton soup for the broth, dumplings and maybe some bbq pork bits....not a garden salad. Definitely edible though, so i scarf it down and move on to the mongolian beef, which i found to be good (great portions as well) if maybe a little rich...covered in what seems to be a good thick brown goop...harkening of potential hours in the lavatory come midnight, but still definitely edible. I take a longer look at the menu...and finally "get it". One of their feature dishes is called the "Wok-Star"...and the theme dawns on marble head.... I love it...The Punk Rock collides with Chinese take out thing warms itself to me...and I remember the bar and the owner and how chill the whole thing seemed.
      So, why only three stars do you ask?

A few weeks later, I call in a delivery for my second shot with Chop-n-wok. A Garlic Shrimp dish....and quickly get a sense of deja-vu. The very same  thick brown goop that came with the mongolian beef seemed to find its way into this dish as well....

a week or so after that, I call for thirds...im in the mood for lighter (make me feel healthy) food....I decide to opt for chicken and brocolli as I know that's usually fairly light fair. Open it up and...yes you guessed it, smeared in the very same thick brown goop.

Jamie told me when I had first gone in, that the Chef, though of Mexican? nationality, didnt seem it, that he had cooked in China for a length of time....I loved so much about Chop-N-Wok in regards to the style and attitude of this place...I really wish the  guy had learned more than one sauce recipe while he was over there.

Ah, well...the bar still most definitely calls to me....and I hope to make it in at some time...I have a feeling that that experience will win over that next star....but unfortunately...for now...its gonna have to be about the food....and all I can say is thick brown goop.
