ZB4ViCkUyJ4j-cJjOQ-N4A So I have been here many times just finally writing a review.  I take a lot of out of town guests here to try something new they won't find at home.  We traveled across the world to have the original dumplings in Shanghai both fried and steamed they are street food there but to find them good here it is an experience.  We have searched the country over to find them in the US San Francisco, Chicago, New York and LA the only place that has come close was New York and LA.  So needless to say I was so happy to find better then New York or LA here in Vegas!  

The steamed dumplings (Xiao Long Bao)  in my opinion are the closest to the ones in Shanghai. Now here is the thing the fried soup dumplings (not sure of the actual name in Chinese) we have never found in the US are amazing here and just like the ones we had in Shanghai.  The owner who works in the kitchen is from Shanghai and makes the dumplings himself if you get there late they will be sold out of the fried ones.  I am almost always the only white person here so you know the food is good!   A few of the other things we always order is the Lamb Cumin and the Beef Roll also very good.

Most of the places we have found that have Xiao Long Bao the wrapping is thick, sticky and stale.  The trick to these dumplings is the wrapping is thin and it has to have an even mixture so the flavors fully come through or it is just a waste of time.  The wrapper here is so thin if you have heavy hands you will tear the wrapper and all the soup comes out!  Party Foul!!!!  So be very gentle picking it up put it softly in your soup spoon and bite a little off the top to let it cool.  Pour a bit of black vinegar in the opening and add your ginger to your liking.  Now If you let them sit too long in the tin they will start to stick to the bottom and the whole experience is ruined because you will never get any soup.  The pan Fried dumplings are thicker, bigger and have more meat in it.  You do not have to be careful picking these up but still gentle.  Do not let these sit to long either or the soup will absorb into the breading.

This place is a bit hard to find the name of the restaurant is written in chinese it is on the second floor kinda heading towards the back.  I just park of the second floor and head right in.  This is an authentic chinese restaurant so if you want nice waiters and tables that are constantly being bussed then this isn't your place.  But if you want authentic hard to find GREAT soup dumplings then head on in!
