ZcMRFFuvFt5gH2hdnpyigg I literally saw LeeLee's review of this place come through on the Yelp homepage and then placed my order within like 5 minutes of reading it. So you know, the system works!! 

To be honest what initially appealed to me about her description was yes, that the food was actually good and affordable, but also, that I could order online. Because the Venn diagram of when I want to eat basic, comforting Chinese/American food like fried rice and General Tao chicken, and when I don't want to talk to other human beings, is pretty much a circle. I just want the food to come to me while I hide and watch bad TV and recover my dwindled reserves of interaction energies, and ordering online speaks deeply to my whiny soul at those moments. 

So I ordered online from O Fuzion and it was actually fun and literally painless. They have several meal options all planned out for you so you don't really have to make decisions. I got a meal for one which included a small hot and sour soup, peanute butter dumplings, a single serving of General Tao, a fried rice with shrimp, a fried beef dish, and a serving of vegetables. I think it was supposed to come with Imperial rolls too but I was satisfied and also, as mentioned, not interested in talking, let alone complaining. Myself and a friend who popped over (fortunately after I had eaten a bunch of the soothing and restorative eats) feasted on this "meal for one" which cost me $17 plus tax and tip and arrived hot and fresh within 45 minutes of me clicking "Confirm."  A triumph. 

The Genera Tao was actually really great and so was the beef thing. Everything tasted freshly made and had big real chunks of meat which is good if you're hoping to not just eat a mountain of fried dough when you order the General. The veggies and the fried rice had a flavour that for me wasn't quite right for Chinese food, not bad just not quite hitting the flavour spot, but I dosed it in hot sauce and it was OK. Since this is a "fuzion" place with Thai food and sushi on the menu maybe someone in the kitchen has a different flavour reference than I do, which isn't a bad thing. I will totally try the Thai food the next time the "everybody leave me alone but also bring me delicious food" vibe hits. Looking forward to it!
