ZCzey5aPhd7jYIoHsUfjmQ On a spur of the moment, a few Friday nights ago, my husband and I popped into Clever Koi. This restaurant had long been on my , 'must try' list and I was happy we finally agreed to see what it was all about. We did not make a reservation and at first , I was bummed because the super friendly hostess said it would be a good 40 - 50 minute wait. I am not a patient person and I hate waiting. The bar was also standing room only. I knew that meant good things awaited us. I did notice , upon walking in, Central Bar is right next door so when the hostess took our name and asked what kind of table would be our first choice, I asked if we could leave our number because we would be at Central Bar. Well, better yet, she said she would come get us when our table was ready! About 40 minutes later we were sat in the very lively Clever Koi after she retrieved us from next door. Now that's service! The decor is dimly lit and the vibe is high energy and chic. Everyone from the hostess to the wait staff are cool and friendly. To start with I tried the Singapore Sling: gin; agricanto cherry; cointreau ; benedictine ; pineapple and a little grenadine. This drink will remind you of a beachy climate under a palm tree .. it will also buzz you up! It's a little sweet and sneaky strong. Overlooking the menu at Clever Koi, this isn't the Americanized chinese food you find all around. It's Asian fusion and very unique with some of its offerings and ingredients. I liked that the Clever Koi and its team use local ingredients as much as possible to support the local community. That means fresh and organic.
For the most part, many of the dishes are small plate in concept unless you go for the noodle or rice dishes. I seriously wanted to try it all! My husband and I started with the Soft Shell Crab and Chicken / Waffle Steamed Buns. These come out in little taco type 'stands' to your table. My soft shell crab steamed bun was out of this world with taste! It had just the right amount of alioli , cucumber slaw over this crisp soft shelled crab and at $4 the price isn't bad for getting more than one! My husband's chicken & waffle steamed bun was good, but not my favorite. The 'bun part' is actually a kimchi waffle around the chicken drizzled with chile maple and a little scallion. I also ordered the Pig Face Dumpling: These come four per order for $9. Pig Face to me is another way of saying, 'pork cheeks'. This was a steamed bun and inside was amazing tender pork and so much flavor! We shared a Crispy Pineapple Duck Rice. This dish is like crispy rice with crispy leg of duck , carrots, eggplant and mushroom and placed on the plate in such a presentable way, you almost don't want to it because it looks so pretty! This dish was also very tasty! Truly there is so much here on Clever Koi's menu , we found it hard to choose. It's a way to take your foodie taste buds on a culinary adventure, for sure , and I always recommend trying new and adventurous things like that! There are more main stream dishes here in case some of the items are too 'off the norm ' for you like Pad Thai or even Ramen, which for a second, when the table next to me got their ramen, I stared hard and wondered if I was gonna have that food envy and sorrow of not getting that when my order arrived ! Well, where as I do not even discount that those ramen bowls were amazing , my choices were out of this world! My tip: Make a reservation! You will wait on a Friday or Saturday night and likely other nights too! This place is ultra cool and has amazing cool dishes to go along with it... you won't be disappointed.
