ZCzey5aPhd7jYIoHsUfjmQ I have been to The Clever Koi 3 times now, the first two times it was, well, ok.  This last time was terrible, with the exception of the server.  My girl friend and I went in at 6:45 on Saturday.  They were very busy and quoted us an hour to hour and a half wait.  No big deal, day before Valentine's Day, we get it. We give the host our name and number so that she may call us when our table is ready.  We went next door to the little wine shop, which is awesome by the way, split a bottle of wine and had some snacks.  An hour and forty minutes later we walked back over to ask about the table.  The host said that she had called 3 times, receiving a messaging saying my phone was out of order.  I immediately had my girlfriend call me, it rang right way.  I really do not think she even called. I also made sure the number was written correctly on the wait list and it was. 
We sat down at a table on the patio, ordered some drinks and appetizers.  The drinks came out quickly which was nice, but it took 39 minutes for our starters to hit the table.  No matter how busy you are, that is a very long time.  We also ordered the duck curry, that only took about 20 minutes to arrive.  Unfortunately we did not enjoy the flavor very much, or the very small about of duck that it was served with, so we kindly sent it back after only a few bites.  It was removed from our bill and we were very thankful. 

My biggest issue is that in events like this, the manager should come over and at least let you know about the wait and/or apologize.  Not that it is their fault, they can't control the back up in the kitchen, but, it doesn't hurt to touch a table.  

The manager only came over after we had paid and we were standing up to leave.  His comments were short, and there was no apology. If anything it was more of a questionnaire with excuses tied in. Doesn't matter.  

My girlfriend and I have more than 20 years of upscale dining management combined.  We know very well that the job is to "recover" a customer if you will, when you know about a poor experience.  I wish things would have gone differently at The Clever Koi.
