5Lcit9Zt6TF9bmKoFMhF0g Every time we go to Vegas, we always buy pastries and buns from Diamond Bakery.  Right next door is Noodle Pot, and I always peek in and want to try.  But I always had a full stomach.  This time, I finally got to try it!  Yaaayy!!!

Right off the plane (red eye flight), grougy, tired, and hungry, we had to kill time before picked up Aunty and Uncle and check into our hotel.  So we bought our buns from Diamond and waited till this place opened at 10am.  

So we had the following:

Stewed Beef Soup Noodle - The beef noodle hit the spot!  Wow!  The taste is just so warm and satisfing.  The noodles are cooked just right - a little chewy and not over done.  Soup has flavor like I remember from Taiwan.  Also, has a little sour cabbage for  some BANG!

Beef Wrap - Almost like Peking Duck, but wrapped in a tortilla and uses beef instead.  It has the tortilla wrap, hoi sin sauce, egg, thin slices of beef, green onions, and chinese parsley.  We ordered this on the recommendations of yelpers.  Thought it was not bad, but nothing special.

Spicy Shrimp Won Tons - This was ok.  Imagine the shrimp won tons you get in won ton mein. Take out the noodles and the broth.  Put it on a bed of vegtables (bak choy) with oyster sauce and chilli sauce.  That's basically it.  Since I make won tons at home, this dish didn't raise my eyebrows.

Later in the trip, we came here again Aunty and Uncle.  We had to share our latest find, since last time in Vegas I took them to eat Taiwanese food, I failed.  If I failed this time, I would have to treat Uncle to our next trip to Vegas.  This time we ordered the following:

Stewed Beef Soup Noodle - A little spicier than last time, but since I can handle spicy, it was still really good!

Beef Wrap - Aunty and Uncle liked our leftovers when we picked them up after the first day, so we ordered it again.

Steamed Dumplings with Nappa Cabbage - I love dumplings!  Really good size, filling is really good!  Texture is not mushy, so yummy!  Put their homemade chilli sauce on the table, and tastes even better!

Steamed Shrimp Dumplings - I love more dumplings!  Inside has shrimp and chives, and other things that make it tase delicous!  Cooked to perfection.  Did I say I love dumplings?

So how did I do with Aunty and Uncle?  Let's say, that Uncle should pay for my trip back to Vegas!  Too bad I didn't make that bet with him!  I think they'll be back!
