ZDDzKXN_JXe7694zePRuTQ Wait wut? There is actually such a thing as good bubble tea? Good as in, better than the flavoured powder stuff I grew up with? 

It drives me nuts how much friends rave about Chatime or post pictures online of their order--you don't see me taking snapshots of my unremarkable Starbucks cups. Hell, I do not understand what's so damn great about Chatime that drives fans crazy for it--must be an in-crowd cult thing. It drives me even more nuts explaining to non-Asian friends why what's with the name. 

Maybe Starbucks is a good analogy to what Chatime is to the boba world. If the overwhelming menu (most Asian tea diners have hefty menus) isn't enough to crash your mind, now throw in the whole ice and sugar business, which can seem more complicated than a complicated Starbucks drink. 

Ordering can be daunting for the uninitiated, but the gist is this: you can customize the level of sugar (full sugar, half sugar, 30% sugar, etc.) and ice (no ice, lots of ice, etc.) in your drink. Thus, an order could be stated accordingly: "A regular peach green tea with no ice and half sugar, and grassjelly." I find that all levels of sweetness is a lot for me. Since I have not ever ordered anything without specifying the two parameters, I don't even know what you get if you didn't--like what's the default ice and sugar?

Let's not forget the add-on treats. For 50 cents extra per, throw in some pearls (tapioca/'boba'), and even grass jelly and aloe vera. A single drink will cost in total at least $5, which sounds a lot for bubble tea... or about on par with a typical Starbucks drink.

The staff are quick with their hands and get orders going fast, though they're not one for questions nor a conversation. On a typical day there will be a lineup. It looks short, but looks are deceiving--a line from the counter to the rear wall can be 15-20 mins long. There are seats, but often they are empty. 

We are not anywhere near Chinatown, and yet there's a small pocket of such bubble tea shops in the area. Chatime is the big name on the stage, but for all its worth, I just don't get what the hype is about or what makes it the best. The drinks didn't blow me out of the water nor feel like a crack addiction, certainly not when everything is too sweet. Nonetheless I get mesmerized by the sweet smell of boiling tapioca and red bean as I wait in line. 

I miss spitting pearls at friends through the fat straw--do kids still do that?

{TTC (this location): whatever gets you to Dundas and Bay, usually it's the 505 or the Bay bus.}
