ze-xCiBLB-QSfNXHiPY5Qw We just ordered from L's for the first time. We ordered delivery and we were quite impressed!! We just finished eating 5 min ago and I felt compelled to write a review right away. L's opened recently -- it seems to have replaced the chinese place Holima (they even keep the same phone number). Good move too, since Holima was terrible.

(prices are as of June 2013)

Spring rolls and egg rolls ($1.20 each) -- were both very good, although about the same as basically every other chinese place. Still quite tasty. I like how they asked if we wanted vegetable or meat inside the egg rolls -- rather than just assuming. It's those small things that make a difference.

Har Gaw and Sui Mai ($3.25 each) -- these are two dim sum appetizers traditionally served together. We were impressed with both. Being more of a pork fan, I preferred the Sui Mai (very tasty), while my roommate preferred the shrimp-based Har Gaw. Either way, both were prepared very well, presented nicely, and were nicely seasoned. You get 4 of each per dish.

Shrimp Fried Rice ($7.95) -- I actually liked it. It wasn't like COVERED in soy sauce or whatever else other chinese places use, in which it ends up dark brown, and ends up very salty or heavy. Here, it is white, and seemed closer to steamed rice, but with nice flavour. You get quite a large quantity, too.

Spicy Eggplant and Minced Pork  ($8.95) -- quite tasty! One of the better dishes I've had from a chinese place. Nice flavour, just the right level of spice! Maybe a BIT too "soupy" in texture, but it was very saucy which I liked. The portion was enough to feed me and my roommate for both lunch and then later for dinner.

What else to note?

- There were zero errors with our order, both in terms of the food and the pricing
- Free delivery over $20 is a nice touch (I hate delivery fees)
- The delivery guy was very friendly, more so than others I've dealt with
- It took a little more than the half hour we were quoted, but that's no big deal

Oh, and by the way, their website is great! I checked it out after ordering and was very impressed!

OTHER RESTAURANT WEBSITES: LEARN FROM L'S! NO FLASH! NO GIMMICKS!

It was just a clean, well laid out site with the full menu in plain text (with prices), as well as their hours, contact information, and location with a map link. That is literally all you need!

My only main complaint may be the price -- it's probably on par with other chinese places, but still too much. $8.95 or $9.25 for each entrée added up quickly.

Overall, I was very impressed with L's -- as I continue on forward and go back to L's (which I am sure we will), I'll try new stuff and I'll update my review.

*** Update: 3 weeks later ***

We got delivery from L's again. We got some new items:

Hakka Chow Mein ($8.95) -- I was not impressed. Rather plain, not enough flavour. I guess it was fine, but nothing I'd get again.

Pan Fried Pork Dumpling ($4.50) -- quite a tasty appetizer. You get 5 in the order. They have a lot of pork inside. Nice flavour, pair well with soy sauce.

Singapore Style Fried Vermicelli ($7.95) -- tastes good, but not spicy enough for something with a spicy symbol next to it. It was serviceable but could've been better.

Manchurian Style Fried Rice ($7.95) -- wow that was delightfully good! The rice is like a DEEP RED in colour, and has a great type of spice, and a ton of flavour.

General Tao Chicken ($8.95)  -- very good. Similar to other places that serve the same item. Good use of ingredients to make the sauce.
