zgQHtqX0gqMw1nlBZl2VnQ I find myself in a strange situation in doing a complete re-write of my review for Momofuku Noodle Bar. First, a bit of backstory.

My first review gave the place 3 stars and I had expressed a great dissatisfaction with the contrast between the quality of the food and the price being paid for it. I had concluded by saying that while the food is pretty good here, there are better and cheaper alternatives.

After writing the review, I was invited to return again in order to spend some time speaking with one of the managers and to be offered a few items off the menu that are being developed for their updated menu which is likely now updated.

To start, I had a great time speaking with and getting to know the manager who invited me back. It is clear that he has a passion for his workplace and I truly appreciated his desire to invite me back and speak to their choices of ingredients and menu/food design. I developed a heightened appreciation for the team behind the restaurant itself.

My wife and I were then presented with a number of dishes to eat and enjoy a fine dinner on the house.

Here is where I find myself conflicted. I cannot in good conscience improve my rating of the place because the food was actually worse than I had experienced in the past. This is not to say that the food is terrible here, it's just that the restaurant world is highly competitive and in order to receive rave reviews, the food should provide some kind of wow factor or at least be a solid and pleasing experience.

Our meal began with a starter of Onigiri followed by an off-menu order of Okonomiyaki. Our server explained that the Okonomiyaki here was exactly like her favourite Okonomiyaki back in Japan where she was born. The Onigiri was actually pretty nice but we both found the Okonomiyaki to be far too mushy. Further, the sauces that topped the pancake bottom were an overwhelming mixture of salty, sour, and umami; ultimately masking whatever subtle flavour the rest of the dish had. We were informed that the dish included Kimchi but it was impossible to detect any kimchi at all...

Finally, we shared their signature fried chicken with caviar Don. This place has become famous for their fried chicken and caviar which is surely an innovative combination, but not out of this world amazing. My wife and I both agreed that this dish was probably the best we had, but at its price point, the wow factor isn't there.

We debated if Momofuku's rating should go up and in the end, I simply cannot give it more than the original 3 that I gave it before. Food is competitive and you really need to know what the competition is doing to learn how to beat them.

After we left and went for a walk, this experience lead me to come up with an idea for Restauranteurs. I believe that owners or head chefs should encourage their staff to always go and eat at other places that serve similar food in order to know if your products stand up against the competition or not. Also, by learning what others are doing, you will gain inspiration on how to go beyond the norms and offer a truly stand out meal to your customers!
