zgQHtqX0gqMw1nlBZl2VnQ I came with group of girlfriends for Summerlicious and we all thought the food was "meh" or just okay. I've been here before to try the Ramen and I also thought it was just okay. Small portions too. The decor is nice and open, has a casual trendy feel. The kitchen is open to the patrons so we can see what the cooks/chefs are doing, which is cool. Service was quick and good as well. The food, however, could've been better for the price (especially during non-Summerlicious times). 

For Summerlicious (lunch), I tried the Salmon Crudo while others had the Inari. I can't comment on the Inari, but the presentation was nice. Apparently, it was almost like a tofu skin sushi roll with scallions on top. The Salmon Crudo seemed to be done to service (not ahead of time), tasted fresh but lacked overall seasoning. There was little smokiness flavour, could've used a little kick, and was a bit boring. There was some crunchy aspect with the baked/fried nori, but no spicey kick to it all despite advertising habarnero ingredients. Next the Southern Fried Chicken with Ssam. Being Korean, I was interested in this but it is not similar to Korean style bo ssam at all. The fried chicken tasted fresh to order, had a nice crunch, clearly did not use typical Asian Panko breadcrumbs but used seasoned breadcrumbs (Southern American style) and the drumsticks were cooked nicely. I can't really describe the sauce, which was a nice complement to the seasoned fried chicken. It had some caramel flavour but almost reminded me of those Japanese salad dressings with a bit of nuttiness to it. Also the Kimchi was good to me because it had that fermented authentic taste to it. Altogether, the lettuce wrap with fried chicken + sauce + kimchi had a nice balance. I didn't think the combination would work but it worked! Finally, the strawberry lemon truffle was just okay and super sweet. The dessert was tiny compared to other restaurants and seemed to come out of a box. 

Overall, the food was just okay and reasonable for the $15 prixe menu but other than that, I expected better from friends' raves and reviews. My friends who tried the Summer chilled ramen said that was just okay as well. Service was good and our waitress was friendly and able to explain the menu to us. We also had the Cereal ice cream (5.75$) which was tasty and unique but definitely not worth almost $6.
