zgQHtqX0gqMw1nlBZl2VnQ I don't really know too much about Momofuku, its origin, who David Chang is nor did I pay any attention to the hype minus the fact that it was an honourable mention among foodie friends of mine.  Finally had the opportunity to go, and considering the mentioned ramen places that I've visited in the places (please see my other reviews), this was up in my alley.  And thus, I don't go into places with heightened expectations so that I can objectively judge the service, the cookery of the food in general.

Please keep in mind that even though I gave this review a 4 stars, I wanted to give in theory a 3.5 stars as I do think there are some improvements that the place could really benefit from to make themselves better.

Service:  It's great.  Simply put.  The employees are very pretty attentive from the time of coming in, to during the service.  I had a massive backpack on me and they graciously allowed me to stow my backpack in there little corner where they do their financial transactions (as you'll notice Momofuku comprises of benches and tables that don't accomodate for extra carry ons).  Coat racks are also at the front for your convenience to hang your coat.  I found the staff very nice and pretty informative of what appears to be a daily menu.  Some employees even gave out certain favourites and recommendations.

Food:  This is where I find a lot of the Toronto foodie nation have a split opinion and I can kind of see why.  For a place that is titled a "Noodle Bar", it doesn't hold up to the other ramen places that have made their way into Toronto.  I ordered the Momofuku ramen ($15) and while the ingredients are cooked very well, the dish as a whole lacks cohesion.  The soup base is tasty but has an aggressive saltiness to it which sadly dominates over the entirety of the dish, despite the perfectly cooked soft boiled egg, the tender noodles and the fishcake in it.  The pork belly that was in it, was also too cooked to perfection, however, the soup base again, overwhelmed it. 

The pork buns were very delicious, a delicious bao that is paired with cucumbers, oysters and that pork was really delectable.  However the star of the show, were the pig tails which was SO DAMN BLEEPING GOOD.  These....literally fell off the bone and my brother and I literally devoured it.  It was in this fish sauce caramel that complimented so well with the pigtail and we literally raved about it to the waiter when he was collecting our dishes.  If you ever see this on the menu, it's a must try.

The dessert, which was a rice pudding, or whatever was available at the "Milk" bar were alright, although the pumpkin pie truffles that I got were good but horrendously rich (I know, I know...truffles are naturally rich) but I think I did myself no favours by having that after having several heavy dishes.

All in all, even though Momofuku has definite strengths in the delivery of their food, as a noodle bar, I feel they are slightly outclassed by the other contenders who simply put together a better all-around ramen product at a lower price.  I would strongly encourage that either Momofuku goes super inventive and create a ramen that deservedly can be priced higher or make the basic ramen phenomenal and price competitively with the other places.
