5OqrwhtZ3mcmUSwLINZTWQ Blossom is lovely, elegant, intimate, and the food is fantastic.

The dinner menu has many familiar classic Chinese dishes that you could order elsewhere for much less, but you're coming here for the quality of the food and the experience. For one night, just forget that you saw the $20+ price tag for that walnut shrimp. There are also two prix-fixe options: the Early Evening Menu and the Signature Tasting Menu. My boyfriend and I went with the latter, which offers a well-rounded dining experience.

Soup - Wor Wonton: A delicious, mellow broth with dumplings, rice noodles, plenty of enoki mushrooms, and scallops and shrimp. 

Appetizer - Goose Liver (not on the Signature Tasting Menu):  Superb. There was a sweet and savory blend of spices that complement the fatty richness of the tender liver. The flavors were unique and unlike other goose livers I've tried. 

Appetizer - Crisp-fried beef roll with enoki mushrooms: This was fine. I wasn't expecting a small meat roll inside. A word of caution: cut this sucker in half before eating. This was HOT!

Appetizer - Crisp-fried eggplant: Out of the three, this was my favorite. Pairs well with the spicy HK vinaigrette sauce, though perfect on its own.

Appetizer - Pot Stickers: Plump and filled with a lot of flavorful meat. 

Main Course - Beef Tenderloin With Portabella Mushroom and Black Pepper Sauce: Cooked to medium-rare perfection with heavy black pepper.

Main Course - Crisp-fried Chilean Sea Bass: Flaky and delectable, but it definitely requires the sweet soy sauce that it comes with.

Main Course - Yang Chow Fried Rice: If you aren't full by now, the fried rice will do the trick and fill you up. Tasty, high-end fried rice. 

Entree - Hong Kong Style Chow Mein (Seafood): Plenty of seafood and garnished with stalks of Chinese broccoli. Loved the crunchiness of the noodles. 

Dessert - Mochi Ice Cream: There are three flavors: green tea, red bean, and mango. Both green tea and red bean were delightful.

Service -  Excellent, and they even gifted a box containing a pineapple cake and sachet of tea.

Overall - I had an enjoyable dining experience.
