zgQHtqX0gqMw1nlBZl2VnQ I've heard a lot about this ramen place and finally decided to try it since I was in the area but more so because I wanted to find shelter from the rain. Anyways from the outside, the restaurant looked quite nice with the glass walls and huge decorative tree for that oriental feel. The interior didn't disappoint, everything looked very modern and clean with wooden tables. I didn't know this before but there's actually different momofuku restaurants in that one building. Each level offers a different dining area, it seems that the more fancier/higher end dining were on the upper floors. The ground floor is only for the noodle bar which is where we ate. We were seated at the counter with the high stools so I had a perfect view of their open kitchen. The menu wasn't very extensive consisting of mainly small appetizers and noodles. I ordered the Momofuke ramen (I figured it has the name of the restaurant in it so can't go wrong) and my friend ordered the chilled ramen. The speed of service was decent, we didn't need to wait long for our food to arrive. I thought the presentation of the ramen was quite nice. There were two pieces of seaweed, one egg, two pieces of pork, spicy cabbage, A LOT of scallions and a special sauce in the center of the bowl. I actually quite liked the soup base, it wasn't too salty which is a common problem with many of the ramen I've had. It's slightly spicy which I think is due to the cabbage. The texture of the ramen is more on the firm side which I personally like. I was most impressed with how they cooked the egg. It's slightly raw in the inside without being too runny while still being able to keep it's shape. The pork is quite tender but it does have a thick layer of fat. I thought the portion was just right however it is more on the pricey end for ramen ($15). I also tried the chilled ramen and I was quite impressed with the soup base, it reminded me of the soup for udon. However, there wasn't any meat and I found the portion to be smaller than the momofuku ramen even if the chilled ramen was pricier ($16). 

I would rate the momofuku ramen to be more 3.5 than a 3. I would definitely recommend first comers to order the momofuku ramen to get your moneys worth. This is totally random but they have high quality thick napkins and very clean washrooms with soundproof stalls (if you care about washrooms like I do).
