ZilzayEdyk70SoI-wruJbg I have remembered this location of Congee Queen years ago. I used to work at Yonge and Eglinton. Whenever I had to plan a trip, I'd visit the CAA around the corner. This restaurant was always busy and I have been meaning to give it a try. 

My wish came true last night. My boyfriend needed to drop off some used coats that he wanted to donate, which was along Lawrence Avenue East. He loves Chinese food, so I recommended that we have dinner here. 

I love Yelp for researching eateries. Many tips said to book a reservation. I did a couple of nights ago. The woman on the other end of the phone was polite and competent. Sure enough, when we got there on a snowy evening, our reservation was right in front of her, on a yellow sticky note. 

We were promptly seated. We actually got two tables mashed together, mainly because my guy had brought me some goodies from his recent travels and had just got off the plane to come see me. 

He was hungry. We ordered the crab and corn soup. The regular size is rather large, but it was fine for two people. The soup came promptly and the hunger pangs disappeared immediately. There were generous chunks of crab and lots of corn kernels in the soup. I loved it so much. 

We then got me our chicken black bean chicken and seafood ramen on hot sizzling plates. They were both good, but had a couple of weaknesses. Like the soup, the food portions are huge and the restaurant does not skimp on ingredients. There were a ton of chicken, scallops, shrimp, squid, green peppers, and more. The black bean chicken was tasty, but was too salty. The ramen was good, but it lacked flavour. We both figured to mix the two dishes up, which made both perfect. 

We boxed our remaining food. It was a lovely date night. The ambiance is perfect for a snowy, miserable night. 

I will return to sample more good food. I highly recommend the crab and corn soup. Unfortunately, we didn't have any soup left to take home. It is one of the best soups that I have in a awhile.
