ZilzayEdyk70SoI-wruJbg Came for Chinese New Year. Um, yes. Chinese New Year. Odd choice. S'okay. The one to please is Grandpa. He quite enjoyed it here last time, so we figured we could get away with it cuz our first choice was fully booked out.

Grandpa's opinion of the night: even better than the last time we came. He went so far as to say that next time, instead of going to one of the fancier Chinese restaurants, we should just come back here. This is highly odd of him. His logic is usually that the more expensive the restaurant, the better it is...not saying he doesn't know food, cuz he totally does.

My new notes:

Roasted pork belly/ribs: They've always had good Chinese BBQ, but this takes the cake. One of the top 5 experiences I've ever had with Roasted pork. Served hot. Perfect ratio of fat to meat to crispy skin. What I mean is that there was just enough fat that the entire piece of meat was just meltingly juicy, but just not enough fat that I wanted to spit out a fat chunk. Ohhhhhh.

Vegetarian six grains fried rice: At $11.50, I thought this was here to rip off non-Chinese people who think they're eating health food. I'm sorry. I'm a horrible person. I truly apologize. We ordered this because my cousin really likes it. He's a banana (Chinese on the outside, white on the inside...not a derogatory thing. A descriptor. I too am a banana, to some extent). I figured I'd try it just cuz it was there. It was oddly Chinese tasting. Actually, it's good enough that I might just replace my regular fried rice orders with this. Various types of fungus in here. Trust me, you won't miss the meat.

Mixed fungus and fried gluten in hot pot: At $13.99, this is a tad pricey, but it too was surprisingly good. My aunt's pick of the night. I'm a huge fan of both fungus and gluten, so this was amazing for me. It was so amazing, in fact, that today, I bought the ingredients to attempt to make this at home. Here's to hoping!

Side note: Even amidst renovations (their sign has yet to go back up), Chinese New year (when Chinese people want to go to fancier restaurants) and lots of snow (made for horrible traffic conditions that night), the restaurant had quite the lineup by 7pm. Make reservations!
