zkU-WMio8g6dpRJ2Y2xqvQ Went there last night to celebrate my moms big birthday with a table of 15 people. 

The restaurant was only a 1/4 full or maybe even less (and on a Friday night close to CNYE too). The service was absolutely abysmal. The staff didn't seem to know what was good on their menu and they originally lost my order that I placed two days prior (for half a suckling pig, Peking duck and pigeons). They eventually found it but had a hard time recommending other items. The waitresses weren't attentive even though they were standing around a lot. Tea pots were left unfilled. Plates with a mountain of bones and shells weren't replaced even though there was a huge stack of clean plates next to where the waitresses were hanging out. We brought our own bottle of champagne and they didn't chill it. The Captain woman was especially rude and lacked customer service on more than one occasion - a week prior she wouldn't help me with the menu and brushed me off to another staff member. Clearly this place doesn't want business and you can tell from the lack of filled tables there at dinner. I don't know about their dim sum as that's what people reviewed on Yelp mostly, but I would not recommend dining here for dinner. 

As for food it was just okay. The suckling pig wasn't oily, but lacked some juicy flavors in it. Was still crispy though. Peking duck was good. They included crispy rice nests along with the lettuce wraps, so that was unique. The pigeon was good.  Fish was fresh. Sweet and sour pork was unique - served in a pineapple bowl of sweet and sour sauce with pork chunks, cantaloupe balls and honeydew balls on skewers. The maggi jumbo shrimps were large but bland. I can't remember what else we ate that was worth mentioning. The birthday lotus buns were good. All Chinese restaurants should stop serving red bean soup though haha... This one was watered down. 

If this place upped their customer service, they might have a fighting chance. Now I know Chinese places are known not to have friendly service all the time, but usually they're still quick and attentive (with a grunt to get you out the door sooner hahaa). This dinner experience was just annoying. Thank God we didn't go with a banquet menu and drop $1000 on this place.
