ZpMoI5EECS6Rm7KigN1gPg Only because you can't leave zero...  Last year at this time we had an awful meal here, awful service, and I hated it.  Two days after the food poisoning at the buffet, my other half finally wants food, and bad service history aside, we tried again... (Incidentally I wrote Bellagio about my last visit right after the fact, and had no response.). He wanted something easy on his stomach...  Well, and empty restaurant at 5:30, they pack us next to... Lest than a foot from, another couple....  With a virtually empty restaurant.  During our appetizer, a young Asian boy hovered over us like a Secret Service guard, watching us eat.  Eerie...  Then both tables of food come...  And both ladies, myself and the other at the table too close for comfort had the same meal....  But the bumbling idiots serve my boyfriend s meal to the table next to us.   It sits there for a few minutes and when the gal realizes their mistake, SHE TOOK IT OFF ONE TABLE AND PUT IT IN OURS!  ( MAJOR NO NO IN FOOD SAFETY)...    When we all said that was unacceptable, the rook it back and offered to cook us both a new meal.  After a fifteen minute wait, no offer of another cocktail while I wait, we get food...  Cold rice, cold soggy nasty Generals chicken I could barely chew.  I'm sure this was my original meal...  And his looked the same, only his meal and plate were scalding hot, like microwaved...   Then to boot, they hovered and rushed, and came to clear out plates before we were even done.  And they took them!!  WTF!!  O was so hungry I would have eaten leather.  Which may have been better...  Then at then end of this $160 debacle, the server drops a nasty small slice of dry flavorless cake in front of us, compliment of the chef... Like it was his fault?  I don't do cake...  My boyfriend tried a bite and feared he'd get FP again...  Save your money and grief.  Stay elsewhere.  Play elsewhere.  Eat elsewhere.  It appears the Bellagio is so intent on taking your money and failing to provide a good time....  Try the Silverton I hear they're remodeling...  It's my next stop. Note:  I'm going to the front desk tomorrow am to lodge a serious grievance.  I will post results, so you will know what you can expect them to do when you have a bad experience...  Don't hold your breath though.  They've already got our money, and this place doesn't give it back.  Greedy bastards, even the Casino is junk these days. #placestoavoid
