ZpMoI5EECS6Rm7KigN1gPg I was so disappointed in Jasmine. My daughter and I were in Vegas for her birthday on 6/18 and after much debate she chose Jasmine out of the many excellent restaurants on the strip. We made reservations for 8:00 asking for a view of the fountain. When we got there they didn't have our table ready but it was a short wait. We ordered dim sum as a starter. While we were waiting a spider ran onto our table! Really? The busboy came over and just looked at us like what do you mean - we showed him the spider ON THE TABLE and he just kind of laughed. My daughter brushed it onto the floor ... and we continued with dinner with no reaction from the staff at all. So - the dim sum ...it was pretty good but nothing special. 

We then ordered the braised spare ribs and braised efu noodles for the main course.   The short ribs were tender but the seasoning / sauce tasted overpoweringly of 5-spice powder and nothing else. The noodles were  glutinous and had very little taste. It was no better than fast food just served in an upscale environment with the very high prices to match. If possible the service was even worse. We sat for over 20 minutes without anyone asking us if we'd like another drink or any water. We sat for at least that long again waiting for someone to clear our plates and bring a check. The busboy looked like he'd rather be anywhere but at work and our server was very nice but clearly overworked. Even the hostess was very stressed when we got there. 

The restaurant is beautiful and the view of the fountain was amazing. Too bad the food and service were the worse I have experienced in a long time. Since I only get to see my daughter a couple of times a year it was doubly disappointing. 

The one high note of the evening were the cocktails. I had the watermelon mojito and my daughter had the special drink - don't remember what it was called but it had great blueberry flavor.

Oh...I complained about the wait but even terrible service and the spider didn't get us anything comped - not even the offer of a free drink. I guess their exorbitant prices and cheap quality food provides enough of a profit that the owners don't believe in treating their guests well.
