zQlaDJqp3c_HAuYP5Ukk3w ALERT! New owner and new management.

First off, we went to Sun tonight for the 5.99 noodle special.  We went around 7 pm.  There was 1 table that was just finishing up.  After that table left, we were the only table.  We had 6 adults and 1 child.  We ordered (1) Kung Pao Shrimp, (4) noodle specials, (2) black bean noodles, and (1) Vegetable and Rice Platter. 

We were given our drinks first.  The water was horrendous.  I remember that they used to serve filtered water and it tasted great.  I believe the new owners probably didn't see the need for filtered water and just used straight up Chandler tap water. 

Anyways, we sat for 1 hour until our first dishes came out.  The Kung Pao Shrimp and Vegetable Rice Platter.  The Kung Pao Shrimp is usually not deep fried, but the outer portion was not even crispy.  The sauce was bland and the vegetables were old.  The onions and bell peppers tasted so old.  The Vegetable Rice Platter was just deep fried rice, vegetable assortment and mushrooms and whatever they felt like they needed to throw away.  The mushrooms especially were just gross!  

We waited another 15-20 minutes for the Noodles to come out.  The black bean noodles were disgusting.  The sauce had so much corn starch and salt that it was unbearable.  The prior owners made the noodles very good, but usually the sauce was watery.  However the new owners put more starch and more salt and it was just unbearable.  The best thing that came out was the noodle special because everything else tasted so terrible and it was the cheapest thing.  

Even though we sat there no waitress came by or even acknowledged what was going on.  In addition, there were probably 3-4 tables in there tops.  My father asked why everything took so long and the waitress just said that there were so many orders.  And we asked them to just take a look around the restaurant.  She just apologized repeatedly. 

Then when we got our bill, they took the liberty to tack on the 18% gratuity on top of our bill.  We only had 6 adults and 1 child!.  We went in for the 5.99 special and came out with a over 100 dollar tab.  

I just got home and needed to write this in order to let people know not to waste their money.  It's the same look, but everything is terribly wrong here.  It will probably go out of business if they don't take notice of what's going on.  I'm just praying that I don't get food poisoning.
