zs710LuQ8y10YsQHIjxjyw I can tell you now that one of my favourite foods is dumplings. Everything should be in a dumpling form.  I had to go to this restaurant, how could into wrong?

I took the liberty to order a giant amount of food.  Leek and pork dumplings, lamb dumplings hot and sour soup and more.  

First off, beware of giant portions.  You could probably get by with 2 dumpling orders and an app for two people.  We had a lot left over.

The soup was actually quite interesting.  The best way I can describe it is that they have their "house" version of a lot of stuff here.  For example, the hot and sour soup had tomatoes in it.  I guess it isn't really supposed to be in the soup, but I found that it made the "sour" or vinegar taste a little bit less artificial.  Good choice in my opinion.  Just... different.

The chive pancakes... OMG... ARE AMAZING!  By far, the best chive pancakes I've ever had.  Must Must Must get them here.  The reason they're so good is that they roll them out in a tube, and then fry it out into a pancake.  This keeps the middle of the "pancake" moist and soft.  In my experience, all the other places just flatten it out and fry it, making it really flaky and crispy.

The leek and pork dumplings were amazing.  Each one coming with mouth bursting goodness.  The cool thing is that they have a dumpling maker right beside the cash making fresh dumplings all day long.  It's neat how they emphasize the making of the dumplings.  I think it really adds to the experience.  The lamb dumplings were not so good.  I think they were a bit on the plain side.  My uncle's mother, (I have no idea how that's related) always said that you need 3 things in dumpings.  Leeks, meat and ginger.  Well... it had two out of the three; lamb and ginger.  

One thing we ordered was the pickled cabbage and spare rib stew.  Personally I hate the dish, so I can't really comment on how good or not good it was.

We also ordered the fried cabbage which was actually really good.  My parents actually said it reminded them of street vendors in china.  I've personally never been but I thought it was pretty good.

I'd say the best thing at this place is the chive dumplings.  If anything, go there for chive dumplings.  And maybe dumplings.  And maybe hot and sour soup.  Yes do that.  And tell me when you're going cause I'll come too.
