zrJDRWzP0P4wTFq8-N_mzA O.M.F.G!  Seriously people - I have re-found my hot pot bliss.

Friday: It was cold. I was hungry. And I knew I was all-powerful in bending my family to every pregnancy whim.  It was time to cash in my hot pot ticket!

"Hot Pot" can mean a variety of things, but as far as I understand in it's original form it consists of a pot of broth, a ton of food and saucy mixes, and a few hours sitting around this pot cooking your own foods and making a hot mess.  Sounds horrible?  I find it to be pure bliss.  Seriously.  It's delicious, spicy, healthy and great fun.  I have always been a Shabu Shabu fan - with the main difference being more options and better dipping sauce in "Hot Pot".

We came to 100 Degrees Hot Pot after reading the very helpful review (and photos) from Sanfit T.  The place was packed and we were the only honkeys in the place - an excellent sign.  The decor was simple but surprisingly nice (I shouldn't be surprised, everything is nice and new in the north China town) and we waited for about 20 minutes to be seated.

Let me say, we were dotted on by young, perfect English speaking servers.  Normally when I've hit up a random place in "north China town" I rarely get a glance, let alone all the fabulous service we got here.  Everyone answered our questions happily, and checked in on us numerous times.  We'd ask them for more of "this" (and point to it) and it was quickly rushed over to us.  They even showed us how to mix our sauce.  I haven't had service this attentive in months - that's how good it was.

The menu was AYCE - which is great since you can fit in a surprising amount of this type of fare (guilt-free mind you, it's all very healthy). It was a total vegetarian heaven (AYCE was $19.99 for me).  For my SO and mum - the carnivores, they each paid ($14.99 - makes no sense since they can have vegetarian options AND meat but whatever).  

The broths come in one large pot with a divider down the middle.  A bunch of broths are included in your price, and you can upgrade for $5 to some specific flavours.  On one side we had Tom Yum for an additional $5 (had seafood in it so well worth it) and the other side was a tomato based vegetarian.  We ordered copious amounts of food.  There were incredible and entirely new vegetarian options, including gluten (aka Seitan?), bean curd rolls, various tofus, vegetables, fungi, and a dozen other treats.  I noticed meat options like pig blood, various organs, and ..... er..... well other things that are delicious to people other than me!

To help you out here is what you do:

1) Take small bowl and put some of every condiment in it (it comes on a huge tray).  We liked a few spoons of satay and a lot of peanut sauce in it.  Fill it up with soy sauce and mix it up nicely.

2) If you have hair, put it back.  This is going to get serious.

3) Take your food (whether it be tofu, veggie, or meat) and dump it in.  Not all at once mind you - because if you leave your beef in there for too long it will be a rubbery mess.  I prefer to over-cook my taro and yams, but that's just me.  

4) After a few minutes (or seconds, whatever) fish it out with either the little basket-spoon or your chopsticks and put it in the large bowl.

5) Give it a good solid dip in your sauce.

6) Shove it down your gullet.

7) Repeat.


This is my Chinese version of comfort food.  I can stuff my face and not feel sluggish or greasy after eating here, and it warms you up on so many levels (hot, spicy, steamy...).  It's a great activity to do with a few friends (or a dozen friends - they have the huge lazy susan tables too).  So, if any one ever wants to come here - just call me! (and offer me door to door service - this place is far!!)

HIGHLY recommended - and open from 5pm to 5am daily!  I will be using my pregnancy powers to come here often (potentially in the middle of the night if need be).

BTW - unlike other reviews for other hot pot places, our clothes did not reek after leaving here.  Perhaps better ventilation?
