zUHz-rUIR7FSvmP7bbemsA Pros:
Plenty of lunch specials to choose from
Prices are alright

Cons:
Portions are on the small side
Place is small

Had to come up to the Carter's near here to pick up a Jacket for my little one and decided to stop here for lunch.  Bayview Kitchen is your typical HK style cafe.  It doesn't do anything to stand out from the rest but it doesn't do anything horrible to make you not want to come back either.

Walking in, you notice right away this place is small.  There's 3 round tables, 3 tables for 4 and a single table at the front for 2.  When we came in, there were 2 tables being seated.  Within 10 minutes though, the place was full and people had to wait.  I would not recommend coming during peak times as you most certainly have to wait.  If you're someone who doesn't like to share tables with other people, it's even worse.  Still, turnover time for a place like this is usually quick so that helps.

For lunch, Bayview Kitchen offers a lot of lunch specials ranging from $5 to about $12-13.  Each special comes with a drink and soup.  We weren't given any other menu so I assume that  if you want something other than the lunch specials, you might be out of luck.

I ordered the fried udon noodle with beef and my GF had the Chicken with eggplant on rice.  As with most HK style cafes, food comes out relatively quickly after you order.  I don't have anything to really say about the food, it tastes as it should.  I just want to make note that the portions are smaller than I'm used to.  Looking at my pics, the plate my udon came in was rather small.  I glanced over at another table who ordered the baked rice and the dish they serve it in is smaller as well.  If you order the rice specials as my GF did, you get a much bigger plate used. That's your best bet for bang for the buck here.

All in all, Bayview Kitchen is a decent place to get your HK style cafe fix.  I could see myself coming back if I'm in the area but it's not something I would go out of my way to come to.
