zxWbNs31PLO0DKBTY4L4Ig Was in the area running an errand and had that cruel "I need carbs, fast" feeling that everyone knows. I do not eat at usual corporate suspects for fast food so looked around and went this way.

Anyway, this thing looked good enough and so I went on in expecting hot woks, sweating friendly cooks and fresh ingredients with savory food. Well...uuh....no. It's more like a Chinese place with what I would call a "Thai-Name-Upsell". Or maybe the owner is one of the genuine Chinese-Thai folk. Who knows.

Why? Well the daily special amongst others was General Phao chicken, which I ordered. Was to come with free can of pop and a spring roll. Ok, before the review,  a little anecdote about General Phao. He was chief of police in Thailand in the mid 30s of the past century and known for his "corruption and terror". It escapes me why his name honors the menu of so many low-end take out places - are corrupt cops a good tasty thing? Be it as it may, I discovered some remarkable contradictions about the name and the dish:

Phao was rich - the dreadful sweet red sauce on the chicken wasn't.
Phao was corrupt - well, charging 6.99 for crunchy deep-fried chicken lumps is a crime against reason.
Phao was from Thailand - the dish obviously isn't, it's Chinese. Sort of.
Phao killed many people - well, I just ate, so if I don't post again you'll know why.

The dish came with Chinese fried rice (rice, egg shreds, a few chunks of I don't know what and lots of sodium). And a spring-roll filled with leftovers from the day before or at least some kind of crude nonsense.
Microwaved and super-heated, optimized for delivery I guess.

Service:
I remarked that I wish to "dine in", 5 minutes later the bloke at the cash handed me a bag with my order. Hmmm. I thought I told him I was sitting down to eat. He blandly remarked "no eat in". Ahh. Ok, guess the three tables are only decoration.

I am giving this place two, not one star because it did fill me up (after eating only three bites) and secondly because I am the first person to review this place, so it's only fair to let others prove me wrong - - - if the hospital has WIFI.
