--6MefnULPED_I942VcFNA Chinese name of this place, Canto pronounciation, Dsui Heung Yuen Hoi Seen Siu Lap Dsou Ga.

Traditional characters can be seen on this e-businesscard link

http://www.wjbusiness.com/wjb_Toronto/24135570.htm

Too bad they picked a lackluster English name, but don't let that fool you one bit, this place is SUPERBLY AUTHENTIC and assuming quality has not changed since 2003, they will always be a classy 5 star meat joint (attitude wise) operating in a simple scaled down interior, where the food really shines and speaks for itself, while dishing out the absolute best of the best of Cantonese style roast beasts and BBQ you will ever sink your jaws into.

I'm biased because this place is grandma's favorite, who used to live right across the street, and came here a lot with family (local and visiting) to the point they know her by name and automatically serve up the complementary slow fire cooked soup of the day (and at times even giving containers of soup for her to last a few days when she's by herself).

And to top it off, when we touched down in Toronto August 2003, an hour after getting out of the airport was when the whole NE grid of North America suffered a provincial wide power outtage, Radiohead was forced to cancel their 8/15/03 original date at the Molson Amphitheater (and I had a ticket to it and couldn't make the rescheduled Air Canada Center date in October), John's came to the rescue by setting aside portions of dinner and the finest roast beasts JUST FOR US to go, including soup, while they reduced kitchen operations to portable gas stoves and take out, so we wouldn't be savoring instant noodles or canned goods during the outtage. Now THAT is class.

One of the key reasons for their five star award, is for John's nailing down and doing the DEFINITIVE preparation of what is translated to be "princess chicken", sometimes casually translated to "yellow fur chicken", or Gwai Fei Gai. Old schoolers also know this to be Bak Cheet Gai. Basically a steamed or poached chicken that if done right, is superbly fragrant on its own from the marination and prep, surpassing the best Singaporean style Hainan Chicken even (yes, and please don't gasp in horror that I said that) and then all you need is some shizzletastic sauce called ginger & scallion oil to dip in, a bowl of rice, and suddenly you be da King eating out the Princess (chicken that is, sorry that sounded royally rawng). 

Every table at John's has a sheet describing in painful detail (in Chinese) how each Princess Chicken is made, and the amount of seasoning, Chinese herbs, and the whole process itself, is a legend and probably deserves its own Yelp review. You would be amazed to learn how extremely laborious in nature it is to make a Princess from scratch, and yet it is so affordable and luxurious in taste. Sadly I misplaced that sheet of paper, and my AZN character typing skills aren't up to par, so we will have to revisit the gorey details some other time.

But trust me, this is the bestest, sexiest Princess you will ever have in your life, tender suckalicious breasts and juiciest thighs. Most of the time the breasts end up being too dry, but John knows how to prep her to make you weep. The last time I had princess this good was at an old restaurant in Wanchai Hong Kong (Tso's) that is no longer around, back in the 80s.

Roast duck here is also sexcellent and I'll bet they have roast goose as well (where it is not illegal unlike south of the border). Of course one cannot miss the cha shiu here as it is pure porkgasm.

I can't wait to come back to John's again, and literally be a King at the table of roast beasts and princesses.
