5XX1w4WbwSlrACQ5vKuLDw When my wife and I came to Montreal for Osheaga 2013, she took an afternoon shopping and I went to Chinatown for Pho.  I did not come here, but instead crowded into another Pho place where you had squeeze between lines of other customers at family-style tables.  This time, (September 2014) the wife joined me and we had little gremlins in tow so the prospect of waiting to find a seat for all of us sent us here.  We arrived for an early lunch and were seated quickly.

Know that Pho Saigon is located below strew level, and the steps to reach it are narrow and steep.  Take them slow and easy, especially in the winter.

The restaurant is clean and neatly appointed.  It features very simple and tasteful decor, and at the time it was not too cluttered. There's a flatscreen TV on the wall, which we could pretty much care less about. Since we were there before the lunch crowd, the service was very quick.  One of my gremlins loves Pho Ga, the other is more into noodles, so that's what they ordered.  My wife and I had Pho Bo Vien (if I remember correctly).

Here's the thing, the food was good, no doubt.  Hot, fresh, and tasty.  However (and you knew this was coming), on this particular day, and with our Pho, it was not transcendent. If you're a Pho-lover, then you know it's all about transcendence -- the full umami mouth feel, the savoriness of the broth, the distinctive clash of meat, noodle, and vegetable textures, all punctuated by the sting of the lime, peppers, and sriracha. Sadly, we did not feel that the Pho we had (on this day) possessed that transcendence.  It was tasty.  We enjoyed it, but did not feel compelled to drain the bowls as we have at other places.

But please, you must try it for yourself.  Palates vary, and it's quite possible we arrived too early and the broth just hadn't "hit it" yet.  Also know, that as the lunch service gets busier, service slows down, as can be expected.

Great prices -- a family of four for $35 is on of the best values you'll get in Montreal.

Oh and before I forget, there's no booze.

We'll be sure to try it again and edit the review if necessary.
