68jn0s0snbO5dhasLaVvDw After one visit I'm hooked with Flock & Fowl.   I usually like the try a place a handful of times before officially christening it with a rating, but the meal and experience I just had was special enough to warrant an instant 5 star review from me.   

I might get my foodie card pulled with this admission, but I've never been to Great Bao or Fat Choy and am completely unfamiliar with the food of Jenny Wong and Sheridan Su outside of what I've read online.   This was a heck of an introduction.

I was almost scared off by some of the reviews stating long lines and long waits.   It was roughly 12:15 when I arrived on a Wednesday and I had ordered by 12:20 and had food on by roughly 12:30.   I may have just lucked out, but I guess the moral of my story is don't let the fear of a long line or wait scare you out of going.   

The menu is small so ordering is quick and painless, especially if you're the type like me to just agree to any/all add-ons.   Number 1: Hainan Chicken and Rice.  Egg?  Chinese Sausage?   Why yes, I'll take both.   Chicken Broth?  Sure!  My gluttony knows very little limits, I was almost tempted to try one of the baos or some wings but then I realized there's always next week, or tomorrow...  

Back to my experience today.   After receiving my iced lemon tea which had a great balance and just the right amount of tart, my food arrived shortly after.  It was presented quite beautifully, with the fried egg perfectly perched upon a heaping mound of rice, the tray of 3 sauces, and the perfectly cooked de-boned chicken and chinese sausage.   Off to the side was the cup of chicken broth.   At this exact moment, food and drink in front of me, Jenny (can I go first name basis at this point?) having just explained all the components of the dish to me, I'll admit I was frightened.  In what is one of my top 500 most embarrassing google searches of all time, before I drive to Flock & Fowl for lunch I googled "How to eat Hainan Chicken"   If any of you work for the NSA you can confirm this fact.  Not having found much help or guidance there, I looked at Jenny and showed all my cards and asked her.   She assuredly answered that I can do whatever the flock I wanted to and there was no right way.  

WHAT A RELIEF!   My foodie fear out the window, I started meticulously attacking this meal.  There are hundreds of combinations of bites you can create with all the components I had, and as the plate got less full, I was creating them with reckless abandon.   Oh let me get a piece of the chicken, dunk that into the broth, then into the soy, then add scallion, a piece of egg, and some rice, and shove that all into my mouth.   Outcome:  delicious.   I didn't have one bite that I thought was subpar.   

Jenny was a gracious host the entire meal, and was constantly checking on every customer eating there.  As I was about to leave, I had finished my lemon tea and wanted to try the oolong.   I never like to assume free refills unless I'm at some conglomerate owned-chain, so I pulled out a $5 bill ready to pay for another, but Jenny graciously told me she could just refill my empty Lemon Tea cup.   As I expected given the quality of everything else I had prior, it's also delicious.

Flocking Amazing.
