68PJJkcq_i0SlLqO6t7Qxw It is probably the most successful chain of Chinese restaurants in the GTA area. 

But once a upon time, Asian Legend used to be....

Well - really it was food court oddity on north side of Dundas, west of Spadina in a dingy place I think was called Hong Kong City?  It moved to its current location and was pretty much one of the only places to get good inexpensive Northern Chinese food.  Was the best place to just get a few pan-fried dumplings, a fried salty donut and a bowl of hot soy milk in relative peace at any given time.  Then the renovation happened.  Then the food became more expensive (on average each dish was at least $1-$2 more), the service worse, and I could never get a seat.  

If you regularly patronize Asian restaurants whatsoever, you'll notice this phenomena happen to genuinely good restaurants that are now being run by second generation MBA graduate children of the owners.  Please accuse me of being bitter of its success and the resulting effect being that I can't get a seat at the more expensive, worst tasting restaurant, that I helped keep afloat for 10+ yrs., because I am.  In fact, my friends know exactly I why mean, when I say a restaurant has been "Legended".  

But certainly some credit is due - they still make some decent dumplings and have standard good Northern dishes.  Avoid all pan-Asian items (their valiant attempt to capture some of that Spring Rolls crowd) - and stick with the Chinese food.  Does anybody really think that mango grows in Northern China?  I think they are definitely overextending here.  Certainly something has to be said for the restaurant raising the standard of cleanliness and presentation - kudos.

[Totally irrelevant observation: what's with their actual dishes and cutlery - I don't know any Chinese people who use square dishes with FOUR sides, I wonder who they're catering to?   Hint: It's not your friendly neighbourhood Chinaman!]

Definitely a legendary story of expanding your market and brilliant management, but as a food story, not so much.
