68PJJkcq_i0SlLqO6t7Qxw (2.5 stars)

Went on a Wednesday night at around 8pm and it was surprisingly busy, when we got there.  Fortunately, the long line of people were mostly waiting to pick up take-out.  We were shown a table for two which had just been vacated and cleaned (the seats were still warm!).

Usually when we come to Asian Legend, we go all out on dumplings.  I would rate most of their dumplings and appetizers at 3-stars.  But we changed plans this time, and ordered some main courses, and a noodle dish.

The dry-fried rice noodle with beef was very disappointing.  The beef pieces had waaaay too much tenderizer to the point that you can't distinguish the beef's soft texture from the rice noodles, and the taste of the tenderizer was very overpowering.  Thankfully, there was not a lot of beef pieces in the dish (normally this would be a complaint, but this time, a blessing in disguise.)  And the rice noodles were gooey and stuck together.  This is a fairly  standard noodle dish at any Chinese restaurant and this may be the worst I've ever had.  Ugh.  Rating:  1 star.

Salty spice pork chop was very good!  A bit on the greasy side though, but the pork remained relatively most.  Rating: 3 stars.

Ma po tofu:  Boyfriend had been craving this dish (which led us to Asian Legend this night) and said it's the usual quality.   Not quite spicy enough, and not quite enough minced meat in the dish.  But for ~$10, it'll do in a pinch.  Rating:  3 stars.

Pork and chive dumplings (pan fried) saved the meal!  Asian Legend does do dumplings well, and this was no exception.  The dumplings had plenty of filling, and the wrap was not too thick.  When you take that first bit, you get hit with the "juice", which is delicious.  They serve this with vinegar, but we like our dumplings plain.  Rating:  3 stars

Although we didn't order more at this meal, we typically order several kinds of dumplings (steamed as well as pan-fried); their deep fried tofu;  and their beef pancake wrap;  (most dishes from their appeitzer page) and if hungry, their salty-spice pork chop.  And we usually leave satisfied.  Too bad we strayed off of our usual course this time, leading us to a 2.5 star, rather than the usual 3 star experience.

Overall, Asian Legend is cheap and cheerful.  The servers speak English, the service is efficient, the decor is up to date, and the restaurant is overall relatively clean (in the context of Chinatown).  We will return, and order our "usual" next time!
