6N9NClBpOi-GoWckg137NQ So we ordered from Red Dragon last night in Chandler and I ordered soup and also an order of noodles.  I ate the soup last night and put the noodles in the fridge and pulled them out today for lunch.  As I was eating, I pulled at what I thought was one of my dog's black hairs (it happens a lot in this pet filled house) and instead of just a hair, I pulled out A DISGUSTING BUG. It wasn't a hair at all, it was an ANTENNA.  I'm posting photos of this creature here as well. To me... it looks like some kind of small roach... which is making me want to vomit.  

I called the restaurant and informed them of the issue and the girl offered to refund the cost of this dish.  I said no, I want a full refund for the whole order.  For starters, it's the least you can do.  This isn't a matter of me just not liking the dish, there is an INSECT in it, and I have, unfortunately, already eaten half of it before realizing there was a disgusting bug inside.  So just out of principle, I think the whole order should be refunded.  Additionally, my roommate is now unable to eat HIS leftovers because... duh.  Why would he want to continue eating his food from the same restaurant?  So it's not just one dish going to waste, it's actually three of the four that we ordered.  So yes, I want a full refund.

At this point, she starts asking me questions that implied I was lying.  Asking why I didn't call last night if I placed the order last night.  Twice I had to explain the concept of leftovers to her.  She also asked me if I took the food OUTSIDE.  Why yes, of COURSE I did.  Who doesn't like eating spicy, hot Chinese food outside in the desert on a hot afternoon after a rain?  Muggy, hot weather is the BEST environment in which to eat a hot dish.  She then told me she couldn't do anything until a manager was there. I said okay, when will a manager be there?  She somehow had NO IDEA when there would be a manager.  That a manager might not even show up today.  Right.  

I got pretty mad at this point because it was clear she was trying to shoo me away and act like a manager wasn't going to be available (when I'm pretty sure it was a manager yelling in the background), so I raised my voice and told her I expected to hear from a manager by 6:00PM tonight to receive a full refund for the disgusting bug in my food.  I may have said "disgusting f@*%ing bug"... at which point she hung up on me.

Fine.

I called GrubHub, which is how I placed the order, and they were WONDERFUL.  They contacted the restaurant as well, and they told them the same thing.  Refund for the bug food only.  But the girl at GrubHub understood completely how disgusting this was and that obviously my roommate didn't want to eat the rest of his food either.  So GrubHub refunded the difference and even sent me a voucher for a discount for my next order.  Which will obviously be from a different restaurant.

I wouldn't have made any of this public over the bug itself.  I actually understand that bugs happen.  Maybe it was in the produce... but maybe it was in the gross kitchen.  I have no idea.  I wouldn't have ordered from Red Dragon again, but I wouldn't have made a big deal about it.  But because they treated me like a liar and like I had nothing better to do than make fake claims about bugs in my food over $34, now I feel like I want people to know that Red Dragon not only has bugs in their food, but they treat their customers really poorly as well.  This place obviously places no value on either cleanliness or service, so I really suggest you avoid it at all costs.
