6s7uduX1Q1KSjOKvwxYkRA This past spring break my boyfriend and I decided to treat ourselves to a nice vacation to last vegas..not to mention we had a $200 voucher for VacHawaii that was going to expire the following month. But anywho, we decided to stay at the Orleans for the week and it was just great.

The first night that we got there, I was already home sick and was dying for some sushi. (The week before, we went to Imanas almost every night so I was on a huge sushi binge). We arrived pretty late and since we didn't want to leave the hotel looking for food (hello! crazy people!) we decided to find something within the hotel. 

The bf was pretty happy finding this place. Imagine dragging a whiny five foot girlfriend literally dying for sushi all around the casino searching for sushi. So relief was immediate.

Koji is one of those Chinese/Japanese fusion restaurants so I was kind of skeptical at first because when I think of the mainland, rice isn't usually on the good side of my list. 

We sat at the sushi bar and ordered a lot of salmon sushi(for me) and some chinese food off the menu. Bf ordered spicy tuna, which wasn't that bad; not Genki but still does the job. The salmon was yummy or it could have been because I was starving. We ordered fried rice and yakisoba.

My tip, I wouldn't order the chinese food only because it's overpriced and the serving size is small. The taste was... alright. I just came for the sushi.

The man in charge of making the sushi was very nice and made small talk with us.. The servers always kept my drink filled and made sure we were alright.

Pricing.. it was kind of meh... about $6 dollars or so for two pieces of salmon sushi and it goes higher with the different order. Their toro was almost twenty dollars so I was just like F That man!!! and their uni was about the same price as well. Marketprice I guess but that is just ridiculous. 

I liked it here maybe because I was dying for sushi to the point where we ate here almost every day of our trip but regardless, I enjoyed it and always left satisfied. Pricing is semi high but when on vacation...
