6SfNZP1oqiQV1AYLK9A8WA When I first moved the Valley of the Sun, back in the mid-90's, my wife and I used to frequent a place called the Native New Yorker. Now, I know - the Native New Yorker is still around, but not like they used to be. You see, back in the day (wow - I'm sounding old) the Native New Yorker was known for one thing: Wings. That's because their wings were....wait for it....10 cents each. That's right - 10 cents. 15 cents if you wanted to upgrade to honey BBQ. So it was not uncommon to sit down and have tables around you with mountains of wings. We would settle in with friends and buy 100 wings (for $10!), then eat our way to a glorious food coma.

Now, I realize those days are long gone. After all, it was 20 years ago and now wings cost more per pound that breasts. Knowing this, I still cringe when I go somewhere and have to shell out $9 for 6-8 wings. Call me cheap (You wouldn't be the first). So I was happy to find Long Wong's on Thomas. No they're not 10 cents, not even close, but they are pretty cheap and they deliver better than average flavor.

Located on the SE corner of 7th Avenue and Thomas, next to an abandoned mini-mart, this run-down, garish pink shack serves up a variety of wings along with a number of other favorites.

Now if you're looking for a reasonably clean, nicely furnished eatery with some ambience, then don't go here. As another reviewer noted, the restroom is locked with a padlock. With all due respect, I probably wouldn't want to eat here - this is strictly a take-out dive. But don't let that scare you. Come for the food - you'll be glad you did.

On this last visit, I ordered a dozen BBQ wings. I had asked them to go light on the sauce, as they sometimes have a tendency to go a little overboard. They still went overboard. The wings were drenched in a sweet, tangy BBQ sauce. I wiped what I could off and enjoyed every single bite.

I also ordered a side of vegetable fried rice. It was a healthy portion (healthy is probably not the right word) that is probably intended to serve a small family. I ate about half of it. It was delicious - almost as good as the fried rice that my mom makes. And that means a lot.

They also have standard lunch menu items - burgers, fries, etc. but with all the wing choices, don't bother.

All in all, I am happy that Long Wong's is around to provide a great value on better-than-average wings. They provide food like your mom might make (if your mom was an elderly Asian woman) at a fair price. And they do care about making you happy.

Don't let the building scare you - order up and enjoy!!
