6W20fKnjqPTSU2irnSVmSQ OK I will start with the good parts of this place. The Hostess was sweet. She even helped us with the Validation of the parking.
The Lettuce wraps were good. That is where it ends.
I can honestly say, we will never come here again for any reason. Nor would I ever encourage anyone to eat here.

What has happened to P.F. Chang's???  I mean honestly!
We were greeted by the hostess who put us at a nice table by the window.
After sitting down I could see the table was dirty. There was grease all over it and I had a dirty plate in my area.
When Kinnesy came to tell us she would be helping us out tonight. I asked if we could get the table wiped down and I showed her the grease all over it.
She did come back and wipe it down,then disappeared, in her place came over a male server, who then told us he would be taking care of us instead.

He seemed good at first. He told us about a few things on the menu. 
I got hot Tea and my friend got Ice Tea, they had Mango and regular. 
He ordered regular.
About an hour later he had to ask for another Ice Tea, he got it but, it was Mango.
We got the 2 for $40.00, which does not include your drinks.
It came with soup. 
Somewhere after we received the lettuce wraps things went downhill.
We never got any appetizer plates. We had to ask for them.
That is OK because, things like that can happen.
Then another server brought us out our main dishes. 2 meals one bowl of white rice. We had both ordered Brown rice. Again no Dinner plates.
We had to ask for those as well.
We never even got any water to drink.
I have to say in all the time we sat there waiting for everything, I really noticed how dirty the floor was.  They would just wipe the floors down and paper ,rice, food, everything right on to the floor.

They were not even busy here, there were 11 tables occupied ours being one of them. There were 5 servers.
We waited and Waited, and waited for the dessert to come out. I really wanted it to go at this point we had been there for 1 and half hours. I was so ready to go.
It was a simple meal that took forever.
The hostess had to go to find the waiter to tell him we wanted our check. I could see him in the doorway of the Kitchen eating.
Just give us our dessert and check and we will be out of here like 25 min ago.
The dessert were Wontons that had been micro waved. They were hard and the mixture inside was bubbling. Gross!
We waited so long that we finally just left the $$$ on the Table and left.
I have to say it was my very worst dining experience.
