6WDDksGLLehfQDIvQXzR5w "If, in the midst of a Szechuan pepper-heavy meal, you have the presence of mind to ignore the searing hot pain that fills your mouth, you might notice a more subtle effect of eating the hot peppers: a tingling, numbing sensation that envelops your lips and tongue."  <U+2015> smithsonianmag.com

We weren't originally going to grab dinner.  We had a gigantic lunch in Prescott earlier that day and was next door getting some mediocre boba.  On the way to the car though, I had mentioned I had wanted to try the Beef Pies at Chou's so here we are!  I've been to their first location and had an okay experience and much similar, I had an okay experience here as well.  I will say that I love how this place has more seating.  Their first location is much too small.  So here at Chou's, we had gotten the Beef Pies, Spicy Fish Fillet, and the Toothpick Lamb.

Beef Pie, $6 for 3:  Delicious, juicy, and full of flavor.  I would come back and order these again.  The outside is like a green onion pancake batter, sans the onions, the the inside absolutely exploded with beefy juices [don't be dirty].  It was hot and flavorful!

Spicy Fish Fillet, $10.98:  That tongue-numbing quote applies.  I don't like how Szechuan style cooking numbs the tongue.  It's not spicy and it just numbs the tongue for no reason at all.  I want to attribute it to the pickled vegetables too but I don't really know that for a fact.  Regardless, I didn't enjoy this this.  The fish was battered lightly and nicely and the pickled peppers on top gave it a sour bite.  They were incredibly light on the dry Szechauan peppers.  The flavor was on the imbalance side, being way more sour than spicy.

Toothpick Lamb, $14.98:  We were going to this one other restaurant, GTB, that makes this dish AMAZING but they were closed for the holiday so we went somewhere else but it was still on my mind.  So when I saw it on the menu, I got it.  It was decent but I think I prefer the other place for this dish.  The lamb was a bit tough and definitely gamey.  Jalapeño slices gave it a nice heat and they were quite heavy-handed on the fennel seeds.

All in all, if I ever crave XLB or a beef pie, I'll stop by!  Service was excellent and the place was clean.
