6z-T_jIFrRQ4c6-BIvVBvA Let me begin by saying that i ate at this wonderful restaurant the first week that it opened. 

One of the owners named Eddie served my business partner and i and the food blew us both away. Within a few short months there was a line up just to get a table. The sounds and smells that permeated in the air told you why one had to wait in line ... but so worth it.

I've been eating here for close to 10 years so i know what i'm talking about in regards to the food and experience ... i moved away from the area and haven't been here for a while and last night i took my family for what was sure to be a great treat.

When i arrived on a Friday night i didn't see the usual long line, as i was expecting to wait in line as usual for a table ... it was 3/4 empty ... i didn't sense the usual smell in the air of that great food being cooked from the kitchen ... i didn't recognize any of the staff at all ... Eddie one of the owners wasn't there and the staff didn't even know who i was talking about when i asked about him.

Due to this i told my family that i was worried that the food experience wasn't going to be good ... since i didn't see the usual packed place with customers waiting in line ... instead i saw a 3/4 empty restaurant and this told me something terrible had happened and that's why there was no crowd.

The servers didn't know the menu enough to answer questions as to the differences of the dishes and when the food arrived i was floored. 

It is no longer the Congee Star i knew and loved ... it was TERRIBLE!!! ... 

I now mourn the passing of one of the great spots to eat and my whole family is saddened by it. We all loved this place so much. 

I also miss Eddie and his smile and passion for his food and service... i only hope he opened another restaurant and if so i pray i can find it

Eddie you were the best and my Family and i thank you for giving us 10 years of amazing food and the joy of eating at your special restaurant what an experience, we will never forget you.

In the spirit of this and from my heart, i employ to all of you to ... STAY AWAY!!! ...  from this restaurant ... don't waste your precious time and money. 

By how empty the restaurant has become ... so do thousands of other regular patrons agree with me.

Congee Star ... R.I.P.
