6z3cgIE9dJ01wUm43f0yBQ Dumplings, dumplings, dumplings! 

Decided to finally try this place out after a day at CES. So what did we order? The dumplings of course! We ordered the pork, chives, and shrimp dumplings -- which are typically the ones I always eat. I decided to skip on any of the appetizers due to Jennifer's review. However, I did order some xiao long baos (steamed pork soup dumplings) because I was curious and I just had to see how they were.

They gave us some spicy and salty peanuts while we waited for our order along with tea and iced water. Then this odd sound came through ...and I'm thinking, "Is she hand chopping the pork?!" Whoa, like whoa. It sounds like it. Anywho, the wait wasn't as bad for me .. maybe a 15 minute wait for the food to come out. The dumplings came out piping hot and fresh! There were 16 of them by the way. And the wrappers they used for the dumplings did NOT look like the typical thin store bought wrappers at all! They were thick and chewy just like how I usually prefer them. So it does seem like the dough is made from scratch by them. 

I just couldn't wait and I dip a dumpling into some vinegar and start munching! Juicy, warm goodness in my mouth! The flavors were good. It was a great balance between the pork and the chives. Not too bad, not too shabby, and authentic to the bone. But wait, the vinegar is a little bit too sour for my tastes. I think I prefer red vinegar when it comes to eating dumplings. And also, that's when I noticed that my boyfriend is dripping juices everywhere -- dumpling juices! Where are our plates? Where are the soup spoons? Awkward. We end up asking for soup spoons but decided not to bother with the plates. We were eating them too fast anyways.

As for the xiao long bao's, skip them please. They were small. They were bad. It had this odd taste to the soup in them that I did not like. The meat was fine but their soup was a no go. 

The service was good though. Our teas and ice water were almost always filled. They were quite attentive. Though a warning, all of the servers are mando and/or canto speakers so their second language is English. They may have a heavy Chinese accent and may not thoroughly understand your question. Not sure if that's something that people get turned off about but just a little warning. So just gotta be patient :)

Great dumplings. Gotta be from the dumpling menu! No to the xiao long bao/steamed pork soup dumplings. Pretty nice service. Think I will come again just for dumplings and maybe try their smoothies and/or milk teas to see how they are. 

However, one thing is, CASH ONLY currently. They don't even take your card. They told me that their credit card machine isn't in yet so they can't even accept the payment.
