6Z6IyosSMciZtwk8hRLRag Around noon on a typical Sunday afternoon, i would be standing in line with about 20 other people waiting for my number to be called. DMV or Keno you ask? Nope... Waiting for a table for Dim Sum. A friend suggests I try out this new place that serves pretty authentic Shanghai dumplings and cuisine. I Yelp/Google China Mama and off we go.

A friend and I promptly arrive around 12:15pm. Its in the same plaza as Cafe Moda and Karaoke Q Studio. We walk through the door to find the place kind of empty. The place easily fits 100+ patrons, but today there were about 20 or so people. Kind of disappointing for a prime time lunch hour, but then again encouraging because there were many Asian people there.

We get seated and immediately get served tea. They give us two menus. One for the appetizers and one for more of a regular course entrees. We look over the menu and finally decide on four dishes:

Steamed Juicy Pork Bun - Xiao long bao ($7.25). Yum! I love this dish. There is definitely a certain way to eat this. Usually I put it in my soup spoon and break it open with my chopsticks. The broth/juices come oozing out and then I take a big bite. This dish comes with 8 pieces. I would definitely order this dish again.

Green Onion Pancake ($4.75). I've always been a big fan of green onions so this would naturally be right up my alley. This dish is also pretty darn good. The pancake is not overly oily but it does leave a slick film on your fingers. Very tasty! I would also definitely order this dish again.

Pan Fried Shrimp & Green Nira Pillow ($7.25). The waiter recommended this dish. It was good... Not excellent but good nevertheless. Inside had leeks, chopped up shrimp, and some eggs. I think I'd rather try another dish the next time around.

Dry Style Beef Noodle ($6.99). It was a hot day so we opted for the dry style instead of the soup. This was another decent dish. I'd definitely try it with the soup next time.

Overall, our bill for the four dishes came out to be $28 for the two of us. Not to bad. I really liked the waiter. He was very helpful in explaining the dishes. I also liked the way he first spoke to us in Mandarin, and then kept speaking to us in Cantonese when he found out we couldn't speak Mandarin. He had a great attitude and that definitely made the whole dining experience better. I would definitely eat here again!

Pictures included!
