6ZsiLiSWGK2pgw6t3LfzNQ Came here because I have been craving Omurice since my last visit to Japan. We get seated quickly and we order. Our mains were Omurice, Beef bowl and chicken Katsu with curry. We also ordered a few Yakitoris - chicken thigh & leek w/ teriyaki was the favourite, everything else was average. Our mains get here, and they forgot our beef bowl,  after 30 minutes we had to order it again. My egg on my Omurice was a tad over cooked and the rice inside was alright, although the texture of the rice was kinda mushy, 5/10. My sister ordered the Katsu, overall katsu and curry were good, but it came with way too much rice - at least for the amount of curry/katsu to rice ratio 7/10. The beef bowl just looked sad. The pieces of meat just looked like it lacked a bit of everything, it needed some major tlc :( and once again too much rice. 

Service is where they lose some stars, I came here again the next day, because my boyfriend and I couldn't decide where to go - and he has never been. We waited 30-40 minutes just to get our Gyoza and fried chicken. Gyoza was typical and the fried chicken was definitely not the best. It looked and tasted like dehydrated chicken, as if someone sucked out every little bit of water/juice/oil/life out of the chicken. Our mains were BBQ chicken bowl and the Katsu bowl. Long story short, get the Katsu nothing else. Anyways back to the service, the table of two beside us had to watch each other eat because one bowl came out before the other, the guy was already done when hers came - she asked twice about her order. It started to get little busy,  assuming that's why everything was slow, but oddly, there were 4 people in the kitchen and this place isnt that big. A table of 4 came in and they sat them at a table of 6. Then a couple came in - all tables of 2 were full, so they told the couple to share the 6 person table with the group of 4, while parallel to them were 2 empty tables of 4. I get that sharing a table is a typical Asian thing,  esp in really crowded/busy places but they could have splitted the table of 4 and made a 2 person table. Boggled my mind a bit. 

Overall, Katsu was good both times and service was meh.
