75SBuDApJU5ca9tGC1Pw3Q I had a pretty good late dinner at this restaurant with my sis and dad. We ordered the honey bbq pork collar and egg on rice, hainanese chicken with chicken oil rice, and baked pork chop cutlet on rice. The first two orders came out within minutes, and I was pretty surprised at how fast the food was ready (though the restaurant wasn't very crowded at the time we went). The pork collar tasted very good. The meat was soft, and there was a good amount of honey bbq flavor (not overpowering at all). I felt like the meat portion was way too small for the amount of rice they gave us though. The hainanese chicken was amazing! The meat was tender and very juicy, and it came with two dipping sauces. One sauce was essentially scallion-ginger oil.. the other sauce was unfamiliar to me, and I found its flavor to be a little weird. The chicken oil rice was really tasty, and it was an excellent complement to the chicken. I didn't really care much for the soup, but I would still say that this dish was by far my favorite of the 3 we ordered. The baked pork chop cutlet was decent. The outside was nice and crispy while the inside was not overcooked. I've had better pork chops before, but I couldn't complain too much about it. The sauce was pretty thick, and I liked it.

For desserts, we ordered an ice cream pancake and waffle (both black sesame), and we also ordered panna cotta. They only had one type of panna cotta available even though their panna cotta specials page on the table advertised multiple options. The pancake order and panna cotta came out reasonably fast. The pancake (which was closer to a crepe) was delicious. For the price we paid, I would've maybe expected another pancake to come with it (because they're pretty thin), but I would still recommend this dessert. I only tried a little bit of the panna cotta, but I wasn't that impressed..seemed kind of boring to me. The waffle took a while to come out (probably 2-3 times the wait time of the pancake). The waffle was on the hard side, and I definitely prefer my waffles way softer.. I couldn't tell if they screwed up our order or if that's just their style. Still, despite being too hard, the flavor of the waffle was pretty nice. They only give one scoop of ice cream with the waffle, so I felt like they could've given another scoop to make the dessert more balanced.

The service was excellent in the beginning, but it went very downhill towards the end of the meal. It took a while for us to get our waitress's attention after we finished eating. She asked us to pay early before we finished eating because they were closing down their system or something which I thought was pretty strange. The waitress also took a long time to give us change for the cash we gave her..almost to the point where I started to worry she might've thought we were giving her a ridiculously generous tip. Overall, I felt like the prices were reasonable except for the desserts.. We nearly doubled our dinner cost by ordering dessert, but it was tough to pass on this after seeing some of the pictures. I would probably come back to this restaurant, but I don't think it would be one of my top priorities for food in this area. 3.5/5
