7wgKazvblPECOzBrd6N50Q After years of hearing about this place, I finally decided to go with my wife and parents for dinner and we were not disappointed.

We showed up around 6:30pm, the restaurant was already pretty full. We were asked if we had reservations, we said we did not and the guy walked over to a table with a reserved sign on it and seated us. We were brought Chinese tea with our menus. The tea was surprisingly good. I find the tea served in most Chinese restaurants to be flavorless and glorified pale colored water, however this tea was full of flavor and was a welcome change.

Once seated, we begin to look over their menu. There is plenty to choose from and there is something for everyone's taste and their menu has one of the largest selection of vegetarian options available that I have ever seen and was more than just something and tofu as you find in most places. We spent a few minutes picking our dishes and the waiter came over, confirmed everything with me about what I had written.

My wife ordered a wonton soup, but it was enough for the both of us. My parents ordered a small Hot & Sour soup, that was more than enough for the both of them. Our main course consisted of General Tao Chicken, Shrimp Chop Suey, Seafood Fried Rice, Beef Chow Ho, and my father got a bowl of steamed rice.

My mother was worried we didn't order enough, but than again she's always worried there will not be enough food. However, there was more than enough to go around and at the end of the meal, it was more gluttony that was making me pick at the plates, than anything else.

My favorite dish was the Beef Chow Ho, it had a beautiful smoky taste to it, that was absolutely divine. The Seafood Fried rice was made up of small scallops, shrimp, and what seemed to be mock crab. The General Tao was good, but it could have been a little spicier for my taste, but it was nicely cooked and not soft and mushy like I have had at other places.

All in all, for the four of us, with 4 Tsingtao beers, with tax and tip it came to just under 90$. If we hadn't had the beers, the price would have been a lot more reasonable, because the beers alone were 23$. The service was quick and the food was great. All in all, I look forward to my next visit to try some of the dishes I saw at other tables while I was walking out.
