88RkIuXwJeDzfzSu9xsyzw There are lots of "real" Chinese restaurants in GTA. These are characterized by generally reasonable prices, less than stellar decor, no attention on service, and minimal attempt at making the food look nice. I call these "real" because if you go to China, most places will be like this. There really isn't fine dining in traditional Chinese culture. Most people just care about taste.

Then there are "westernized" Chinese restaurants. These are usually pricey. They serve food that's not even real Chinese food (like General Tao Chicken). They have nice clean decor and (relatively) attractive servers. The food is often not authentic, and served on really nice plates.

Asian Legend is a fusion of the two types. It's clean and well decorated that it attracts non-Chinese people. The prices are noticeably higher than most places. The food quality is good. Chinese food is famous for using lots of MSG and often leaving you with a greasy after taste. AL's food seemed to have contained either no MSG or very little. This shows that they are cooking using authentic methods using traditional ingredients.

This is a Northern Chinese restaurant. GTA has a greater proportion of Southern Chinese immigrants so the menu selections are noticeably different from the Southern Chinese restaurants. One item that is almost a must when you come to AL are the Shanghai dumplings. 

The service is noticeably better than other Chinese places. You don't have to flag the server down for tea. They regularly fill it up. The restaurant is well staffed and getting help is not a problem. But don't expect Western style pampering where the server tries to make small talk with you.

Overall it's a good introduction to Chinese food. I went to the North York location a long time ago and was very disappointed. This time they've impressed me. And you can tell it's authentic Chinese food because there are plenty of Chinese customers. If a Chinese restaurant doesn't have mainly Chinese customers, you can probably conclude it's not authentic. Asian Legend (at this location at least) is the real deal and well worth the price premium they charge.
