8keN8Z2sylAEXgMCJMQpDg I've eaten at a lot of Chinese Restaurants in my lifetime. In places like San Diego, Boston, Chicago, to Chinatown in San Francisco and all points in between. I've tried a lot of places in Chandler, Mesa, Tempe, Scottsdale, Gilbert and Phoenix, Arizona. There are very few that stack up to the quality that My House in Chandler, Az provides. They are newly opened in the area. In a area of low quality Chinese places, this establishment stands out. They serve high quality meats and vegetables. I ordered Mongolian Beef with Pork fried rice and an egg roll combo. Plus a order of boneless BBQ pork ribs. These are 2 dishes that are VERY tasty. I spoke with Allen, the owner, a very delightful young man today while I was placing my order. He 
 said that he wasn't expecting the response he has gotten to his new restaurant being opened. People are flocking here like it's the 2nd coming of Chinese food. At 11:30 am on Tuesday August 8th, this place was already full, and orders coming out of the kitchen to go and such. While I waited at least 3 people called in orders. I would rather wait an extra few minutes to get my food, as long as the quality is like this. They are working out the kinks of the response to the food, I am sure they are doing their best to keep up with the demand. In a sea of bland and low quality Chinese food in the Chandler area, from Riggs to Germann and Arizona Ave to Val Vista, this is the best around. No longer do I have to wonder if I can find some good Pork Fried Rice or BBQ Pork ribs. I have found what I have been looking for. Congrats to Allen and the staff at My House, they are doing something right. Keep up the good, hard work.

** New Update for August 14, 2017!** Went to lunch today with my wife. This time I had the Beef & Broccoli combo with Pork Fried Rice & Egg Roll. And MORE BBQ Boneless Spare Ribs.. Adding pics soon. The beef is VERY tender, and the sauce is super flavorful. The BBQ pork was once again fantastic and very tasty. My only problem is they serve Pepsi drinks. Other than that, everything is great.
