8TpKY3zo6UzG3SVk6a-FRg I don't usually like to give bad reviews to restaurants, but I need to ensure people are warned before deciding to order the other food and drinks at this particular restaurant.

I usually go there and I order the Congee. Congee = Good choice that is when you go in the mornings or afternoons; there are days it's a hit and a miss. The Congee can be very watery. This again depends on ones preference. I prefer my Congee a bit thick and with lots of stuff. It's a definite comfort food. Congee gets a 2 thumbs up. :)

The problem isn't the Congee (their name is Congee King)...In fact, I go back because of the Congee and it being close to my home...  the problem lines in their other foods. I understand if you haven't had real Chinese food their quality may meet your expectations, but it definitely isn't the best I've tried. The following are some of the experiences I had with their other foods. 

One day I thought I give their Shanghai Chow Mei a try... the price was about $7-8... 
I thought I'm sure they'll be good. Bad idea... It was horrid. The noodles were not cooked right; they were tough to chew on and at first I didn't want to bother the waitress about it. Seriously, for the price I'm paying I expect to have at least a well cooked noodle. So I explained to the waitress my issue with the noodle and they asked what's wrong with it.  I lightly informed them to add a bit more water to it as the noodles were not completely defrost. They tried and also agreed that it was too hard, so they took it back in and tried to cook it. Sadly, they were unable to fix it. I had confronted them already and felt bad not to say too much and just packed the rest for home. I had to later bring it home and cook it myself.  Noodles gets two thumbs down. :(

Another time I went, I wanted to try something different... See how loyal I am to this restaurant... Unfortunately, the dim sum is also a no go! Do not order their dim sum... it's so from the frozen packs, not fresh at all. Again, this is from someone who had authentic dim sum from Hong Kong and China; so if you don't have such strong taste buds, maybe it would be fine for you. Then again, would you rather go to a dim sum restaurant to eat dim sum or a Congee place? Dim Sum gets 1 thumb down. 

So as a usual customer of their Congee, I returned for some comfort congee.This time I thought, I try their red bean crushed ice with ice cream drink... The first time I had it, the taste was okay, and my boyfriend also agreed it was nice because he never really like red bean. So at this point we were happy...

Tonight, after dinner, we had a craving for it and decided to just go for the red bean drink at the Congee place. Super bad idea! And this is especially at night, the waitress had a long day and the night has just began for some. When our drinks arrived, I was hoping that it would taste the same as last time. I was wrong.

I sipped once, the red bean was bland.  I thought maybe I didn't taste it right, or maybe my taste buds were whacked. So I drank some tea to rinse my palate. Again, I sipped it and there was no taste; in fact the red bean seemed a bit rough. Then I tried mixing the ice cream thinking the sweetness will soak in, but that didn't work either. 

Then I realized the red bean wasn't cooked with enough sugar and not enough crushed ice; the one ingredient that makes this drink awesome was absent - condensed milk. It was all watered down and had no taste, except for the ice cream. My boyfriend also agreed that this drink was bland and wasn't the same as we had last time. As you see, I didn't want to bug the waitress, but I thought maybe she could help us out. At first she was being nice and asking all sorts of questions to try to fix the drink. In the end she just added tons of sugar syrup. I even saw her try our drinks at the back. She tried to ignore me when I just wanted to pay... Enough said, I came home and had a party in my stomach. This is me after I analyzed all the food I had today and came to the conclusion that my stomach had something to do with this restaurant. I don't want to put all the blame but some part of the mixing has a big part in the painful stomach ache which I am still experiencing as I'm am composing this review. 

To sum,  the Congee is fine, but beware of the other foods that they serve there. 
If you ask me if I would go back, I would for the Congee, never again for the other foods on their menu. I learned my lesson.
