_j2EtQtgLuXGRBfbM5YwZA Before you judge me of giving a 5-star review to a Chinese restaurant in Vegas, I need to explain myself. Yes, I am surprised even at myself for giving a 5-star rating to a casual Chinese restaurant.  No, sweet & sour pork and lemon chicken are not in my repertoire of Chinese food.  No, I was not drunk when I visited the restaurant; and I think reviews by those who admitted being drunk and their judgement impaired should be tossed out.   I am picky so I do not like just anything.  I grew up in Hong Kong, have travelled to major Chinese cities, and have lived in both Vancouver and San Francisco for many years so I know my Chinese foods.

I do have to emphasize though that my rating is based on one dish that I had.

My parents and I were spending a few days in Vegas a couple of weeks ago.  After coming out from "O", my parents retired to their room for the evening.  I was getting hungry even though we had a big lunch so I wandered around to check out the restaurants opening late in Palazzo / Venetian where we stayed.  I had been to Noodles in Bellagio and Zine in Palazzo.  Both were decent so I thought I would give Noodle Asia a try.

The menu is quite extensive.  The prices are very reasonable considering that it is a hotel restaurant.  I ordered a plate of fried rice with Chinese sausages, egg white and Chinese broccoli.  It didn't take long until a generous serving arrived.   It looked just as simple as the menu suggested with 3 ingredients and rice.  I took a bite and I said to myself, "OMG.  This is the best fried rice I've ever had."  And it was, seriously, the best fried rice I've ever had anywhere!  The Chinese sausage slices were sweet and tender.  The egg whites were fluffy.  However, the rice was the star of the dish.  It was not browned with dark soy sauce and it has all the flavours from being fried in a hot and well-seasoned wok.  

The plate was just under $14.  Although the restaurant is a essentially a cafe but it was far better than any $15 - $18 fried rice dishes served in many other well appointed restaurants.

A few weeks later and I still remember the dish.  My partner is going to Vegas for a conference in a couple of weeks and I told him he needed to go there and order the rice if he could only eat out once.
