9_OPjioLbD9Q_zAeHfv6kw I'm Chinese so of course we can make our own hot pot at home (we did it a few months ago actually), but my mom heard from her coworkers that it was worth coming here so we decided to try it out. 

First of all, we went for lunch, which is around $22 but we used the 20% winter special so it went down to $18 per person. The place looks really nice. It's spacious and well ventilated. We picked the spicy Mongolian herb (mild) and mushroom soup base based on our waitress's recommendation and what I read on yelp. We were all pleasantly surprised to find that they actually did use herbs and mushrooms for the soup instead instant powder. We did prefer the spicy mongolian herb more than the mushroom. The flavor was too mild for the mushroom soup. 

As for the food itself, there are a lot of vegetables and different mushrooms for you to pick out. They even have some noodles if you really wanted some (udon, vermicilli, glass noodle, ramen). The meat selection included generous portions beef, lamb, chicken, and pork on a little platter you can take back to your table. If you can't finish all the meat, the waitress there assured us that it was fine. They were all thinly sliced, like what you would see at a Korean bbq. It also tasted like the meat you would find in a Korean bbq = not tender. That was disappointing because as a Chinese restaurant, we expected something different. 

I was actually really excited for the seafood portion. I know there are tons more options during dinner time but I was looking forward to the mussel and clams. But when I went there to select what I want, they were already cooked. I can understand why it was cooked but at the same time, it means that it's not fresh and the hot pot is only used to warm it up. There were also fish and octopus for you to choose from. Also, a lot of different types of fishballs. I think we ate a lot of those. There were a lot of other different things you could eat such as cow tripe, etc. Mostly my parents ate that. 

The sauce bar was really interesting. There was a lot of different sauces and condiments to choose from. My mom had fun experimenting with it. 

All in all, my entire family agreed that it would have been worth it, if we had more fresh food, seafood or otherwise, because we did think that some items probably sat there for a while. The selection here isn't something you can easily replicate at home since it'll take a lot of work. However, for the same price point, I would rather go eat an acye sushi. I don't know about dinner. It might be a different experience since there are a lot more selection. At the same time, it's $35 without any discounts.
