966W5oXOBW0ZWhNYy0yjcA This place is outstanding.  A perfect example of what every city and town in the US needs.  A perfect example of what great Chinese food can taste like and priced right.  So simple and easy and yet most Chinese restaurants that dot the US are those terrible, terrible all-you-can-eat buffets.

My friends and I ate here our 1st night in Vegas.  We started with the sweet potato fries appetizer.  Not very impressive, a 2.  Definitely would not order this again.  An ominous beginning.  But our entrees!

We got the assorted meat and shrimp with rice noodles, ginger and egg fried rice, a porridge dish (I forget which one) and the shredded chicken with rice noodles.

They were all really excellent.  James ordered just the rice.  The rice was extremely well balanced between the egg and the ginger.  I was really amazed.  It wasn't overpowering in ginger, had just the right amount.  I recommended to James to order the eggplant dish to compliment the rice.  I think with any kind of meat dish the meat would have overpowered the ginger.  The eggplant hit it dead on-he absolutely agreed with my decision after combining the two.

My dish was the meat and shrimp rice noodle dish.  It was an extremely well balanced bowl of taste.  Again, I was really amazed.  It's difficult to mix all that in and balance it.  I could taste everything and the broth is light and not heavy in any way.

Art had the chicken and noodle dish and that's not even his thing.  He prefers rice dishes but thought it was excellent.

John got the porridge and gave me a sip.  It's got fish sauce already mixed in it so it's got a lot of flavor in addition to the other ingredients they added to it.  I was really impressed.  It's kinda hard to make a great tasting rice porridge bowl when by definition this is not the tastiest food.

So overall we were really impressed with the place.  An absolute solid 4 rating.  Again, this is the type of Chinese restaurant I wished existed everywhere in the States so that people would really understand how excellent Chinese food can be.

And the last thing about this place?  Totally affordable.  Each plate is about $7-8.  Ridiculous.  If I lived here in Vegas I think I'd almost come here every week.
