9qGnuoT91dg8WtVGVMbWAQ Very Disappointing is an understatement! Good China boasts on their website that they were the 2007 recipients of New York's Top 100 Chinese/Asian Fusion Award, and all I can say is that may have been so in 2007. However, Good China fails to live up to that reputation, today, 7-years later. My family has recently moved back to the United States from living in Singapore for the last 4-years, and we are originally from New York. So, we have a little knowledge in authentic Chinese food and Americanized New York Chinese food--and this eating experience really fell short.

Starting with the appetizers, we had "Spring Rolls", and for those of you New Yorkers, most restaurants have flavorful "Egg Rolls" that are stuffed with a combination of pork, shrimp, cabbage, carrots, bean sprouts, and Asian flavors. What we received were oil saturated "Spring Rolls". Because they were so oily, each bite oozed grease, canceling out any flavors from the vegetables and spices used. We could have literally squeezed out enough oil to reuse. We also ordered the "Crab Puffs", which many Chinese restaurants, including many in Singapore call "Crab Rangoon"--a type of dim sum. There was very little filling used inside the wrappers, and it seemed that someone might have been heavy handed with sugar, because they were incredibly sweet instead of savory. You could not even taste any crab (and they may have used imitation crab from the looks of it), nor could you taste the cream cheese since it had been turned into a dessert cream due to the over use of something sweet as a flavoring.

What can I say about the "War Wonton Soup"? The proper name for this soup is "Wor Wonton Soup", but what we had was "Slime Soup". The wontons had been so over cooked that they melted off the filling, producing an off-putting slimy texture. However, the broth was okay--a bit on the salty side.

Next, the main dishes we tried. We ordered "House Lo Mein". Obviously, they use Fettuccini Pasta instead of authentic Chinese Egg Noodles, this too was on the salty side and the meat was over cooked--not at all tender. We also had "Pork Egg Foo Young" (Egg Foo Yong), which were flat and cake-like in texture--nothing like Egg Foo Young. Egg Foo Young is, simply put, an egg omelet. Well, that is what it is in Chinese restaurants in New York and Singapore. How can you mess up an egg omelet? Oh, you can make it the consistency of cake! The sauce they use on top of it seems to be the same brown salty sauce used on other dishes we had like the "Garlic Shrimp". "Garlic Shrimp", in every place we have ever eaten it, is usually a light garlicky sauce--not a brown salty sauce with no hint of garlic taste.

The "Sesame Chicken", we are still not sure if there was actually chicken inside the heavily battered nuggets--the chicken was hard and over cooked. It also tasted like someone had poured a whole bottle of honey over the nuggets--no sesame seeds in sight. In addition, if it could not get worse, when you looked in the container of this supposed "Sesame Chicken", it seems they spooned in all the burnt residual batter crust that sits within the oil used for frying--meaning they are not periodically cleaning and changing the oil between orders--gross!

On the plus side, the "House Fried Rice" was descent, portion size was good, and the establishment looked clean. Overall, even though the prices are average, you are overpaying for poor quality food.
