a3jFGgoWbPkPGENEafiXwg I've been to Binion's Cafe a few times the last week while my car is in the shop and  had the opportunity to try some of the establishments downtown. 

I'll start with the good. I was promptly seated every time I came here. It's not a very big cafe though, so if you have a party bigger than 4 people, you may have to wait, especially during peak hours. Service was very good. You actually have two servers. One will continuously fill your drinks up, and they're very good at this, which I really like. If I'm gonna pay $3 for a soda (which isn't that bad compared to most places in Vegas), I want as many refills as I can handle. Never went a minute without soda. They serve Coke products, which was also a plus. The second server will take your food order and then bring your food and your check, and that's probably the most you'll see of your second server. This isn't unique-I've been to other places that also do this, and while you get better service, you feel compelled to double your tip, which brings the price up significantly. It's a Vegas gimmick I could live without. 

Now, the not so good. The server will bring your food to you quickly, which sounds nice, but it's not as nice as it sounds. The burger is okay, but it's not very big, although you do get a good portion of toppings. The quality of the meat is questionable. It's not angus beef. It's more like McDonald's. The burger was a little undercooked more than once. My French fries have been cold and not fresh every time I went here. I'd rather wait a little longer to get fresher and warmer food. I didn't feel rushed to eat and leave quickly though by the servers. It may be a little cheaper than other places, but it comes with a cost. 

The menu is not very big. There aren't a lot of options to choose from. I'd say Binion's Cafe is more of a quick eat and go place of the basics than a full fledged restaurant. 

There are no TV's, no Keno, no music, and there isn't a lot of room. The kitchen is actually right in the cafe. It's pretty bland and there isn't any kind of entertainment. A very small cafe without a lot of elbow room, and nothing else to do but quickly eat your undercooked food and get out quickly. 

If you can get a deal or a discount, and you want something simple and quick, Binion's Cafe is fine. I ended up paying $16 for a quarter pound burger, fries, and soda after a $4 tip (again, which is split between two people), and I think you can find a better value and better food for that kind of money somewhere else. Pay the extra money and go to a restaurant and not a cafe. Not terrible, but not excellent. Average.
