a58P2BPCCbQgDMbEoLfWzg It is not often that I will venture to a restaurant 2 days in a row.  It is not often I will Yelp about a restaurant two days in a row.  I have a feeling it is going to be often that I visit Emperor's Palace.  I have a feeling it is going to be often that I rave about their food.  I have a feeling that I will often tell everyone know to eat there.  Have you been there yet?  If not, go there now!  It is truly the best Szechuan Chinese, if not all Chinese in all of Cleveland.  After yesterdays visit, I realized there is way too much on the menu that I would like to eat.  Tonight I ate General Tso's Veggie Chicken.  At first I was confused what this meant, however I asked the restaurateur how this could be and she described it as a special mixture of vegetables which included mushroom, soy bean ham (excellent as it turns out), and onion among other ingredients.  She said she is Vegan herself.  
I thought that in my last days of omnivorous eating I would be taking in as much meat as I could, however the cooking is so skilled and fine tuned here, there is no need.  I challenge you to eat the General Tso's Veggie chicken and really tell me its not meat!  It is so good and filling!!!!
I also sampled my lover's dish, was Orange Chicken, which was in fact a real dead bird!  The chicken was fried to crispy perfection and the sweet sauce was perfect.  The restaurateur also told us they do not use white sugar but rather honey and brown sugar.  
We also shared a bowl of Hot and Sour soup which I will say for the first time I enjoyed.  My lover normally orders this wherever we go and I never like it.  Tonight I found Hot and Sour soup to be exceptional.
I have tried 5 different dishes so far and all have been delicious.  I wish I could eat them all but I fear I will simply not have the time.  I highly encourage a visit to this restaurant if you are at all on the fence about where to dine.  I live about 30 minutes outside of Cleveland and I know I will be making weekend trips here already.  I promise not to post an excessive amount of updates on my soon to be visits however I know I will want to.
Oh yea...as previously mentioned the décor is phenomenal.  I forget I am in the United States when here.  It is simply amazing!!!!
Oh yea # 2... the price point here is perfect, some of the best tasting food anywhere priced moderately per person.  This is a treat and a hidden gem I hope they stay around for a long long time even after I am gone.
