a5xUI7TvsNhM5gZr6KowDg Upon arrival, the atmosphere of the restaurant was quiet and welcoming. I loved the large Asian style umbrellas hanging from the ceiling in different tiers. My boyfriend and I went to this place as he'd been before and enjoyed the food. I ordered the General Tso's chicken as I was starving and ready to maul a plate of food. I ordered first, and as Joe ordered his food, he asked for white meat chicken. "Why ask for white meat chicken? This place charges $15 for an entree," I thought to myself. Well, indeed a place can charge whatever the hell they want per plate and still use chicken cuts I wouldn't put in my own dishes at home. I realized the meat in my order was dark, gummy, and stringy, however I figured I'd muddle through it and enjoy the crisp and sauce. I made it about a third of the way through my dish before encountering a gooey, gummy, ball of fat. I chewed until I thought I could stomach the bite, swallowed, and nearly gagged as part went down my throat and part was stuck on the back of my tongue.

I immediately felt sick to my stomach and the server, who I gathered may have been an owner, asked me if everything was alright. He was very sweet and attentive, so I didn't have the heart to tell him the General Tso's (standard order) had me on the verge of regurgitating my entire meal. I'm glad we had hot tea and that I had some wonton soup as an appetizer. Can I also mention there was shredded lettuce (not cabbage or the asian slaw) in my soup? Literally; shredded lettuce from a Subway sandwich should not be stewing in my bowl of soup.

I was happy my wonton soup was tepid at best, as it was easy to eat, but after I imagined what the chicken likely looked like before they battered and fried it, I thought to myself that the soup was likely under-temperature for what is passable by the ACHD.

I'd love to go back, but my stomach turns as I'm typing this review. Give it a shot, but if ordering something with chicken, by all means, request that it is White Meat. When they tell you "oh that's the amazing chicken" you'll know that the other type they serve is actually the pig slop.
