aCQbOhehLeej31x6EMY5eQ My boyfriend and I decided to try out this place during the weekend, since we have been hearing mixed reviews on the restaurant, some saying its "really good" and some saying "it's not worth the money, time, nor effort" ... so my boyfriend and I were "adventurous" and decided to finally try Spring Rolls.

Entering the place, the décor was really nice, and elegant. Our hostess sat us down in a booth, and told us our server would be with us momentarily. 
When she arrived, she seemed really rude, and short with us. Every time we would ask her a question regarding the rolls,  she would roll her eyes, and sigh saying "it's a roll with fish" (you don't say?!) after awhile she would just point to the pictures on the AYCE menu saying "this is what the rolls look like" and leave ... 
We decided to go with the Premium Menu, which is $3 more, and you get the chef specials, and dessert. And since we were told to "look" at the picture, my boyfriend decided to go with the steak (the picture looked really nice), he ordered a medium well steak, and the steak came out FLAT and it was WELL DONE - burnt to be precise ... we called our server back  and she was like "pictures we get from google, pictures are never like the food we serve" like WTFFFFFFFFFFF?! Didn't you tell us to look at the pictures provided?? 

But moving along ... we managed to try and complete our meal, we ordered a bunch of sushi, thai food, and dim sum. ... and the dim sum here is the WORST! I have had dim sum in a lot of places downtown, and nothing compares to the dry, undercook & cold dim sum they serve, and when we spoke to the server regarding the DRYNESS ... she told us "you have to eat it right away when you get it" ummm no, I have ordered dim sum PLENTY of times and I don't need to eat every single item once the dim sum touches my table to prevent it from "drying". Just admit it's frozen and the chefs at the back don't know how to steam it properly. 

But long story short: I won't be coming back. The attitude of that waiter turned me off completely, and for her to give attitude EVEN more since we didn't pay her much tip is beyond me. Tip is based on performance, and attitude, if you give attitude to your customers, don't expect a huge tip.
