aCQbOhehLeej31x6EMY5eQ A few of my coworkers and I came here for lunch during the week; we made a reservation and although we arrived at different times, we were promptly seated at our table.

One thing I did NOT like right off the bat is that they force your table to either go all AYCE or all off the menu. One of the folks with us wasn't sold on the AYCE but the rest of us wanted it so she compromised. I understand the reasoning, they dont' want someone eating off the regular menu eating the AYCE dishes we got, but still... As well, they put a limit on how much you can order at time. With regular AYCE restaurants, you fill out a sheet and it comes out gradually. We were limited to order 3 items each each time the server came by and he made a point of not coming by until we were almost done the first round we ordered. This was annoying.

That being said, I did enjoy the food that this place had. I ordered a bunch of things, cheese wontons (not nearly enough filling to call these a cheese wonton, but still tasty), green dragon rolls (good but missing that trademark dark sauce that makes them extra yummy), a type of banh mi sandwich (single serving size, excellent!), pad thai (awful, far far far too sweet, didn't finish it) and a few other dishes. The table also got an order of the pork and shrimp dumplings (pork ones were very very good, didn't try the shrimp) and some kind of breaded shrimp (okay but the sauce was like a tartar sauce and didn't really work), spicy tuna rolls (okay but nothing special), mango salad (good an refreshing but the mango was not ripe enough). All of it was tasty and freshly made.

Service was fine, our server was slightly annoying with the "you can do this but you can't do that" attitude. He did indicate it would take 40-60 minutes for the AYCE lunch but it took us more like an hour and a half to complete lunch. Don't come here if you're on a schedule or have a shorter lunch. Three of us had to call our bosses and tell them we were going to be late when it took forever to get the food out. 

At the end, when he took away our plates, he acted as if he was doing us a favor for not charging us for the excess food. This irks the hell out of me - if you have to charge me for uneaten food, then DO SO! I saw the note on the menu, I get it, you don't want food to go to waste. But he had already brought our bills and was clearing up when he made the comment. I told him I didn't like the pad thai and he told me that he didn't like it either, even though its their "famous" pad thai. 

Overall, a decent place for lunch but only come here if you have time to spare and you're not super hungry, yet. I was VERY hungry when I arrived and the service was far far far too slow for lunchtime. Regular AYCE restaurants are able to hammer dishes out quickly with multiple chefs and lots of servers. This place needs to step up their AYCE game or get out of the AYCE game altogether.
