aCQbOhehLeej31x6EMY5eQ This was my first introduction to Thai food ever, from old co-workers in Toronto.  We went to the Atrium on Bay location by the Eaton Centre and before even going in, I knew I would love the atmosphere.  There were always line-ups to get in this place whenever I walked by, so I knew it must be decent.  Big, modern, chic, cool design...all the locations have a similarity with clean lines, Thai decor, fun lights and artwork, etc. 

Since I had no idea what to order, I was advised to get the chicken or shrimp pad thai.  Immediately fell in love.  The tornado rolls, regular spring rolls and shrimp rolls were awesome as an appetizer.  The sexy summer rolls great too, but unless you know Thai food, they are a bit of a surprise regarding the fact that they are shrimp rolled up with carrot and lettuce in a soft rice? wrap, for dipping?  Not fried.  After this one visit, I felt semi-addicted to this place so have been back probably once a month for the last few years (the Yonge & Eglinton location, the St. Lawrence Market location, the one by Square One, and the Queen West that I can think of).  Take-out is available at all, and I've often had that.  I've often ordered delivery as well.  I find the food is best when eaten in the restaurant though.

Since becoming vegetarian, I now have either the veg pad thai, or veg chow mein, or veg Singapore vermicelli, etc.  All great.  What I miss most is the steamed shrimp dumplings.  They were my all-time favorite appetizer, but I can't sway from my vegetarianism now.  

The tempury cheesecake dessert is to die for as well.  You get three separate types, small little squares of each on the plate.  You could share it, but I devoured it quite easily when I thought I was pretty full.  LOL

The mango and coconut milkshakes are good too.

Liquore licensed.

Service has varied extremely.  I've had good and not so good service.  Once at the Yonge & Eg location, our food took so long and there was zero acknowledgment of the delay.  When the food did come, there was no explanation, etc so our tip reflected that.  I'm guessing it was just a bad day, maybe short-staffed in the kitchen, but the waitress said nothing, so oh well.  Other than that, no complaints that I can recall.

Biggest thumbs down about this place is that none of the locations seem to accept debit yet - my preferred method of payment.  Once I forgot and didn't have a credit card with me, so had to leave, walk to the bank to get cash, and bring it back to them.  I could've easily not gone back, but I'm not that type of person.  

Overall, still ove this place though, for the atmosphere and deliciousness.
