_j2EtQtgLuXGRBfbM5YwZA Yes, the food is delicious. Yes, the pot stickers were some of the best the I have ever had the opportunity to enjoy. So why not five stars? The service -- now on multiple occasions -- has been so bad, I had to take off one star. But imagine how good it is if I'm giving four stars for some of the worst service I've ever experienced!

Yes, it really is that good.

The funny story in all of this is that my wife and I were just wandering around looking for some breakfast on a lazy Saturday morning. Heavy breakfast at the Grand Lux? No thanks. Walk down to White Castle? Too far and too lazy. Then we saw the sign for Noodle Asia and thought that the idea of fried rice and pot stickers for breakfast sounded great! But when we walked up to the restaurant, we found out that it didn't open until 11 a.m. It was 10:30. So we sat down at a slot, lost $40, and then jumped up as others appeared ready to go to Noodle Asia.

First in line, we were ready to eat. We were seated. And then...nothing. Others had their orders taken but we just sat. And sat. And sat. As food started coming out for others, our order was finally taken, just seconds before we were going to get up and leave. Then others were seated, their orders were taken, and their food was served. We still had nothing.

It wouldn't have been so bad if we hadn't had two cups of hot and sour soup. How hard would it be to simply ladle the soup into a cup and bring it to us?

The problem is that this isn't the first time we have received this treatment at Noodle Asia. On our previous trip to Las Vegas, we had another situation in which we were seated, and after 20 minutes, we got up and left. We actually asked two servers if our order could be taken and they said that they would be right back. But still, nothing.

Once the food arrived, however, it was all worth it. The hot and sour soup was, well, hot AND sour. What a concept! We also ordered the Night Market Fried Rice, which was a fried rice with sliced beef, Thai chilies, bean sprouts, basil, and diced tomatoes. Don't believe the menu that claims that this rice is spicy, but it is incredibly flavorful. The basil flavor lingers throughout each bite and the sliced beef is tender and delicious.

The Pot Stickers were the clear winner of the day. The dough is not that super-thin, frozen pot sticker style. Instead, it is thicker, creating a great crust where it was pan fried, but leaving a nice bite through the rest of the dough. The pork inside has a wonderfully light ginger flavor. I added a touch of what appeared to simply be soy sauce with green onions as well as some chili paste to give it a little kick. The result was a flavor explosion in my mouth that I have never tasted before. These are a must order.

We also tried the Red Won Tons, which were not quite as successful. These, which were also listed as spicy on the menu but were not, had pork fillings and were tossed in Szechwan Hung Yao chili and presented in garlic sauce. The pork tasted similar to the pork in the pot stickers, but the garlic sauce was incredibly oily and tasted almost burned, ending with an unpleasant texture and taste in my mouth.

But it was well worth it. And that was just the basics. I can't wait to get back and try some more!
