adI5BlJCtvWq2uAwmyndXA I was here last night with a gathering of Yelpers.
We all arrived starving and sodden and were eager to tuck into the goodness we'd been hearing so much about.

After perusing the menu for what the wait staff clearly thought was a ridiculous amount of time -they tried to take our orders a number of times - we finally decided on a number of dishes.  We each ordered a main, and then chose some veggie and dumpling sides to go with our rice.  One member of our group ordered a fish dish which apparently takes "up to 50 minutes to prepare"  50 minutes for fish?  Seriously?  Well, we weren't bothered to just went with it.  It was one of the first mains to come out.  Soooooo when you say "up to 50 minutes" you mean, "if we wait 35 minutes to start cooking it, then it could take 50 minutes"

In any case, we were all very keen on our starters.  I absolutely loved the green beans which had the most magically amazing seasoning on them.  I have to admit that I ate most of the order.  Oops.  The dumplings were very tasty as well.  

The mains, though, kind of let me down.  I had spicy beef which was nice but the flavour got pretty old and boring after a few bites.  I literally just ate half of it and became too uninterested to eat the rest.  If I'm sitting in front of amazing food, I'll stuff myself until I feel unwell, but while I liked the beef, let's just say I wouldn't order it again.

I tried Jenny L's squid which had an ok flavour but I thought it was a bit overdone because it was tough and bordering on rubbery.  

I think that Chinese food is meant to be eaten family style.  Yes we all shared our food, but it was more of a "would you like to try what I ordered" kind of scenario.

On top of the food, I felt the staff were a bit disjointed.  They were all very nice, but I get tired of being interrupted several times during my meal, and I'm not keen on being visited by four different staff members all asking the same thing.  

I would definitely give Chop Chop another chance if a dinner was organized, because the food does have some serious tasty potential, but I wouldn't choose it myself.
