AFxhYWtszxGXaGGMnWZ9CA I've been a long term customer of August 8 starting back in 2009 when I visited their Hamilton/Ancaster locations. It is a chain restaurant that has locations in Downtown Hamilton, Ancaster, Oakville, and now Brampton. 

I visited the Brampton location 3 times before I decided to put in my review on Yelp. 2/3 times I visited I would have given it a 5/5, but one of the visits left me surprised at how rude some of the service turned out. 

Starting with the not so pleasant experience, We were a party of 7 and were promptly given our table. They came around with our drinks and we were ready to order. They have tablets from which you can order your food (which can freeze quite often - you can ask the servers on how to fix that) and so we started ordering our food. Halfway through, we started getting dishes that we hadn't ordered and so we told the servers and they would send them back. Clearly, something was wrong with our tablet and it was getting mixed up with another table's orders. We brought it to their attention a couple of times and they would take the tablet away to be fixed each time. The problem wasn't solved throughout our dinner and we continued to get dishes that we had't ordered. The servers were starting to get frustrated as well, though I can understand it wasn't their fault. One waitress, however, got very frustrated whenever we told her it wasn't our order, and proceeded to tell another waitress in front of us, in another language (that we conveniently understood) that our table was a pain and we kept sending all their orders back. Might I note that we were never rude in sending our orders back; we told them that it wasn't ours and that there was something wrong with our tablet so it was quite surprising that we received that kind of service. Needless to say, we weren't very happy and it wasn't a very pleasant experience. 

On a more positive note, the other two visits were very pleasant and the service was top notch. The food came fairly quickly despite the restaurant being very busy. Also, our waters and teas were never half empty. We were very happy with how the service went.

The ambience of the restaurant was very cozy with booths everywhere. Compared to their other locations, this is my favourite location in terms of ambience. Even though it was busy, the restaurant never got too loud and voices would be muffled. 

Menu wise, I have seen their menu grow throughout the years. They started with the basic sashimi and sushi rolls along with your basic dim sum options. Now, they have additions such as their blow torched rolls (rainbow, salmon, butterfish). I was also happy to see them move onto tablet ordering as I think it is more ecofriendly in the long run (they used to have pencil and paper orders). Their fish is fresh and tasty, rolls are of a large variety, and dim sum is on par with your regular chinese restaurant. In terms of AYCE, you probably can't get any better than that. 

Some of my recommendations on menu choices are: blowtorch salmon/butterfish/rainbow rolls, the California green salad, chicken katsu, all of their tempuras, salmon belly, mango pudding (ALWAYS). banana tempura with an order of ice cream (my favourite combination).

Overall, as I have mentioned before, I have been a fan of August 8 for years now and it is my go to place for AYCE sushi. The one unpleasant experience I had does deter me slightly, but not enough to not go back. I hope this location does well because I will definitely be back!
