ajkx7NWnjraj_uz20mdbhQ After a relatively late night and quite a few drinks I wanted to have some type of soup noodle before going to bed.  It was around 1:45AM by the time my cousin and I got back to Chinatown, which was where our hotel is located.

We tried to go to Keung which was nearby but that closes at 1:00AM.  Lucky for us Cuisine Cantonaise opened till 4:00AM.

We walked in and were seated immediately.  I was surprised to find it pretty busy but then again it was the only place open this late.

The menu has a few pages in English and French and then several pages at the end in Chinese.  Too bad my Chinese isn't good enough to order from that menu and the English/French list for soup noodles had maybe 5 options.

My cousin in his broken Cantonese asked the waiter what options of soup noodles they had.  He ordered a wonton noodle soup with wide flat noodles and I ordered the beef stew noodles.

I thought my dish was decent, of course full of MSG and the beef didn't have the chewy and skin parts that most beef stews have so that was slightly disappointing.  My cousin thought his wontons were too small.  And of course I responded with "That's what she said."

Anyways, now to the real draw of the place.  It's an awesome people watching place at night apparently.  After sitting down for a bit and waiting for our food, 3 middle aged Chinese prostitutes came in with their pimp.  They had hot pot, so if you're craving late night hot pot you can get it here.

I watched the table of prostitutes closely cause it was really interesting.  2 guys came in to talk to them within a 10-15 minute span of time.  With the first guy, I had no idea what was going on and second well he talked to them and also the guy at the counter.  The guy at the counter apparently lost a lot of money on a race...

I know I totally went on a tangent but to sum it up.  The food is decent, there's a huge menu you can choose from if you can read Chinese, and there's awesome people watching at night!
