aJR1iUWwNVBM692gq7adBA Terrible experience tonight. It was our first try at The Wok Express. When we ordered, the gentleman was friendly enough. But, he took our order wrong. We clearly said we wanted Walnut SHRIMP and he rang up chicken. We got our food and did not realize the mistake until we took a bite. (We were sharing) I went up to the counter and asked a woman (who was clearly the manager) if she wanted us to give back the chicken since we had already bitten into it. We wanted shrimp and I explained to her that the cashier must have rang it up incorrectly. She abruptly said that yes, she wanted it back, and that I must pay the difference. It was only ONE DOLLAR so I asked her why I had to pay the difference if it wasn't my fault they rang it up wrong. I told her we were in a hurry, were hungry, and needed to go and this was sort of making us late. 

I didn't mind paying the difference, but I thought I would just ask why I had to pay it if it wasn't my fault. I was really nice about it and assumed that most places would want to please the customer or make up for the mistake somehow. Instead, this woman snapped at me. She said "Well I have to charge you and no, you can't keep the old one. I can't just give it to you. So you pay the $1.85." She was raising her voice and seemed really agitated. So I said "I thought I would just ask because this wasn't our fault and now we have to wait for a new one." SHe looked at me and said "Well, you can pay for it or you can have the cashier pay for it? Hmm? How about I have him pay for your whole meal and that way you can get it free??" At this point, she was downright angry. I told her that there was no need to have him pay for it and that I felt bad making him do that. I calmly just told her that she was making me uncomfortable so I'd pay for it, but that I probably wasn't coming back to eat there since they treat their customers so poorly. Her reply? "Fine, I can refund you the entire meal and you don't come back and you can leave!" 

At this point, I felt really awkward so I just gave her my money and said my kids were hungry, we were hungry, and I needed to just eat. She took it and proceeded to run back to the cooking area and YELL in Chinese and point to me. She was yelling! She was clearly so angry at me. I felt SOOOOO uncomfortable and was really shocked that she was being so rude to me. 

After we ate we noticed the cashier, who was stocking the drink station, and told him we were sorry. We weren't trying to get him in trouble or make him pay and knew it was just an honest mistake. He seemed fine and was very nice, but I will NEVER go there again. Anywhere that makes me feel THAT uncomfortable will not receive my business. Maybe I should have just paid the difference, but for some reason I expected a little customer service. Especially since the chicken was gross and we wanted shrimp. 

To end my review, I will say this... The food was odd. It made me feel sick and tasted weird. The shrimp was supposed to be lightly coated but it was straight up fried. Their cream cheese wontons tasted like synthetic cream cheese somehow. REALLY gross. Maybe I ordered the wrong thing? At any rate, Goodbye Wok Express. You lost MY business for SURE!
