AtD6B83S4Mbmq0t7iDnUVA Found this place on yelp while we were running errands in their area. Previous reviews mention that it is a 'vegan' restaurant and I want to clarify that since they use eggs, including some of the noodles, it is a vegetarian restaurant, but there is no shortage of options to choose if you so desire a vegan meal. 

We ordered the crispy wanton appetizer, veggie house soup, crispy beef, crispy scallop, and the fried rice with egg. 

The filling in the wonton was sort of a veggie mash that was bland and the wonton wrapper was thick and rather starchy. You definitely needed to dip it in the sweet sauce that accompanied the dish. 

The soup was a mild cabbage broth with celery, bits of carrot, fennel, and tofu cubes. I found myself adding more and more white pepper to season it. I appreciate low sodium in dishes, but it still should be seasoned well to avoid a blah blandness. 

The crispy beef was pretty tasty. You have to eat it right away or the sauce gooeys the crispyness into mush. The crushed peanuts on top added a nice texture. The broccoli that was served along side the dish was just steamed and a bit on the cool side when it reached our table. 

The crispy spicy scallops had a sweet in spicy sauce that had red bell peppers and thinly sliced Persian cucumbers. The scallops were good for me but my partner couldn't get over the chewy texture. They use giant oyster mushroom stems to make the scallops. There was definitely a taste of mushroom. Not the dish for you if you don't like mushrooms. 

The fried rice had raisins, pineapple, peas, egg, veggie ham, and veggie crab. The rice was typical fried rice in flavor with a small note of sweetness from the raisins and pineapple. The veggie ham pieces were so small, you didn't even notice them. The veggie crab had the consistency of little gelatinous snot balls and did nothing for the dish. I picked them out. 

The service was great. Our server was overly happy and constantly smiling and even brought our toddler a free bowl of steamed rice.
 The ice tea is worth noting. They brew it there using red tea leaves. It was crisp and refreshing and we prob had 5 refills. The green tea is not loose leaves but is in a tea bag added to your tea pot. 

I would not go out of my way to come back, but if I was in close proximity, and hungry, and it was lunch time so I could get the $6.50 lunch special, then I'd prob pop in for more of that crispy beef.

So 2 stars for the food and an extra for our friendly server.
