AtD6B83S4Mbmq0t7iDnUVA Delicious vegetarian restaurant located in Chinatown, in the same plaza as some other eateries (including Swish Shabu Shabu and Island Malaysian Cuisine) and a supermarket. Located on the 2nd floor, close by the stairs.

Anyways, when we entered, on Christmas Eve a little before 6:30 pm, we waited about 10-15 minutes for a table for 2. After we were finally seated and looked over the menu, we ended up ordering:

Turmeric Salad, $5.95 prior to tax- This salad automatically comes with the dressing on the side. I really liked this salad. It is made with a mix of the healthy dark green leafs, Romaine lettuce and spinach. The flavors were good, especially the dressing. And this is a great starter to share with another person. 

Curry Duck, $12.95 prior to tax- I thought this curry duck was good, but my husband really liked this more. I thought the "duck" itself was average, and wished the texture was better. I liked the sauce of this dish. I liked that there were braised green beans in this entree. This dish is good, but not as good as I was hoping it would be. I probably wouldn't order this again.

Spicy Veggie Crispy Beef, $13.50 prior to tax- The texture of this entree is very similar to beef. I really liked the flavors of this dish as well. I thought the sauce was good. I liked the chopped nuts (well I think they are nuts, but they may have been something else) on top of the beef and I also liked that there were a few broccoli florets on this plate, but would have been nice to have a little bit more. 

Both the curry duck and crispy beef entree came with your choice of brown or white rice. My husband and I opted for the brown rice (which was made perfectly).. 
---------------------
(Total= $35.02 after tax, prior to tip)

Service was good for the most part. Our server was nice and gave good recommendations. I appreciated his input when I asked him what his opinion was for some of the menu items. But we did wait quite a while to get our check and to get our boxes to take home some of our leftovers. 

By the way, there is a $6 credit card minimum and there is also free WiFi here (chefkenny, one word). 

There is also one single men's restroom and one single women's restroom. The women's restroom was clean upon this visit and stocked with the essentials. 

The 4 employees working here all speak English and are nice. They are more than happy to explain any of the menu items. 

Will definitely come back here again. Would like to try their veggie happy roll and some of their lunch specials.
