AtUtG-oQp1rkk6ZdYcfSzw We came to Cafe Hollywood to try out their chicken wings specifically, because one of our friends suggested that it's some of the best wings around. We had reserved a table for 10 for Saturday lunch at 1pm, and it was definitely worth planning ahead, because they place was jam-packed with many people waiting at the door when we arrived.

Environment:
Not to confuse with its other location nearby at Pacific Mall, this Cafe Hollywood is located near Warden/Denison and is not accessible through only taking TTC. For those who drive, there are ample of parking at the plaza. 
I have been to the other location at Pacific Mall as well, and personally, I think I prefer this location better because the space is brighter with more natural light, and it didn't feel as cramped. 
Keeping aligned with the restaurant name, the restaurant was decorated in Hollywood themed pieced, but it wasn't as decked out as the Planet Hollywood restaurants.  

Food:
The reason we reserved our table at 1pm was because they have a Wings Special, which as opposed to paying $16.99 for 20 wings, you can get the wings for $10 if you order a pitcher of any drinks (alcoholic or non-alcoholic).
We ordered 5 baskets of wings to share, which included flavours such as the Original HK Style, the Chili Pepper, and the Honey Garlic. The wings came with fries on the side and also some gravy for dipping.
When the wings arrived they were fresh from the fryer and they were absolutely addicting. The wings were fried to perfection as skin was super crispy and the meat was really soft and juicy. In terms of flavour, the only difference between Original HK Style and the Chili Pepper was that Chili Pepper had some black pepper and garlic sprinkles drizzled on the top, while the Original HK Style had no additional seasoning. The Chili Pepper definitely tasted better and it wasn't very spicy at all. 
However, that's where the table turned. The Honey Garlic was absolutely HORRENDOUS. The friend who suggested the order started saying the wings were "alright", but gradually his words became "this is torture" and later on lead to "I can't take this anymore". Yeah...that basically says how terrible the Honey Garlic wings were. The fault was mainly in the sauces that they use, such that it basically tasted like a crappy supermarket western BBQ sauce, and despite its name, it contained neither honey nor garlic. 
The fries and gravy were awesome as well. The fries were freshly cooked and were crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. The gravy was to die for that I didn't even bother to use ketchup on my fries. 
To get the wings special, we ordered pitchers of beer, soy milk, and milk tea, which ranged between $12-15. The drinks weren't very good as the milk tea was way too sweet and the beer felt diluted. 

Service:
Even though we booked our table for 1pm and we arrived a little bit later than our stated time, we actually didn't get to sit down until 1:20pm. It was very awkward starting at the front entrance, because we were already in a pretty big group and there were also many other customers waiting for a table, so the entrance was completely blocked. 
It was a little bit on the slow side in terms of service. Since they were quite busy during the Saturday lunch hour, it was very difficult to get the server's attention. Though the food came out after around 10-15mins of wait, which was acceptable.

Overall, I would come again for their wings because there were very good and the wings special was a good deal. The reason I gave it a 3/5 was mainly because of the nightmarish Honey Garlic flavour and also the slow service.
