AtUtG-oQp1rkk6ZdYcfSzw Cafe Hollywood had its recent relaunch at Hollywood Square just north of where its previous located.  For years it was mainstay at the Market Village but after years gone by and with possible demolition and renovations to be done at Market Village, the owners decided to move their restaurant one block up the street.

We got there on a Saturday afternoon and were fortunate to find a seat right away.  The place was filling in pretty good and shortly after we sat down, a lineup all the way out the door began to form.  The restaurant appears to be slightly larger than the previous restaurant with a nice fireplace at the front entrance with large trophies on the right and Oscar like mannequins on the left.  We took a look at their new menu which feature many of the famous Cha Cha Tang's foods.  I went with the Curry Beef with Rice ($7.50) while my kid had the Ham and Eggs ($5.99) Combo.

All our combos came with some fresh heated buns and a beverage to down our food with.  They were nice simple starters to have and greatly appreciated.  For some of the other combos that were ordered that day, a soup (usually minestrone) was offered to the guests.

The Ham and Eggs arrived soon afterwards and it was well ham and eggs.  Nothing really special with them other than a few extra pieces of vegetables that were added in addition to the ham and eggs. There was really nothing special about the meal as it was simple as it was going to get.

My Malaysian Curry Beef with Rice arrived soon afterwards as well.  The rice and some vegetables were placed on a different dish while my curry beef was placed in a bowl next to it.  I mixed the two up and had tasted the curry.  I have to admit it was one of the better curries I have had in quite some time.  The curry certainly had a distinct spiciness to it.  The pieces of the beef were nicely cut, and the cube potatoes had plenty of flavor to them as well.  There were lots of beef the bowl as they certainly did not skim back on it.

Overall, we had a pleasant time there.  Despite the long lineups out the door to this place, we were never rushed and never had our bill left discreetly at our table. I know other sites have this place rated quite low and truthfully my experience was almost the complete opposite.  I was thoroughly impressed with the meal that I got.  Others around me had some BBQ pork noodles and also found it to be pretty good.  The ham and eggs I agree might have been too simple.  This is "Hollywood" after all so a higher expectation may be warranted. However with a new location, a new chapter might have emerged here.  The old place was starting to get old and this could be a beginning of something new.  I certainly will give this place a try again somewhere down the road.  No major complaints on my end.
