AUFFJBCh6spwBFJI6SnITg This is an Americanized Chinese Fast Food place. There are a few Chen & Wok's that are not the 'Express' in Phoenix that will cook-to-order (after you order they cook it) but the menus are basically the same. The Orange Chicken at the 7th St. location is spicy = decent.

Chinese cuisine is mostly fresh vegetables (gai-lan, bok choy, spinach, long beans, bean sprouts, winter/bitter melons), very few deep fried items, very little to no sauce added, and don't come with broccoli. None of which you'll find here nor at the beloved Panda Express.

What I have found is a well made lo mein. Not wet or crispy, it's wokked up with slivers of carrots, onions, cabbage, and a bit of sugar. It's great with the House Special Chicken.

The House Special Chicken uses the usual deep-fried chicken pieces that sit in the heated bin for half of the dishes on the menu. They used to cook a separate batch right after you order it about 2 years ago but no more. :( But it's the garlic sauce with lots of green onion that makes this pretty tasty. A few drops of Sriracha makes it awesome sauce. The batter used on the chicken is medium in density and is usually very crispy.

The Teriyaki Chicken is stir fried without the breading and the chunks are tender and decent sized. The sauce is a little on the heavy side and there's lots of it.  I've had this a few times with a 2-item combo.

The beef with broccoli seems to be pretty typical. The beef had been tenderized a ton and a few times tasted more like beef jerky. The broccoli is stir fried to the point where it gets limpy but I don't ever remember seeing it look bad. The spicy beef is the same tenderized meat but with big chunks of green (and red?) pepper and onions. Not exactly spicy. Not exactly preferred.

I like the steamed white rice as it's not too sticky and not grainy/dry. But I will always get the lo mein instead. The crab puffs/rangoons are okay and are of a decent size and a lot come in an order. The egg rolls have changed in the last few years and haven't looked tryable.

I think the important thing is to have a peek behind the glass at the items sitting in the warmers and figure out what you think looks good.

It's usually quick counter service and it's got fast-food feel all around it. It's inexpensive. The tables are a bit close together. It's a part of a little strip mall North of an Albertsons. The entrance and main windows face East so it gets REALLY warm in there during the summer afternoons. And of course, beware of the light rail construction.
