AVLj5MSJD1si-Rl6X6qTXQ The first time I came here with some coworkers a few months ago, I had only good things to say about it. So when my mother and sister said they were craving dim sum, it was the first place I thought of taking them. Unfortunately, we were so disappointed in the experience that I am definitely not going back. First, as other reviewers have mentioned, you are charged for tea without being told. Most dim sum places don't charge, and if they do, I am usually made aware. There were only about 3 or 4 other tables of customers while we were there. It was not busy at all, which is why having such rude service was surprising (Not that poor customer service is ever okay...) At first, things were not so bad. We opted for the All-You-Can-Eat dim sum option as it was only $18.99. I was excited. All I could think about were the Crispy Shrimp Wontons that I loved so much the first time I came here. We ordered a bunch of things and most of it came out at the same time, with a reasonable amount of wait-time. Everyone was pleased with the food initially - perhaps we were just so hungry that anything we ate in that moment would have been satisfying. However, the shrimp wontons I had been dreaming about since December, were not as good as I remembered. They were far too oily and ended up making me feel terrible. The shrimp rice rolls were 90% rice paper so I cut off the excess parts and placed it on a plate to discard. Once the server saw this, she made a comment in her language (which I obviously did not understand). It was rude and unnecessary. Awhile later, I asked another server for more napkins. She looked at me annoyed, scoffed, walked to get napkins and dropped them on my table. At this point we were just baffled at how rude the servers were. To top it all off, we watched the rude napkin server lady, stop a young couple who was leaving, point to their bill and say "10%" (insinuating that they were obligated to leave a 10% tip), the poor girl took out a toonie or two and gave it to the lady!!! Normally I leave a 20-25% tip for good service AND good food. 15% for good food and satisfactory service. 10% for satisfactory food/service and 0% if the service is terrible (regardless of If the food is disgusting or amazing). Food quality is important to me, but customer service is what truly makes the experience. I will not be coming back to this place. The food is not worth the way you are treated.
