B41kSVjdFOwOrZTuJaTF7g This is the go-to restaurant for my family and we come here every single time I'm back in Mississauga for a visit from out of town. Decent northern Chinese cuisine that is authentic but also inviting for non-Chinese friends too. You can drive to Markham for good northern Chinese food but sometimes that's just too far.

Atmosphere: modern decor that shows off Chinese culture through the photos. You order through a n iPad which is so much easier than the written menu because each item is attached to a picture so you know exactly what you're getting. There are also some private rooms for group events as well as booth seats for two, so it's good for all occasions. They recently changed the front sign to black which is a strange restaurant presentation, but it is to match with the rest of the plaza.

Food: Many spicy dishes, but we always pick the milder ones. The food is decent portioning and we always leave with plenty left overs.

Some of our favourites:
Beef pancakes5/5- Even compared to Chinese restaurants in Richmond, BC, we preferred this location. Plenty of sliced beef and sauce!
3 variety appetizers4/5- good mix of spicy cold appetizers. the last time I was here, they were low on the jellyfish.. but still a good classic when you're here with more than 3 people. There is a larger 5 variety appetizers for a bigger group.

Other 3/5 ones:
sweet sour chicken - crispy and well coated. they don't cheat on the amount of meat.
Beijing beef wraps - this used to be good but each time we order it, the quality varies. Most recently, it came with a lot of meat but was missing the sauce and more greens..
Cumin lamb- cumin + lamb is one of my favourite meat and spice combination (especially in skewer form!). So simple yet tasty. This used to be good but in the most recent visit, the meat was way too oily.

Service: the iPad menu makes ordering so easy, and the server comes to you at the touch of a button. the room is designed so that it is easy to see the main desk from most of the seats so getting the staff's attention is not troublesome.

Overall I enjoy my visits to this restaurant, but in the recent visits, the food quality has been inconsistent.
