bCa0CY4F74N5lCEVOquKkg I went to Grit & Grace with friends on February 13.  For a Thursday night, it was nicely crowded but not too packed.  It did take a couple weeks to get a reservation.  The bar area is very chic and is a decent size.  The main dining area is also aesthetically pleasing and has warm lighting.  There are interesting art installations on the walls between tables in the main dining area as well.  The lighting is both artsy and very functional.  There are some communal-type tables but my group was seated at a large U-shaped booth, which was pleasantly cozy.

The service was pretty decent.  There were a couple times we had to flag the waitress down, but I blame that in part because we ordered things in a staggered fashion as we were waiting for a friend to join us.

We ordered all of the dim sum options that night, including a Brussels sprouts dish, salmon tartare, a kimchi dish, pork belly, and breaded sweetbreads.  These were all very nicely done.  The pork belly had my mouth watering for more.  Probably if I had to rate the best to least best, the pork belly was the best, then the Brussels sprouts, the salmon tartare, the sweetbreads, and the kimchi.  The kimchi was good but kind of typical for kimchi.  I thought the salmon tartare was really unique.  The Brussels sprouts were tasty but it is sort of a trend at local restaurants lately.  

A friend and I split braised short ribs made with rice noodles, bean sprouts, broccolini, mushrooms, onion, and garlic.  I thought the short ribs were very flavorful, tender and juicy.  We also split braised goat which was done with appams, and garlic/ginger smashed potatoes, with curry.  The smashed potatoes were awesome, and the combination of the goat (which was firm but not overdone) with the potatoes, wrapped in the appams (rice pancakes) with creme fraiche was delicious.  The potatoes were nicely browned and crispy on the outside.  The appams were also cooked well - not too dry, and a nice consistency paired with the rest of the dish.  

The wine list is rather good.  I had a petite chenin for a good price ($9), which was great because I don't see petit chenins in Pittsburgh restaurants that often.  I also had a G&G Club Cocktail which was a fresh take on a bourbon cocktail.  It included orange bitters; anything with bitters is good in my book - bitters are good for your health!

Overall I had an enjoyable dining experience at Grit & Grace, and look forward to my next visit!
