beuVp5CZxCdNvQIIPBS2rw Chubby Cattle, I really wanted to like you. I have been waiting for you to open for ages. Ever since I heard wind of "Little Lamb" opening and that it is a similar concept to Little Sheep Mongolian Hot Pot, I had been ecstatic. 

Chubby Cattle has a very interesting concept when it comes to hot pot. For half of their tables, everyone at the table gets their own individual pot. The other half gets a shared pot for those who don't mind. On top of that, they have a conveyor belt for certain hot pot items that you can grab. The items are on different colored plates that differentiate the cost of each item. Just keep in mind that meats and a majority of the seafood items won't be on the conveyor belt. 

My friends and I came here last night for dinner. When we first got in, the hostess greeted us and proceeded to ask if we have reservations. Her question threw me off because I have never been to a hot pot place where they asked for reservations. She then told us that she could seat us but it would be shared pot and it will not be by the conveyor belt. 

We want to be able to experience the conveyor belt and we told the hostess that. Instead of giving me an estimated time, she just gave me negative statements such as, "I just can't sit you there right now. I have a reservation coming in at 7:15, 7:30, etc. I just can't." Well, that's great. Why do I care about what reservations you have coming? She eventually told us that it'll be a 45-60 min wait. She said she'd call us if the table was ready early or we can come back in an hour. Sure enough we came back in an hour and when she saw us, she told me, "I tried calling you but it didn't work." I was really tempted to say, "Well, did you dial 1 first?" Without another word, she walked off. So, the hostess is unprofessional, not personable, overwhelmed, and doesn't know how to use a phone. 

When we got seated, the table wasn't completely set up. Why? Because the hostess sat us without taking that into mind. It took a while before we got to order our soup bases and when we did, our server told us they were out of their original and original spicy. Well, why am I here then? I almost walked out but the manager came up to inform the server that if we were willing to wait 10 minutes, then the original and original spicy would be ready. And of course we opted to wait. In the end, I ended up with their original spicy soup base at medium. It was pretty bland in flavor. The soup tasted like spicy water that smelled like spicy herbs. 

When we looked through the menu, we were a little curious about some of the dishes. There were single dishes and then there were combo dishes. We wanted to know the differences between them -- like, what is the better bang for our buck. We asked our server and he knew nothing. The manager had to come over to explain. Even then, according to the server, the beef & lamb combo platter, they don't serve the dishes by weight. The kitchen just does the best that they can to fill the plate up. So if I knew someone who worked in the kitchen, I can get a hook up right? We ended up ordering a plate of beef brisket and lamb shoulder. The quality of the beef brisket wasn't that great but the lamb shoulder slices were decent.

Aside from the meats, we also ordered napa cabbage and watercress. The napa was fine but the watercress wasn't fresh at all. A lot of yellow and browns on the leaves. We also ordered their fresh thick noodle and when I was ordering it, the server suggested the noodle combo. Of course, being curious, I asked what's in the noodle combo. He told me it was random and the kitchen decides on that. Well then, why am I ordering from a server? Should I just order from the kitchen directly? Maybe they'll know more about what's being served to me. On that topic, the fresh thick noodles were not fresh -- they were dry. They were also not thick, they were thin. They were thinner than spaghetti noodles. The texture of it was really good though and tasted great when cooked in the spicy soup base. I just wish they were thicker. 

From the conveyor belt, we got some king oyster mushrooms, enoki mushrooms, and glass noodles. They were pretty okay but we also noticed that a lot of the plates were not consistent in the amounts. Some plates looked like they had more product than the next even when it's the exact same item. 

Our server did apologize for his performance. It was his third day on the job and he was overwhelmed and his knowledge was limited. I'm not sure if that's the greatest excuse but I do appreciate the apology though. 

Bottom line, I'm not sure if I would return. The establishment has a great outward appearance to everything they do: conveyor belt, presentation of their seafood plates, table set up, etc. But the service wasn't great from square one and the quality of certain items were only average unless you spend a lot more. I've experienced better in general. The conveyor belt was a fun experience though! Was worth it just once.
