--SrzpvFLwP_YFwB_Cetow Come to think of it I haven't been to this Keung Kee location in a very long time, since I live closer to the one at Steeles/Warden T&T plaza, and let's just say it was not worth the extra commute. I'd give the other location 3.5 stars but only 2 here before the food wasn't as good in comparison.

Environment:
There are 3 big plazas at the Finch/Midland intersection, and Keung Kee is located at the 3rd plaza north of the intersection. The parking space is rather tight but there are a few extra spaces at the back of the plaza if you don't mind walking a little bit more. 
The restaurant is pretty big with many large round tables in the middle, that can fit groups of 6-10. The decor are really pretty as well and the space was bright and clean. I was here for weekday dinner and the restaurant was quite empty, with only customers sitting on the smaller tables at the edges. 

Food:
We ordered BBQ Pork, Pork Belly with Taro in Casserole, Minced Pork with Noodles, and Pork Bone Congee. 
The BBQ Pork is always my go-to dish at this restaurant because the flavour is amazing and the meat is very soft. It did not disappoint. 
The Pork Belly with Taro was also a great dish as well, if you don't mind eating some fat. Personally, I think the fat is absolutely the best part of the dish because it just melts in your mouth and it didn't feel greasy at all. 
Minced Pork with Noodles was pretty average and the portion was smaller than I expected. Not a great dish to get from their noodles section.
The Pork Bone Congee had great flavour, but it's not something that I would have liked in a congee dish. The congee had a really strong black pepper taste which I thought was too over-powering, as congee dishes tend to be pretty light in terms of flavour. Also, given that the restaurant's full Chinese name <U+5F3A><U+8BB0><U+9E21><U+7CA5> includes the word "congee" in it, I was expecting a lot more from this dish. 
For dessert, we each received a small bowl of sweet tofu. The tofu was very soft and I liked the slight ginger taste in the syrup. 

Service:
Non-existent service. Had to call them many times to get our request across. Even though the restaurant was only like half full they still seemed to be understaffed, so the waiters were always busy and on the go. 

The bill ended up being $45 after tax for the 3 of us, which wasn't really that bad come to think of it. However, the food just wasn't spectacular at all, and I would much rather visit the other Keung Kee location.
