beuVp5CZxCdNvQIIPBS2rw Hot pot is something you don't hear to often in the Las Vegas foodie scene let alone Mongolian food. To my surprise, I was very excited about this restaurant opening especially finding out that they would have a conveyor belt full of various dishes.

The family and I decided on this place because we were pretty much Chinese, Korean, Japanese, Vietnamese and even Filipino out. We have been wanting to try something new and different for a awhile. Since I'm the designated unofficial planner for my family. I pulled up my Yelp account and came across Chubby Cattle that I bookmarked.

When we got to Chubby Cattle, the staff immediately greeted us and we were seated upon entering within 2 minutes on a Friday night. We got place with a table that was next to a conveyor belt, because not all seating arrangement have a conveyor belt. Our server Kwan, was very friendly and attentive to our needs and explained to us the concept. We decided on the Halloween Special Combo at the time since it was suggested by our server. We got a huge pumpkin carved out wit a variety of meats, shrimp & dumplings. Included was a bowl of various vegetables. I personally like the fact that the Hot Pot was built with a divider so we had the option of 2 soup base. One was tomato paste broth and the other was a mushroom flavor broth. Both were delicious and paired well with everything that came on our combo. There was a few dishes we added ala carte from the conveyor belt like quail eggs which happens to be a favorite of mine and my sisters. Overall the whole experience was amazing and definitely will be a topic for discussion with our extended family and friends. The cool thing about our dinner was how my parents actually enjoyed their meal. Even though they are biased with many Asian restaurants. 

The only thing I noticed that could be improved on is their clarification of the menu. It could use more description of what is being offered and specifically how big of a portion each combo can feed. Plus the options of adjusting according to group sizes would be beneficial. However, everything was great and I would recommend everyone to try this dinning experience out!

Kwan, Thanks again for the awesome service! :)
