beuVp5CZxCdNvQIIPBS2rw If I come here too often, I'm going to become a chubby(-er) Chris.

In spite of the telltale location in the corner of the popular and very parking-deficient Spring Mountain Plaza (Jones near Spring Mountain, also home to Chada and District One and so on), it didn't register to me that Chubby Cattle was once home to HK Star and then Imperial One until I saw the latter's name on my receipt. I only knew it as this "Mongolian Hot Pot" place that was getting talked about on Yelp and in foodie circles - until I finally went on the night of what was actually considered a grand reopening of sorts.

I was able to join a group of Yelp buddies to try out this Chinese take on hot pot, which differs from the common Japanese shabu shabu locally and the Vietnamese hot pot which accounts for most of my experience in this type of cooking. We eventually got seated at tables with support for individual hot pot support. This allows everyone to have their own choice of broth and to eat at their own pace, which is surely more equitable than potentially having one person cook for the time, and more reasonable than the somewhat frenzied rush that I've seen in situations with one huge shared pot. Plus, you can still exchange tastes of different broths with your tablemates if you're so inclined.

Oxtail Soup Base ($6.99): interestingly, everybody at my table wanted to try what appears to be a new option, rather than their established and loved options such as original, tomato, or mushroom. I couldn't say that that the oxtail broth bestowed really distinctive flavors like a tomato broth might have, but it definitely added meatiness and was properly seasoned, the latter of which is essential because it's the vehicle for cooking everything else.

Beef Combo ($18.99, 13 oz): brisket, ribeye, Japanese Wagyu. I was advised that it was hard to discern differences between the thinly-sliced meats while eating, but I definitely tasted the rich marbling and tenderness wagyu before I realized what I was enjoying, and the ribeye was also enjoyable. The brisket is definitely tender and flavorful enough on its own and would be a reasonable budget option. These all cooked up quickly in the hot pot, so I was really just submerging them for a few seconds before pulling them out with some pinkness still visible.

Hand-cut Texas Dorper Sheep ($7.99, 5 oz): like the beef, thinly sliced. Unlike the beef, gamey flavor - but not all that gamier than lamb, although it was a slightly different quality. I definitely enjoyed it and would urge lamb-lovers to give this a try.

Mixed Mushroom Basket ($12.99): literally a basket of all of their mushroom options. I'm not so much of a mushroom connoisseur, so I could've been just as happy (and not so light-walleted) if I'd only picked up an order of enoki, but they were at least useful for texture and flavored my broth to the point that it tasted like mushroom soup by the time I was done with all the cooking and only had a little broth left to sip.

Veggie Combo Platter ($12.99) - couldn't exactly tell you which items are in here, but there were a few different leaves and herbs that add nuance and texture to your hot pot. This and the Mixed Mushroom Basket are probably best enjoyed with a larger group.

Green Tea Noodle ($3.99) - I wouldn't say that I tasted green tea, which tends to be a subtle flavor anyway, but the noodles tasted quite fresh. It's quite a small portion though, so you may need to grab double if you're hoping for a lot of noodle all the way until meal's end.

There is a sauce station in the middle of the restaurant floor where you can mix sauces and fresh components (especially green onion and cilantro) to your palate's pleasure. I was a bit unfamiliar with this, so I tried to follow their simple recipes which they suggested as pairings for beef (ponzu, green onions, and a little chili oil) and lamb (sesame sauce, sacha sauce, chili sauce) respectively. The beef sauce was pretty good, but I couldn't locate the sacha sauce for the lamb accompaniment and wound up throwing in soy sauce instead. I found myself not using the sauces at all about halfway through the meal though, because the combination of meats and broth were really that good.

Another note on the cooking: you'll want to adjust down your heat (ask a server if you can't figure it out) or else the water in your broth base will boil off too quickly, Play around with it and have fun.

I'd probably put Chubby Cattle at about 4.5 stars, but it's rather tough to imagine significantly better hot pot. The meats were very enjoyable from start to finish, the veggies were fresh, and the value was reasonable. I'll have to branch out to more meats and maybe even locate a seat near the conveyor belts next time, although that seems like a bit of an unnecessary gimmick in light of my excellent meal.
