BHi4nZxX5oYYu175aSY4sw Every now and then, I like to throw weird, random references into my reviews. 

Sometimes, they're actually helpful. 

Today, I mention Schroedinger's Cat; a thought experiment wherein you imagine a cat sealed inside a completely opaque box (or something like that, I'm no scientist-in fact, I've mentioned said cat in a review once before. I just really like the reference). 

The idea is that without opening the box you can't know whether the cat is alive or dead. For all intents and purposes (except its own), the cat can thus be said to exist in two states-living and dead- simultaneously, until the box is opened.

Jack Tan's has windows and doors, and pretty nice ambiance for a random lunch spot at Bay and College. It also does not serve cat. 

It does serve a variety of dishes from across Asia, which is how I get to Schroedinger. Jack Tan's is simultaneously an enjoyable Vietnamese/Thai restaurant, and a horrible chinese restaurant. 

Across a series of lunches, strong items include excellent Vietnamese-style spring rolls with bubbly crispy skins, soothing pho ga and spicy green curry noodle soup teeming with crisp veg and fresh strips of white meat. A won ton soup is more like the stuff my timid friends get when we go for viet; coarsely ground chicken in thin wrappers seasoned with plenty of black pepper. sweet and sour spare riblets have more depth than sugar or pucker, which suits me fine. 

Chinese dishes are uniformly unsuccessful. 

A few times a year I get a hankering for ma po tofu. Jack's lacks pork and the numbing quality that comes with szechuan peppercorns. it's as though he prepared a batch of hot and sour soup, but tilted the ration to load it with bean curd and corn starch. Fried green beans are similarly unbalanced; too many olives makes the dish a sodium bomb. Cantonese-style crispy noodles are food-court grade OK, but not at sit-down prices. 

Service is pleasant and well-informed, although we did feel pushed towards the gwai lo parts of the menu (one dining companion probably didn't help matters by requesting a knife and fork, or larger plates, or tea "with the meal", or "not spicy", or "no vegetables")...

So manybe Jack Tan's is better than this review suggests. i should probably come back by myself.
