_xAJZOKBMPOe47p1MphB2w WARNING : THEY WILL RIP YOU OFF LIKE CRAZY! 

Ok, maybe this restaurant was actually good a few years back when they were trying to build their reputation, but that has definitely changed recently. They are now focused on money grabbing and do not care about the quality of the food that is served. Here are the following reasons why:

1. SCAM YOU FOR MORE MONEY! so they have packages and combos that you order, we ordered the 4 person combo E which says supposingly comes with 4.5lb lobster and 6lb crab. However they say their smallest lobster is 6lbs and smallest crab is 7lbs so they'll have to charge us an additional $50. This would of made sense to me if we had a late seating and all the smaller lobsters and crabs were sold out. However, we sat down at 5:30pm and you're telling us you don't have what you offer on the menu?!?!  So why even bother putting this on the menu if you don't offer it??? 

2. COOK TIME. We took a picture of the live crab/lobster, and we also took a picture of when the dishes arrived.. all at the same time.. The pictures were exactly 9 minutes apart. Does it really only take 9 minutes to bring the crab/lobster to the kitchen, clean it, chop it up, cook it, and stack it up beautifully? 9 minute prep and cook time?!  Questionable. Leads us to believe they didn't cook us the crab/lobster they showed us, and that they wanted us out quickly so they can squeeze in another table for more money. Also, the lobster and crab that actually came out was much smaller than what was shown to us. 

3. TASTELESS. Seriously, tasted incredibly bland. How is it possible that crab and lobster meat taste exactly the same? Leads us to believe that they have it mass produced pre cooked in the back and maybe just re-fry it when an order is placed (hence the quick cook time). Probably from dead lobsters and crab too as it did not have the fresh seafood taste to the meat. In fact I think imitation crab taste better at this point. 

4. ENVIRONMENT: you will notice tanks of lobsters on the right and tanks of crabs front and right. However these tanks seem to have the same amount of lobsters/crabs from the time we arrived to the time we left, yet every table there would of been ordering at least a lobster and a crab yet the tanks never seem to be decreasing... Hmm is this just for show?! 

Seriously don't go here.
