BJ9GwNMo8vIgSuKc6B_mOw The menu is baffling, but it's not rocket science. Here's a primer.

If you show up for dim sum (and you should) avoid the leather menu. All that concerns you is the carbon one-pager that features all their options. And there are a lot of options. Beside each item you'll find designations like S, M, L, XXL and XXXL. Note that these are not sizes. Let me say that again: THESE ARE NOT SIZES. 

This is Dynasty's poorly chosen shorthand for pricing levels. Could they have gone a different way with this? Sure. Should they have? Of course. They could have used dollar signs ($, $$, $$$). Or a drawing of Buddha getting fatter. Or you know, the actual fucking prices. For some reason they don't do this. Why not? Do dumpling prices fluctuate on the stock market? They even print a disclaimer to emphasize how timely the prices are. I don't get it.

But there's no point bitching about it. I asked the server about the prices and before I could finish my sentence she had evaporated into thin air (like Nightcrawler) and rematerialized with the prices written out by hand. No problemo. I took a photo for you, and as you can see it's neither terribly expensive nor super-cheap. This might offend purists who insist on Old World pricing and need the food to be simultaneously mind-blowing on all levels. I'm not one of those assholes: the eats were solid. 

As for the restaurant, it's pretty in there (more than Chinatown spots) and it was bustling on a Sunday morning. We hadn't made a reservation so we were seated in a tiny windowless cell down a hidden corridor. There were at most five tables in there. This was obviously the Losers' Lounge. Fair enough. Service in the Losers' Lounge was a little lacking (as you would expect in a room devoted to rejects) but once we got our orders in the foodstuffs came out hot and fast.

Sui mai, har gow, and steamed pork buns were all winners. For dessert we snagged some sesame balls (OK) and mango pudding (more-than-OK). I would definitely return, and make a reservation too. 

Obligatory Title Pun: DYNA-mite.

Menu Readability: Complete bullshit.

Need to mention: Definitely order the rice roll with barbecue pork.

What this place teaches me about myself: I can live with the Losers' Lounge so long as dumplings are involved.
