BKg8YIGX_5YyUczmBAyyCQ Well, I finally took a leap of faith, and caved into the very impressive reviews on Yelp, of China Passion, by placing my first order. This is definitely an establishment I've been eyeing for quite some time now, as I am a Chinese food fanatic! So, after seeing an astounding 5 star rating, I decided now would be the time to see what all the hype is about...and, in regards to my overall impression, I was underwhelmed, to say the least. 

So, I initially planned to order delivery through the Yelp app, however after seeing that the restaurant offers a free appetizer to those who phone in their orders, I opted to do just that. I placed the call around 2pm March 22, 2017. The woman who answered the phone was very pleasant and knowledgeable when I inquired about the free appetizer deal. I ordered- 4 egg rolls, crab Rangoon, shrimp fried rice, shrimp chow mein, and general tso chicken. I was told that the 4 egg rolls would be my free appetizer and thus the charge would be omitted from the balance (and thank goodness for that! I'll explain shortly). I was given my total ($33, approx.) and told that I should expect delivery between 45-55 min. Pretty average wait time, so I wasn't complaining. 

3pm rolled around and still no delivery. No big deal. I just decided to give them a call to get a status update. I was told that my order had indeed left and to give the driver a few more minutes to arrive. At around 3:10 I heard the delivery guy run to my door. We exchanged greetings and he was very apologetic about having been late, which I'm not really one who makes a fuss if my order is not overwhelmingly past the promised time of delivery, so all was fine. I paid my bill, tipped him and the next thing I did was feel the cover of the food on top. It was definitely hot. Yes!!

So, my next task was to inspect each of the containers holding the items I ordered. First up were the crab Rangoon and the complimentary egg rolls (4). The crab Rangoon looked great, size was decent, but the egg rolls were not at all what I expected, appearance or texture wise. They were a lot smaller than I'm used to, and they looked soggy, but whatever. Anyways, before proceeding to open the rest of the containers, I had to try these Rangoon's and egg rolls. Crab Rangoon? A+! Oh, so very good! They were crispy where they needed to be, creamy and bursting with flavor. I wish I'd ordered two! Now, I was on to the egg rolls and here is where I started to worry about what the remainder of the food would look/taste like. The egg rolls? Um, no. I took one bite and was immediately disappointed. They tasted just as they looked...soggy, and the veggies inside were mushy. I even contemplated re-frying them to at least give that crispy texture known to egg rolls, but figured that would be ridiculous considering they likely had been previously prepared in oil, so the extra fat/calories would've been too much. Besides, by continuing the cooking process, I would essentially be making the veggies inside even more mushy. Overall, I just felt that the frozen egg rolls I typically purchase are more satisfying, and that's why I made the reference above about being thankful for not having to pay for them. So, I move on to the other items. The shrimp chow mein looked decent, as did the shrimp fried rice and the general tso chicken. Portion sizes of the three I thought was sufficient for the price. As far as taste goes, I felt the chow mein was okay, but lacked the depth of flavor I'm familiar with and there were hardly any shrimp present (I had a hard time trying to shuffle through the dish to find shrimp, which were rather tiny, BTW). 
I encountered the same issue with there being a "lack of shrimp" in the shrimp fried rice. There just wasn't much there. In fact, I wouldn't have known it was shrimp fried by first glance, so again I had to pry my way through to find the few shrimp that were included. Also, when I opened it's container all I could smell was fried egg. It was a little off-putting. The taste was okay though. And lastly, the general tso chicken. The taste was strange to me. At first I thought it tasted too salty. I continued to sample it, to try and discern what was off about it. I couldn't put my finger on it, though. I know that it definitely lacked that traditional sweet/spicy, ( I requested medium spice) robust flavor that's generally present in general tso. 

With all that said, I felt that overall the food was certainly fresh. Would I return? I probably would not, but I do recommend others check this place out for themselves because my, or anyone else's for that matter, personal tastes, expectations, etc may be entirely different than what someone else prefers and should not be used as a determent to trying any establishment.
