BKg8YIGX_5YyUczmBAyyCQ My name is Daniel. S. The "S" could stand for "savors Chinese food." Since I was a toddler I have savored the taste of delicious Chinese food. Years later as a middle aged man, my goal is to try every Las Vegas valley Chinese restaurant around the Chinatown (excluding 1 star and sanitary challenged ones). The neat thing about experimenting with new Chinese restaurants is that you hit gold and find a fabulous one. When I found China Passion, it seems that I struck gold. 

 China Passion is not in my neck of the woods. However, it is in Sam's Town and Boulder Station's neck of the woods in the Albertson's-anchored shopping center at the northwest corner of Nellis Boulevard and Vegas Valley Drive. 

 With the intention of visiting Sam's Town, the highly rated China Passion Yelp reviews convinced me to give the restaurant a try. I am of the opinion that if they keep up the high Yelp ratings that  they will be worthy of the "People Love Us on Yelp" window sticker. 

 I arrived a couple of minutes before the 11:00 a.m., opening. At the time I was the only one in this medium sized full service restaurant that also offers take out service. Right off the bat, the friendly man welcomed me to the restaurant before performing the role of waiter. 

 Thanks to a Yelper's pictures of the menu, I was aware of the lunch special. One more time I will shout out loud that a lunch special in a good Chinese restaurant is one of the best deals. For $6.25, I ordered the pepper steak with onions combo. It included fried rice, soft chow mein noodles, spring roll, a bowl of egg flower soup, crunchy noodles with duck sauce, and a fortune cookie. For an additional $1.50, I ordered bottomless Coke. From the vantage point of my booth, I could see the kitchen where they cooked my Chinese food. 

 The crunchy noodles with duck sauce were crunchy. Usually, the quality of the noodles give me a sneak peak to what the quality of the food that follows is. The tasty noodles gave me the right impression because the bowl of egg flower soup that followed was superb. I can only imagine how they make my favorite soup in the world: wonton soup.

  The main event was likewise superb. To main event was so large that I was thinking that the waiter might of served me the dinner portion. The large portion equated to quality equals quantity. I couldn't finish it all, regardless of how tasty it was. I enjoyed the rice. The soft chow mein noodles were superior to some of the Chinese restaurants that serve it as filler. The bean sprouts interspersed with the noodles created a nice flavor. To add superior flavor to the soft chow mein noodles I reached over to the Sriracha sauce then poured it over them. By the way, the waiter had asked me if I wanted all fried rice or half noodles and fried rice. The spring roll was allright. In all honesty, I am a fan of the egg roll in lieu of the spring roll. Ultimately, the beef pepper steak with onions was very good. 

  All this food that I described with a drink added up to $8.58 after taxes. With the generous tip added on, this full service meal in a Chinese restaurant came out to the same or even less than a fast food meal in Panda Express. 

  My only complaint is that on a heated July afternoon when it was in the triple digit temperature that the air conditioning should of been on and the overhead fans spinning. I was hot. The inside temperature was a contributing factor to passing over finishing the large plate of food. 

Overall, China Passion is a winner. From the time I entered to the time the waiter said, "Please visit again soon," at the end; I felt like I was welcomed here. If I lived in the area, I would visit again soon.
