_xAJZOKBMPOe47p1MphB2w I've been dying to try this restaurant because of all the pictures online but I could never justify it because of the price. I finally got a chance to come here for my friend's birthday. We got a combo for 8-10 people and it was $523.30 with tips and tax (they include the tip in the bill).

The first thing that came was the soup. I love Chinese soup! It tasted very good but nothing different from any other Chinese restaurants.

The first dish that came was the eel. I wasn't a fan of the eel because I prefer the debone BBQ eels more (like the ones you get at sushi). This eel was drenched in sauce and just a warning for others, there is bones in it.

Next, was the oysters. Again, I was underwhelmed by this dish. I feel like I've had better tasting oysters from other Chinese restaurants that don't specialize in seafood. I can't even remember if it was a sweet or savoury sauce. However, out of the two dishes mentioned so far, I think this one was better.

There was also a veggie dish and it was my favourite type - green pea sprout! It was a good dish. It wasn't a standout dish. 

I don't really have any comments about the crab. Personally, I don't like eating crab just because it's difficult to open the shell. However, I was excited to see the lobster dish. For two lobsters, there was a lot of meat. I was not a fan of the way the lobster was cooked which was frying it. A lot of the meat was lost because it stuck to the shell. Also, even thought there was a lot of garlic, I didn't think the garlic flavour came through. Maybe it was because i was sick. The birthday boy mentioned that he prefer cooking the lobster two ways so that there was more variety. I think that's an option you can go for if you add more money.

The best dish of the night was the fish. It was done perfectly. It wasn't too dry or under-cooked. The skin came right off and it was very moist.

I wasn't a fan of this restaurant but it might be because I was recovering from a cold and I just didn't like the way things were cooked. It's a bit too pricey for me to give this restaurant another try again but I'm glad I gave it a shot.
