BsLyCu_lkEdkG42qmvZlnQ Amazing. I had the opportunity to dine here solo tonight since my husband is out of town on business. Food was perfect.

Tonight, for I believe the first time a "chef's special" was simply that in all its sweet and savory spectacularness- SPECIAL. I order all sushi. 

The chef's special was a tempura wrapped sushi stuffed with decadent chunks of white tuna, wrapped in fresh avocado, topped with gobs of lobster salad. Seriously, does life get any better than this? It is lightly doused with mango puree. It sounds like it would be too sweet. But once dipped in soy sauce and heavily soaked fresh wasabi= HEAVEN. The pearly gates serves this dish daily. Dramatic much? I think not. I spoke with the chef, as I dined solo at the sushi bar. I raved about his food and I shared with him that I have had the first REAL chef special I have ever eaten. He humbly and plainly shared with me...sushi can be so simple: fish, seaweed, and rice. I think, I must take sushi to an elevated place. And he did. I am elated at the final products.

I also ordered the Marilyn Mon Roll. Let it be known: I am a die hard spider roll fan: fried soft shell crab, avocado, cucumber, masago fish egg...tonight I have become a changed eater. The Marilyn Mon Roll is spider roll meets decadence. Fried soft shell crab, cucumber, tobiko caviar wrapped in avocado, topped with spicy mayo and eel sauce. The avocado is interestingly wrapped on the outer side of the roll. This highlights the chef's excellent knife skills. Slightly thicker than paper thin. All the flavors are balance. Many places in the 'burgh can provide an extraordinary meal but left unbalanced and often times missing...something. Not here raw fish lovers. Come one, come all- only if your refined palette can appreciate this experience.

Don't be deceived...this is not "fake" sushi found at such places as the wanna be sushi joint that immature sushi seekers flock to in the southside. Loved is the art, skill, and tradition turned modern interpretation here.
