BsLyCu_lkEdkG42qmvZlnQ Going to Plum is mainly about going for the ambiance.  First thing I noticed as I walked in on a Friday evening; I was about 20 years younger than the average age.  Most of Plum's patrons appeared to be of the Baby Boomer generation, with some older and some younger.  Anyways, on with the food.

We split a South Beach roll as a starter and for entrees she had a chicken and asparagus and mushroom stir fry while I had their pan-seared duck breast.  The South Beach roll was interesting; it was hollowed out cucumber slices with tuna, white fish, avacado and tobiko.  I'm use to the more traditional methods of having sushi (sashimi / nigiri), so the crunch of the cucumber replacing rice was definitely different.

The chicken and asparagus stir fry is what you would expect the dish to be; thinly sliced chicken stir fried with chopped asparagus in a basic sauce (soy + corn starch).  Although it is a pretty basic dish, I do have to give them lots of credit for cooking the chicken to optimum doneness; it was tender and juicy as opposed to your typically overcooked chicken.

The seared duck breast didn't meet my expectations.  I expected well, a whole duck breast that had its fat rendered out and was seared.  I guess for me, hearing seared implies not cooked well-done all the way through.  Anyways, what was served up were five fatty duck breast pieces smothered in sauce.  Duck is a fatty animal, and thus when it's cooked, the fat is typically rendered out so it doesn't overpower the protein/rest of the dish.  Unfortunately, even though the duck was juicy, all I could think about the entire time was the excess amount of fat.  I would have also liked a tad bit less sauce overall.

With a drink each, our total came out to be around $80.  Don't get me wrong, I don't think Plum is a miserable place to be, just for me personally there are other restaurants that serve up food more in line with my taste at the same or even a lower price point.  For me personally, I might head to Plum if I'm trying to impress someone who cares more about ambiance over food.

I know Plum has a lunch menu as well; I'll update my review after I try them out during the day.
