BsLyCu_lkEdkG42qmvZlnQ My partner and I dined at Plum about a month ago and were satisfied overall with the experience, despite a few snags here and there. We arrived around 8:30 PM. This was significantly later than when we usually eat, but we decided to avoid the crowds and instead opted for a low-key, leisurely experience. It was very quiet and peaceful. Walking through the entrance felt like entering a museum, it was so beautiful. It was definitely more upscale than we were used to, though it still managed to appear approachable. The atmosphere was sophisticated yet warm. The décor was very much minimalist and modern; the color was limited to various tones of white mixed with dark wood. However, the candles set on the tables and the cozy seating made the setting feel quite intimate: the perfect spot for a romantic date. The hostess greeted us with a warm smile, and had us seated quickly in a comfortable spot by the window. 

To start, we ordered drinks. The wine and beer list was extensive and easy to navigate, as was the menu. We each chose one of their select IPAs. Each was smooth and crisp and served in a tall, elegant beer glass. The glasses were tall and slim--another welcome touch of modernity. We then ordered spring rolls for our appetizer. We were less enthused by these. They were uncharacteristically soggy, and didn't have much flavor aside from the dipping sauce they came with. 
Despite the minor setback, we were eager to try the sushi! My partner ordered the Marilyn Mon Roll--the restaurant's own twist on the traditional Spider Roll. I myself ordered the eel and avocado roll. Both were astonishingly delicious. We loved it so much that we put in another two orders! 

Despite our luck with the sushi, we were disappointed by the frequency in which we saw our server. This would be more understandable during prime business hours, but we were one of only three couples there, and this was a relatively late mealtime. We often saw multiple waiters chatting in the corner. This led us to infer that the staff was inattentive because they were tired from a long day and wanted only to socialize and get home. As understandable as this sentiment may be, it is important that the customers feel attended to and comfortable. After all, this is what we are paying for. 
When the waiter returned, we thanked him for the meal and requested our checks. This process was much quicker than anything else had been, confirming my earlier theory on inattentiveness. 
As we finished our meal and prepared to go, we noticed one last thing: the music. "All Summer Long" by Kid Rock was playing. Compared to the otherwise sophisticated atmosphere of the restaurant, this particular detail came off as cheesy. The contrast was pretty off-putting, and my partner and I couldn't help but laugh.
We then proceeded to pay our bill and gather up our things. There wasn't a server in sight by this point, which made our departure a very awkward and cold experience. It felt as if we had broken into the place and were trying to quietly sneak out before anyone noticed there was food missing. 
Overall, our experience was satisfying, despite the lagging service and questionable choice in 'mood music'. Based on the sushi alone, I would highly recommend Plum. However, for the amount one pays in such a restaurant, a certain level of service is expected, and we were left disappointed.
