_xAJZOKBMPOe47p1MphB2w My family and I tried this place for lunch yesterday because my uncle heard really good things about it. I was very surprised to see how many tables had huge plates of lobsters and crabs on their table...for lunch! The restaurant is surrounded by glass tanks filled with giant crabs and lobsters all crammed together. The decor and ambience was quite upscale and luxurious, I felt a little like royalty eating there. 

What I didn't like about my experience was how our server kept pushing/pressuring us to order this $198 set meal, saying how it was perfect for a group of 7 like us. That just seemed like an insane amount to be spending on a lunch, especially since we're the type of family that usually goes to Congee Queen for a cheap and quick meal. I also didn't like how they tried to upsize our lobster, with the excuse being they had no smaller lobsters. We had to pay an an extra ~$10 for the lobster since it came to a little over 4 lbs. 

We ordered the fried garlic lobster, plain congee with dried scallops, two noodle dishes, and a plate of veggies. I reaaaaally loved the lobster it was cooked to perfection!! The outside was slightly crunchy with hints of spiciness and garlic flavour that was just sooo good. The lobster itself was super juicy and succulent on the inside. The congee with dried scallops was also really delicious and paired nicely with something so rich in flavour like the lobster. The two noodle dishes wasn't too special and kind of pricey for such small portions. None of us really touched the veggies, it was so oily you could see the coats of oil shining in the light. We got complimentary desserts in the end, so I guess that made up for the bad service in the beginning.

I think this place is great for seafood lovers and is a must-go! I don't eat a lot of seafood myself, but I do love me some good lobster :) I will definitely be coming back since my family really enjoyed the food here, but definitely not for lunch (unless you really do eat like a prince at lunch, and a peasant at dinner). We never usually spend this much on a meal so for me, this is one of those restaurants that are more suitable for big family gatherings or a special occasion.
