_xAJZOKBMPOe47p1MphB2w This is by far the best Crab or Lobster feast you can get anywhere on the East Coast. I, myself, is from Boston, which is famous for their seafood and this place beats it hands down. The way they cook the lobster or crab here, you can never find this style cooked anywhere else. I would definitely recommend getting one of the meal combos though, as ordering a single crab or lobster is definitely not worth it. 

Pros:

+ Delicious with cooking styles not found anywhere else. Beats anywhere on the East Coast by far!

+ Very good meal combos with huge selections.

+ There is a lot of parking. Even with the restaurant packed, the parking lot still accomodates everyone.

+ Lobsters/Crabs are cracked prior to frying/cooking. You would not need a shell cracker to eat these. Just find the seam that they cracked it and then just split them apart. Very easy to eat.

+ Huge portions! We had 8 people and we ordered the 8 person meal and we were unable to finish it. If you have a huge appetite go for it. Otherwise, divide the amount of people it feeds by around half and order that. So if you have 8 people, order the 4 person meal. If you have 12 people, order the 8 person meal.


Cons:

- RESERVATION. You will DEFINITELY need to make a reservation at least a week ahead of time. If you just walk-in, there is a high chance you will not be able to get seated. I've heard of people not being able to get a seat even making a reservation 2 weeks ahead.

- EXPENSIVE. The meals will cost you around $100+ per person, depending on how big your stomach is and which meal you order.

- Your crab will DEFINITELY be over by a pound or more. There has not been a time that they did not charge us an additional $45 for an extra pound for the crab. How is it that the crab is over by a pound EVERY time we go there? Who the heck knows. Still worth it though.

Other than that, this is definitely a place to try. Even if it's only one time. Is it a tourist trap? Sure. Is it expensive? Sure. Would you feel disgusted with yourself after eating all this crab and lobster? Hell yeah. But in the end, you tried it and it was freaking delicious. You will want to come back again. Guaranteed.
