BUcTdN-rNE8urCCQuxSOQA Eh, this place is okay. I suppose a sign to look out for is whether there are any chinese people eating here and that is a no which is probably a bad indicator. Tried a lot of the dumplings with my friends today, we got the steamed shrimp and egg which were not good, just kind of bland and tasteless and the dumplings are disappointingly tiny. 

Next we had the pan fried celery and beef dumplings which had a decent flavor and great crunch but again lacked any sort of depth of flavor, it was just salty, and once you dipped it in vinegar it was salty and sour, there was no meaty juice or anything in the dumpling, though they were served fresh out of the pan and piping hot which was good. 

Next came the boiled pork and chives dumplings which were the ones I had definitely been anticipating, these were okay at best, they were overboiled and the skin fell apart from the ball of meat, and again it lacked a "meat" flavor, all it had was a sort of salty savory flavor that wasn't completely satisfying and definitely did not leave me yearning for anything more.

We also had a few extra dishes like the vegetarian steamed bao and the beef and onion fried pancakes which again lacked any sort of luster. 

With all these seemingly below average review you'd think Mother's Dumplings would get a 2 star at max but there were 2 really redeeming qualities that Mother's Dumplings had. 

We ordered an extra side dish of the five spice beef, and this was actually fantastic, easily 4.5/5 stars for this dish alone though it doesn't balance out the terrible averageness of the other dishes. It was flavorful, quite salty but it actually had a good depth of flavor from the five spice, in addition to that it wasn't boiled too long or too little time and hence the lines of elastic tendon within the meat had kept their integrity and were slightly chewy and sprung back up as you bit on it without giving the feeling of chewing on a rubber band, the meat was also soft, not dry or anything. Fantastic dish though small portions for the price you pay. 

Also our server, Hatsumi/Natsumi (i forgot whether it was an H or an N) was very accommodating, and was just generally quite wonderful.
