bWucOPNoIjd8ECdiDyVq9Q Prologue:
My fiancee and I were looking for a new Asian dining experience in our area and our online search yielded this result along with several good reviews.

The Plot:
We started by sharing the Calamari & Chiles appetizer. This was followed by Singapore Noodles and Mu Shu Pork, both of which were more than enough for the two of us.

The Scene:
The Calamari & Chiles was the familiar salt and peper fried calamari with sliced jalapenos that you'll find at many Chinese restaurants. This dish also happens to be one of my favorite starters, which I order at almost every opportunity.

Both of the entrees we ordered were excellent representatives of the essentially standard Americanized fare on the menu.
Although we love authentic and traditional Chinese cuisine, it was apparent from our obervations of our fellow diners that a more Americanized menu was both appropriate and wise for this location.

However, the owner's commitment to quality came through clearly in both the ingredients and the preparation.
The texture and seasoning of the noodles was perfect with lots of shrimp, chicken, etc.
The consistency of the pancakes for the Mu Shu Pork was also perfect, thin and moist but still firm enough to hold the pork mixture WITHOUT the juice and Hoisin Sauce soaking through (I hate it when my Mu Shu pancake leaks).
The portion size for both entrees was very generous and the result of all this was was some of the best Singapore Noodles and Mu Shu Pork we've had in a long time.

The Rest of the Story:
The best part of the evening, though, was the live entertainment.
If you'd like to experience the feeling of being in a cozy, family owned restaurant in just about any large city in Asia where entertainment while dining is a must, then this is the place for you.

The star attraction was the owner herself who sang several popular songs in Mandarin, Cantonese, and English.

The service was also great and the prices are very reasonable.

Epilogue:
The quality of the food and the generous portion sizes easily deserve 3 stars. The live entertainment and the owner's charming personality merit an additional star.

We had the pleasure of chatting with the owner after our meal and assured her we would most certainly return.

Photo Design:
By Billie Z.
