c2l80imPWR8V6gIEM02XPg WARNING!!!  STAY AWAY!!!  Please read if you are thinking of trusting your well being to this restaurant. 

 I just ordered what cost me (with tip) about $50 for delivery.  Terrible experience.  Nothing was right in 6 items!  

     But here is the main reason that I am so disturbed about my experience with this restaurant:  THE CARROTS IN MY DISHES WERE NOT CLEANED!  Instead of peeling off the dirty skin of the carrots to clean them, they include the dirty skin, stir fry it and serve it to you it in the meal!  My dishes had all kinds of odd pieces of carrots with the dirty skin still on.  I took a mouth full of the first dish and it tasted like garbage!  Like dirt! Literally!  There is no way that they even washed the carrots!  

     In the next dish, the string beans were not cleaned!  They did not have the string removed so it was impossible to eat them.  My zucchini and other veggies were undercooked and tasted rotten and raw!  Other dishes were soggy, oily, wrongly seasoned, tasteless and just plain bad.  Even the white rice was dry and hard to chew.  The Hot & Sour soup has no traditional ingredients in it that makes it a hot and sour soup.  It just had a few pieces of beef in it and small broken mushrooms.  Everything was either raw tasting, or tasteless or tasted like garbage, because it actually was.  The dirty skin of vegetables are to be discarded, not to fed to a guy who just made a $50 order.

     So, the nice guy that I am, I just figured I should give them a break and not to write a negative review on Yelp for them.  This is only my 5th Yelp review ever and two of them are extremely positive!  So I called them and tried to talk to the younger lady Margaret who spoke clear English and to make my complaints to her.  The older lady who is the owner, treated me like I am an idiot and kept telling me that she was Margaret!  So I started telling her how dissatisfied I was about the food.  Then she rudely started talking Chinese to someone else in the background in the middle of my complaining.  She was not listening!  I finally got her to get the younger lady back on the phone.  I told her all about my complaints and said that if I was not sick, I would have come back with the food and asked for a refund.  

     Now, here is why I am writing all this when I did not intend to make a negative yelp review:  When I told the young lady, Margaret all of my complaints, she said:  "YEAH, I KNOW!  I TELL THEM ALL THE TIME OF THESE COMPLAINTS BUT NOTHING CHANGES!"   She basically said that she can not really tell them anymore, cause "he is the boss and I do not want to get fired"!   Wow!  She did not want to tell the boss, which turned out to be her uncle of the complaints anymore so that she can keep her job.  People are calling all the time and complaining and these people are still ripping people off and endangering the public's health with garbage food!  

     I just see so clearly that they are comfortable sending garbage out to delivery orders because there is a less of a chance that the guy will drive all the way back to the restaurant to ask for his money back.  But this food can make people sick.  I do not know if I will not be sick tomorrow for the little of the nasty food that I ate today.  If I was not sick and unable to leave the house I would have gone over there right now and give them back the garbage and not left without my money.  I threw the rest of the so called food away as I did not trust any of it anymore.  I am already sick and recovering from a surgery and do not want to add food poisoning to the list of my current issues.  

   And they are also fraudulent as they engage in false advertising on top of everything.  The flyer says you get a free order of walnut shrimp with a $35 order.  When you get your order, what you get is not an order of walnut shrimp, but a HALF ORDER, which comes in one of those small containers that fits a McDonald's burger!  

     If they are cheating and short-changing the customer at every chance, I wonder how their refrigerators looks like.  There is no way these people are throwing away any rotting old ingredients.  They are probably just tossing them into the wok and feeding them to the people, and I believe I was one such victim today.   The internal culture of this place is obvious at every turn and I am just in a state of disbelief that they are in business.

     For the first time ever, I do not feel that complaining to the restaurant or making a Yelp complaint is enough.  I am going to call the Health Department and file an official complaint.  Something needs to be done and someone needs to take the initiative or these people are going to be ripping people off and serving them garbage for a long time to come.  When will they be stopped?  When someone gets food poisoning?  When someone gets hospitalized?  

     I feel a duty to make the Health Department aware of the situation.  As far as you are concerned, you have been warned.  Stay away!
