c98EjK4wKpKrGrdZibPq2g Rarely if ever do I leave a bad review. However, since my mother failed to warn me, I felt compelled to warn others of this horrible experience. Sparing them the agony that I endured.

Perhaps it sounds a bit much when describing an experience at a buffet. I mean, come on, this is a buffet. How good could be. How bad could it be? Better thank this.

Anyone, who believes this is the best buffet on the face of the earth, hasn't been to the Grand China Buffet in Bridgeville. Not that the food at Bridgeville is especially amazing, but the Hibachi there is worth the price of the buffet. (A dollar cheaper per adult and they charge .60 per year on a kid.)

To me, any buffet with the hibachi grill, is worth it. If the hibachi grill is good. Unless you go to Fortune Star. The food is greasy and taste like a dirty grill. The man who cooked it, looked like he wanted to spit in my food, as if he was thinking, 'why do I have to cook for you.'. He was unpleasant and unkempt. 

The most positive thing I can say about this place is the wait staff, they were pleasant enough. They didn't go out of their way but they still were pleasant. Unlike Hibachi man.

There wasn't much to choose from. Eight stations. One for ice cream, dessert, salad bar, cold food, appetizers, American food, hot food entrées and one for hibachi toppings. That's it. Nothing stood out. Absolutely nothing was outstanding.

It wasn't even average. It was below average. And it would've been semi tolerable had when I received the bill not have nearly fallen out of the booth. Even with 10% off, I wanted to die. Now, I am not cheap when it comes to buying a meal. I'll go to Bonefish. If the food is good. I will gladly pay for it. But this was not worth $12 an adult, seven dollars a child, and 2.50 a beverage. And... tea is not free! Back up, just for a six year old, seven year old with two sodas, $19.00! Are you kidding me? That much for just two kids. That was their portion. 

It pained me, absolutely pained me to pay that bill. The kids barely ate. They gagged. 

To top it off, I nearly broke a hip and fell when they failed to put signs up on the soaking wet freshly mopped floor.

The hostess did yell out a warning after I crossed the linoleum of death. Yeah, thanks, I wish you warned me BEFORE I ate.

All the way home with a knot in my stomach I kept thinking, "all that money I just spent for me, my daughter and the two kids, I could've gone to many different places." 

Granted, $45 is not the end of the world, for less, I could've gotten a halfway decent meal at Eat and Park, For the same amount, I could have gone to Applebee's and got a cocktail, or saved $15 by taking a ride to the Bridgeville buffet and left satisfied.

Being a good daughter I decided to call my mother on the way home, warning her not to go there, and her response was, "Oh, that place. Worst place on the face the earth don't go there."
"Ug, why didn't you tell me?"
"I just did."

If you are thinking of cashing in that coupon and going to Fortune Star, do yourself a favor ... don't. Go somewhere else.
