cbVaCo7DdU4ClI3ujqnMyw Very glad to try this hidden gem situated in a Laval area which I always overlooked just because the vibe I got when driving through there was not more than a "Meh whatever, step on it so we're outa here". Ordinary neighbourhood with nothing much to see around, subpar commerces here and there and buildings showing their age. But..... starting today, when driving on Boul. Concorde, close to this spot, I'll always think of this nice and cozy restaurant and hopefully the timing will be right so to stop by and sample one more item on their menu. 

I ordered the Taiwanese ravioli as an entré and the chicken kimchi ramen. Perfect homemade tender dough for the ravioli that's stuffed with three kinds of meat sitting atop a light broth like sauce. Right there I knew the reviews were not exaggerated and also had a feeling my main course would be even better than the entre. 

The kimchi soup was just a wohaa!! The broth is 
unlike the docile Pho. Here you get an action filled bad boy, naturally different than its well behaved cousin, more zest, tang and of course kimchi itself is right there in your soup. Fried crispy skin chicken balls, poached egg and other goodies that went down my belly unnoticed. A nice gentle kind of kick in your mouth that you'll want more and more of it to be delivered until not your mouth but stomach tells you to stop! It's a must have if you like your food hot and spicy. I asked for extra spicy as per Jason M's recommendation and it was just awesome. At this spiciness level, adding more hot sauce would be an overkill and also would destroy its taste, leaving your mouth with only a burning sensation... so don't add any please. 

Thanks again to Yelp reviews and the friends here for their input. I wouldn't have considered going here without checking first with them. But now, It  is a place I'd visit often and also bring my family to discover more goodies for sure! Hands down to the husband and wife who run this beautiful and affordable place. Keep up the good job!
