CcOjMY6DP9x8nsf9ZYJxow When I decided to see Matt I was going through one of the most difficult times of my life. My anxiety had caused a long list of ailments including muscle pain, high blood pressure, insomnia, tingling feet...etc. He has been a large contribution to my journey to get to the healthier place I'm in now. He used needles, cupping, soft tissue work and herbal formulas on me. No session was exactly the same because he was always trying new ways to make me feel better and address different issues. I always left more relaxed than when I walked in. The soft tissue work he did was amazing. I had a huge muscle adhesion in my thigh that caused me a lot of trouble. I also had bad lower back pains. I have been to many different massage therapists, chiropractors, even a hypnotherapist, I was so desperate for relief. Between Matt and my chiropractor, my pain was able to be relieved. I think he was the only one who was able to relieve the leg pain with his soft tissue work. He truly knows the body and what he's doing. He also REALLY takes the time to get to know your issues and what it is you want to work on. He sits down and has a consultation with you before every appointment to check in, see how you're doing and see if there is anything new that's troubling you. In my years of visiting western medicine doctors I have always felt rushed and not heard. Seeing Matt has been so refreshing and I felt like he really cared. I've completely opened my mind to chinese medicine. He educates you as he goes too. He knows his stuff and is passionate about healing. He has emailed with me to address issues that I had when I couldn't come see him right away. He talks to you about stretches, breathing techniques and honestly just talks to you about whatever you want to talk about. I felt safe to tell him any problems, even personal life issues that may or may not have to do with his exact practice. He offers insight. He has worked with me financially to help me afford his services. His generosity shows how this isn't about the money to him, it's about helping people feel better. I could go on, but this is getting too long. GO SEE MATT!!!!!! He treats so many different mental and physical issues and does so much more than JUST needles. Highly recommended.
