CCRgGKhzxSpl38w7yhqKUw Admittedly, I came in with distended expectations. Unfortunately, Noodles left my hopes rather flaccid. 

I was expecting to pay considerably more than usual for Noodles and dim sum. Noodles is located on the Strip and in the Bellagio so that is a given. The return would be that these noodles and dim sum would be some of the best in town. I would have been quite happy with this trade off...but it didn't happen that way. For dim sum we had the shrimp & pork Shui Mai steamed pork dumplings, shrimp Har Gau dumplings, and the Spareribs with Yam Cube. The dim sum was all good, but not significantly better than what you can find in town at a fraction of the price. For noodles we went with XO Crabmeat Vermicelli...a dish that sounded amazing: lump crab, egg, bean sprouts, cabbage, XO sauce with an option for mild or spicy. The crab was ample and tasted fine, but the dish completely lacked flavor. It was one of the most bland noodle dishes I remember eating. The XO sauce was virtually non-existent and literally consisted of minimal bits of caramelized sauce...so disappointing. The dish we ordered spicy, yet was not even mild. This was the most expensive of the wok-fried noodles and as I walked out I was looking at other tables wondering if any of their dishes had any real essence of flavor ...and wishing I had ordered something other than this "Signature" dish. I started eating the noodles the way they were served.  1/3 of the way through I added some of their spicy chili paste that brought the dish up to a mild level, but the essence of the dish still lacked flavor. On the side of our noodles we also ordered the roast duck. The duck was fine. It had a good flavor, but was not as good as other considerably cheaper options in town. We finished the duck, now 2/3 of the way done with our lackluster noodles, when we minimally redeemed the otherwise uninspiring noodles by adding the duck sauce/drippings to the remaining portion of the noodles. It wasn't as good as a true XO sauce would have been, but it was certainly better than the dreary noodles.

In theory I'm the perfect local resident for a place like noodles. I want to pay more to get a better product. Too bad there wasn't anything to set them apart.

A tourist would do just fine to come in for over-priced dim sum since any other immediate options are equally inflated in price. I would only come back with someone that personally could recommend a specific dish they thought was incredible. Regina C. has good things to say about their Mandarin Beef Stew Noodle.  Overall I was certainly disappointed...so much so that I'm torn between 2 and 3 stars for Noodles. Some of the food was A-Ok, but in general I have experienced better at other Strip properties and even a mile away on Spring Mountain for a significantly smaller portion of the cost. Trying to take my expectations of a wonderful taste bud experience out of the equation I decided to go with 3 a generous 3 stars in the end.
