cE7ArG7tPXsLSBbgHGHYZA As cheap Chinese food goes in the West End, this place is very solid; better than other alternatives in Etobicoke.  This isn't amazing cuisine, but it's an accommodating place with great service, fast delivery, big portions at great prices, and good food for what it is.  The hits are slightly above average.  The misses are to be avoided.

Favorites here include...

Beef With Black Bean Sauce - They do a nice black bean sauce here, which is pretty hard to screw up but deserves mention regardless.  Beef is tender and thinly sliced, and while it's not an amazing cut of meat, you'll certainly find worse in similar establishments.

Hunan Chicken - The Hunan sauce is sweet and, if you request it, satisfyingly spicy.  Like the beef, the chicken is thinly sliced and tender, and a bit of a step up from other Chinese places in the area or your typical Mandarin fare.  

Shanghai Noodles - They do really good Shanghai noodles here.  Thick with a good firmness, the noodles stand up to being manipulated with chopsticks or a fork, and have a bit of flavor to them.  The quantity of toppings - pork, shrimp, and veggies - is generous as well.  I'm a Shanghai noodle fan, and while they can only really be *so* good, I think the version here's as good as it gets from a Chinese takeout place.  Good stuff!

Chicken Lo Mein - Order it extra crispy, and the noodles will stand up well to the sauce they're served in, complementing the textures of the chicken and the veggies.  There are better chow meins downtown, but for the area this is quite solid.  It's the default order here for one of my friends, and an occasional order for me.

Things to avoid: 

-Anything involving breaded chicken, like their General Tao.  Too much breading, not enough chicken, and what chicken there is can be fatty and unpleasant.  This is sad, because I'm a huge General Tao fan.

-Anything with a "chili sauce" or "szechuan sauce," which is going to be a surprisingly thick red gloppy goo.  You do not want this.

As mentioned before, they're really accommodating here.  If you want to add or subtract anything from a dish, they won't bat an eyelash; I order virtually everything added broccoli, because I'm a huge veggie hound and broccoli is nature's flavor mop.  :3  I have family who live a few blocks from here, and delivery is almost frighteningly quick.  Don't get me wrong, noodle dishes can take up to 30 minutes to arrive, but if I just order something like a beef dish, a chicken dish, and some rice, I'm not surprised when it arrives at my door within ten to fifteen minutes.

If you don't live in Etobicoke, this is not a tourist destination.  If you DO live in the area, then this is one of the best delivery options around.  Just know that they do some things very well, and other things not well at all.
