cEU4IbCouZ1IFwURJKRJRQ Hell yes!  We loved our dinners and look forward to eating here often in the future.  Glad the decor isn't bleach boring strip mall, and although it's lacking much style, it's comfortable enough to sit with friends and chat the night away.  Friendly service.  Large portions, great for sharing and mixing.

Spicy Basil Fried Rice, Seafood Combo -- Our favorite!  We stayed safe with Spice Level 1 after overhearing another table complain they ordered too hot.  Glad we scaled back; the 1 was perfect.  A little tingle but no pain, and tons of flavor with the herbs and crunchy veg.  Good seafood mix, giant muscles and grilled shrimp, so-so squid.

Yakisoba, Meat Combo -- Pleasantly sweet noodles with lots of veg and meat.  Skip the plain (but moist) thin strips of beef and chicken, just go all shrimp, baby.  I wish there was more cabbage.  (Good line for my tombstone, gotta remember that one.)

Crispy Catfish Salad -- Bizarre at first, since the fish is minced super fine, then fried to an indiscernible crisp ... so we just saw a blanket of brown crunchies and were confused where the "fish" went.  But after the lovely server explained it's a different style, we mixed it in with a green apple salad and our faces basically exploded with tart, sweet, spicy crunch.  In fact, we kept spooning the mixture over everything else we ate, because it had a crunch that could not be stopped.  I wouldn't be satisfied with just this plate for dinner, but it's an excellent sharing dish for punching up everything else.

Crab Rangoon -- Unlike any I've had, rolled long and thin in spring roll wrappers.

I'm diggin how this place comes at my usual orders with a different angle.  I also appreciate the Chinese options on the menu, since our group doesn't all love Thai, so everyone leaves happy and stuffed.

Also in love with their roti, since I haven't found roti this good since Flat Top Grille in Chicago.  Shame it's $2.50 each, but I will order saucy things just to have something to dip in these slices of heaven.

If you're a texture-based eater like me, this place is a playground.  :-)

Wish List: Would love to see fountain soda instead of cans.
