cGQKUOAZm_VHcQOJWbatog This was our second trip to P.F. Chang's and it will probably be our last. Both times we had problems with rice. I guess rice isn't their strong point. This isn't too hot for a Chinese restaurant.

We ordered some spring rolls and dumplings for apps. The dumplings were great, the best part of the meal, honestly. But at $3.25 for 3, they're quite expensive for literally, one bite. They were quite good, though. Minced pork, shrimp and water chestnuts in a deliciously chewy translucent wonton wrapper. Very tasty.

We also got the spring rolls. They were pretty boring and dripping with oil. It looks like the cook just took them out of the fryer and sat them in a pile of other fried things, soaking up the oil.

When they serve the apps, they give you a plethora of dipping sauces...dumpling sauce, sambal (hot sauce), hot mustard plus sesame oil, soy sauce and vinegar. The spring rolls also came with a sweet and sour sauce. I like sauces, so this was a plus. The bottle with the sesame oil was coated in the oil, though. So your hands got all greasy every time you used it. They probably should have wiped down the bottle after refilling it.

For our entrees, we got the pork lo mein and almond chicken. The almond chicken was tasty. It had plenty of veggies in it, almonds and cashews and lots of white meat chicken. The lo mein was okay, but they used speghetti instead of lo mein...and it was overcooked.

Remember how I said they had problems with the rice? The last time we came here, we ordered several dishes. After everything was on the table, our waiter disappered for about fifteen minutes. He had never brought us our rice. So we sat and ate everything, sans rice, until he came back to check on us. I told him everything was very nice....we just had no rice to eat our meals with. He said "Oh you wanted rice?"

Of course we wanted rice, thats why we came to a Chinese restaurant. We got the rest of our food boxed up and the waiter didn't give us a container of rice. What's the deal with the rice?

Our visit the other day...we ended up getting crunchy rice. We asked for another serving of rice and all they did was get the same crunchy stuff from the same rice cooker. Cooking rice isn't rocket science and a Chinese restaurant should be able to get it right. 

My biggest complaint is the price. The entrees are roughly twice what they would be from pretty much any Chinese joint in the city. Our meal the other day for 2 small apps and 2 entrees was $35. We could have easily gotten twice as much food as a normal Chinese restaurant. And honestly, the quality would have been better. I filled out a survey from the receipt and received a reply from their manager the next day. He apologized and offered me a free appetizer. Unfortunately, we won't be coming back.
