cmsAFAymfVoBitSF8R6GKw Really impressed. My husband and I had a date night at home and wanted to try this place for carryout due to the reviews. As usual with a place new to us, we ordered WAY too much. We know this because they gave us four fortune cookies. Ha! The gal on the phone was professional, friendly and repeated the order back. Just wish they had given total cost over the phone.

We ordered generals chicken, shrimp fries rice, honey walnut shrimp, crab puffs and egg rolls. This ginormous feast was ready for pickup in 15 min...just enough time for me to drive there. The order was ready when I came in and it was well wrapped for transport (look at pic). They had it taped down so it wouldn't spill out in the car. They must have known that I am a wild driver. The woman behind the counter was prompt with service, organized and even started a conversation. 

Food was still warm when we sat down to eat. Even the puffs and egg rolls were still crispy! The food had a lot of flavor and the ingredients seemed fresh and were well-prepared. Best honey walnut shrimp that I have found in the valley and a very generous portion. The accompanying steamed broccoli was abundant and cooked to perfection (slight crisp. Ohhh yeah!). The puffs were pretty good but slightly too sweet for me...and I like sweet-ish (Great Wall's are still best). I could do without the egg roll, as it didn't have the chunks of cabbage and veggies that we usually prefer. It was very greasy and had more of a mincemeat/mush consistency. 

Hubby loved the fried rice and came with tons of shrimp. Usually places are stingy with shrimp but both of our dishes gave you more than your money's worth. Thanks, Yao!   I really liked the General's but my husband thought that the breading was a but too dense and chewy. We both agreed that the chicken was good quality white meat. Nothing is worse than Chinese food with a grisly mystery meat in place of your chicken.  Pleasantly surprised. 

Between the service, portion size, quality & flavorful ingredients and masterful preparation, we will definitely be back, even though Great Wall is much closer. Do it!
