CPcy22Hd2F7z0EKG66FMRA The food is about a three star, but the service and the ambiance drop it down to a two.

First off, the decor. There's only one table here that could, if you squeezed people together, handle six. The rest of them fit about four, but the tables aren't very spacious. When one puts the food onto the table, things get quite crowded. The tables are also really close together. With both me and the man at the table behind me sitting comfortably, our chairs were back to back. It did not help at all that he seemed to really enjoy placing his hands on the back of his head or stretching his neck in what I've heard is called the reverse nod (take head, tilt up). I was scared we were going to knock heads, we were so close.

Second thing. The service. It's not like the main server for the restaurant was rude or anything. He was fairly helpful. I've never seen someone dressed so casually while serving though. It takes homey to an all new level. He was wearing a t-shirt, sweats, and slippers. Not home slippers, swimming slippers. We had two menus: one English, and one Chinese. We inquired about an item on the Chinese menu that wasn't on the English one. He felt the need to reach over me to point at the Chinese menu in front of my mother, who was in front of me. I wouldn't have had a problem if he had reached over the table, but he didn't. He got into my personal bubble. It was quite annoying. He decided he was going to reach right in front of my person. His body was about two inches away from my side, and his arm was also about two inches in front of my chest...even though I was doing my best to avoid him by shrinking into my chair, which wasn't going so well because I couldn't move my chair back any further due to the close proximity of the table behind us. Thankfully, he didn't touch me. Had he, things would have been a lot worse.

The food though, was decent. The pictures were a tad misleading. 

We had the Beijing pancake with lamb $5.99 (6 pieces). The pancake (think green onion) was a tad too oily and a tad too salty, but edible. The pancake couldn't quite hold up to the filling inside it. The ground lamb had a lamb-y taste though. 

We also had the menu item on the Chinese menu that isn't on the English one. It's a lamb dish made of stewed lamb ribs (think pork side ribs, but the soft bones that don't turn into delicious jelly soft bones) with some meat on them, and quite a bit of fat ($7.99). It came with a bowl of white rice. The lamb ribs were tender, although quite fatty, and the stew was quite flavorful. Seasoned soy sauce. 

We had the bean paste noodles, which were quite good at $4.99. Lots of cucumber shreds, and a good sauce to noodle ratio. 

Finally, we had the lvdagunr. No, I didn't spell it wrong. It's a dessert roll that's got a mochi type base, filled with red bean paste, and then the whole thing is covered in soybean flour. It had a lovely texture, but was a tad too sweet for me.

If I was to come back, I'd come alone, and I'd have the bean paste noodles.
