cPEo3-TmIqCwHLFGKZgwGg So where to begin. It's a small place that's your typical hole in the wall setting, but clean. Pictures hung on the walls provides some ideas of what the dishes look like. Those of you that are used to Panda Express, PF Chang, or your typical American Chinese food or whatever New York Chinese food are, you won't find anything familiar. This is a place that specializes in northern Chinese food. This means noodles, dumplings, buns, and lots of wheat based products. The place should get an extra star for not having beef and broccoli on their menu. I mean seriously there is no broccoli in China until the recent decade. Beef and broccoli IS NOT Chinese food! The menu certainly brings back childhood memories. This is authentic northern China home cooking people! I do see some Sichuan dishes and I'm curious to try. 

Went with couple co-workers for lunch to check the place out. I ordered the dumplings and the meat pie. The woman that owns the place was extremely nice. The service was above average. She brought out the corn based congee, which I'm assuming comes free with the meal. It's pretty much flavorless but easily fixed by putting in some soy sauce. I'm assuming that's how they are served authentically. The dumplings are ok and could used some additional seasoning. But they aren't super doughy like other Chinese places. I liked the meat pie. It was hot, juicy, and yummy. I can certainly say it was filling and I was stuffed. I'm definitely going back and try out some of the stirfry dishes. Haven't had those for eons and I really hope they live up to expectation. When it comes down to it, it's home cooking. You aren't going to find it superbly amazing like a 4 star restaurant and this is no Imperial cooking, but they are hearty and filling at a decent price. Until I try their other dishes, they'll get 4 stars because the memories made me happy, the service was good, and the food wasn't half bad. :) I really hope they would maybe offer the pork and veggie bao. That would just put it over the top.
