cPXasVLtq_1gmuSg65TUfQ All you can eat, except for the lobster. But then, I've been here twice and from what I've seen you're welcome to my portion. Somewhere on my table the forlorn lobster ticket rests, allowing the lucky bearer to claim half of a small spiny crustacean and dig like hell for it's rubbery innards. Surrounding diners may lube it up with tonnes of garlic butter, but I'll just pass. 

The rest of the buffet is several notches below proper a la minute Chinese food, but markedly better than the pink and green competition. The decor alone is worth a star; an evolution from red and black lacquer with copious golden dragons, to the hotel lobby aesthetic of the last 20 years, to what might be an outpost in a rural village. The bones of the restaurant are reclaimed ships wood, and the floors patterned concrete. Awkward chairs are more comfortable than they look. Service is prompt if over-eager. Wait staff tries to whisk my plate away before I'm finished, more than once. 

The buffet layout is mildly confusing for first timers. A hand-cut noodle station and deep-fried dough-ball dessert are the first things you encounter. Salads, soups, dim sum, fried stuff and steam tables seem randomly mixed, perhaps to help control the flow of guests. The lobster spot is tucked away in the back corner closest to the washrooms, next to a flat grill and roast beef section. 

The roast beef is surprisingly good quality. Yorkshire pudding and industrial beef gravy rounds out the plate. Grilled items include chicken, sausage, cuttlefish and pepperoni pizza. I'll let you figure out which of these items should stay on the table. 

Chinese soups often suffer from a surfeit of sweetness or blandness. A seafood thick soup with lobster and egg white has neither problem. Add a few wontons from the neighbouring drum and you've got a pretty tasty first course. 

Like most buffets, timing is key to the success of fried items. Chicken wings are greasy in a good way. Shrimp are just good, with a juicy crunch. Spring rolls are filled with vermicelli, peas and corn. They're less succesful over all. 

Peking duck relies on hoisin sauce for flavour, but kudos for getting it out there. Dim sum favourites shrimp har gow and pork siu mai are bland despite the application oh hot sauce. 

Hot table items vary likewise. A vat of vegetable fried rice looks dry, but vegetable chow mein is full of produce strips and has a pleasant ramen-like chew. Sauteed chinese greens are simple, but fresh and crunchy. Mixed tofu and vegetables would be similarly swell, but for too much sugar in the sauce. This is a theme. Carb-watchers would do well to avoid the rotation of chicken, beef and pork dishes, all of which look great but share the same battered sugary background. Satays are juicy and nicely charred, and if you're going to cheat on your low-carb diet you could do worse than fragrant meaty spare ribs. 

I always skip dessert at buffets. My arteries would harden against me otherwise. Tea arrives in a pretty glass service, but cups are not even shotglass-sized. The brew stays warm over a candle, perhaps because of the time it would take to make it through a pot. 

Overall, Dragon Pearl is good for what it is. And that's as much as I'll say about that.
