cRTkev8c66o6q6v7FstjLA I'm torn, because I now have not one but two incredible Sichuan restaurants to choose from in Cleveland. Szechuan Café opened earlier this year in the former E. 30th St Café space inside Asia Plaza, but I only recently became aware of them when I sampled some of their food at the Night Market a month or so ago. Encouraged by the food we tried there, we visited Szechuan Café for the first time about a half-hour before close for take-out.


The woman who took our order was very helpful in assisting us in choosing dishes from the extremely extensive menu containing many unfamiliar options. She clearly had full command of all the dishes and easily explained them and gave us some recommendations. In contrast to some other restaurants in the area -ahem wonton gourmet ahem- I never felt like I was being treated as if my pasty white skin were a disadvantage. Despite the fact that it was near closing, she also insisted we sit down and enjoy some tea while we waited the scant few minutes until our order was ready. I don't know what the previous reviewer was talking about - this was some of the best and friendliest service I've received anywhere in Asia town.


I ordered mapo tofu as did one of my companions, another ordered the twice-cooked pork, and the final member of our party ordered the pork like mein, spring roll, and corn egg drop soup. I also ordered some dumplings in chili oil. All the food we received was delicious, fragrant, spicy, and in portions large enough for two meals each. The mapo tofu was probably the best I've had to date, with plenty of mouth-numbing Sichuan peppercorns to tame the heat. I like the fact that they offer a full American-style menu alongside their more authentic items - not everyone I tend to dine with is as excited by hot and numbing Sichuan food as I am. These items were also much more flavorful and enjoyable than most American-style takeout noodles I've had.


I feel like we've just scratched the surface of all the delicious treasures that come out of the kitchen at Szechuan Café, but I'm eager to start exploring. I still love Szechuan Gourmet down the street (for their lamb skewers especially) but at the very least they've got real competition now!
