Cs8BaiKkyNU6mzxq9nTsmg Party of 4 around 8:30 on a Thursday night. Having been to Congee Queen many, many times with the big Chinese family I was expecting the same experience of stuffing all this amazing-full-of-depth-flavour-and-texture food into my face. Quite honestly, I felt ashamed that I had brought my friend here for his first congee resto experience.

We ordered a wide variety of items so we could try a little bit of everything, yes, we planned on taking much of it home. The service was as expected, you have to flag down a server if you need anything from placing your order to asking for the bill. The staff were in good spirits, we were served with smiles and they were smiling and chatting nicely amongst themselves. I made a special request for a single century egg and they were happy to inquire with the kitchen about it. (For those who interested, if you order a side century egg, they give you a small bowl of chopped egg that was destined for congee, not for presentation on it's own.)

The food came out SLOW (relative to a usual visit at Congee Queen). It took a span of 40 minutes for all of our dishes to be served from the moment we got our first dish to the moment we got our final dish. Definitely unhappy about that. This aspect of our evening stood out since we had planned on going to a movie after dinner expecting that service would be quick.

K15 - Beef with Mushroom on Sizzling Hot Plate - 5/5 - Dish was flavourful and definitely sizzling hot as the title describes. Real, visible, ingredients. Tender beef, well cooked mushrooms, onions, & ginger. :D

K53 - Fried Chili Turnip Patties - 3/5 - Kinda meh, unevenly cooked, some pieces were well done, some barely fried, not much chili, was under seasoned overall and not hot enough.

K42 - Spice & Pepper Salt Squid - 2/5 - Squid pieces were unusually large and heavily battered, soggy not crispy. Had an immediate fishy smell upon arriving at the table. Barely any chili and almost no salt. It was the most disappointing dish of the night. We were looking forward to it so much. :(

A4 - Assorted Fungus and Six-Grains Congee - 4/5 - Good amount of mushroom, pretty sad amount of the six grains to be titled as such. I'd say of the whole bowl of congee consisted of maybe 3% of the "six grains"

G17 - BBQ Duck Thick Vermicelli in Soup - 2/5 - Duck pieces were quite bony, skin wasn't crispy but chewy and soggy. Duck was served on a side plate and not on top of the noodles for some reason. Noodles were over cooked, soft and mushy, no satisfactory and signature al dente Lai Fun texture to be found. Another :(

H11 - Diced Chicken with Salted Fish Fried Rice - 5/5 - Perfectly cooked fried rice, nice separation of every single grain of rice, good size dice on all the ingredients. Good ratio of salted fish to rice. Served nice and hot. :D

Overall, more misses than hits this time around Congee Queen. But not enough to turn us off your giant menu. We'll always be back for our congee restaurant fix and avoid the dishes that disappointed during this visit. I am sorry that my review was initiated by a poor experience and not a great one...
