cwWQB8LyFbxxiOzgfZdWCg My wife and I had the wonderful experience to dine at George & Son's in north Scottsdale a couple of evenings ago.  Although in a strip mall, the interior of this restaurant will surprise you by its upscale contemporary look and feel, very pleasant!
The staff was attentive, friendly and professional, but not intrusive.  One must understand that they will pretty much customize the dishes to your taste or health desires.  They won't put peanuts in any dish unless you request it.  The degree of spiciness also needs to be addressed if important to you.  
We started our meal with Tom Yum Thai soup for two people.  You actually got enough for three bowls and glad I am!  This soup was better than any Tom Yum Thai soup I had eaten in Bangkok (we ate this soup in Thailand 8 or 9 times, the year before last).  The degree of spiciness was perfect, flavors strong and the ingredients plentiful and definitely fresh.  Sorry to go on like this but this soup is my favorite, I even learned to make it in a Thai cooking school while there on vacation.  Next came refreshing Chicken Lettuce Wraps, 4 large crunchy iceberg lettuce leaves, with a side of plum sauce and a plate of the delicious chicken and vegetable filling.  The true gem of the meal followed with one of their specials, Kung Pao 3 Seas.  Over flowing with plump shrimp and delicate scallops, the "kicker" was pieces of Tilapia fried in an unusual and very tasty breading, all immersed in the Kung Pao sauce, crunchy sweet onions and green pepper chunks in a spicy but not burning sauce, peanuts added at our request.  Next came the Firecracker Shrimp that couldn't match up to the fabulous flavor and heat of the Kung Pao dish.  It did have twice as many shrimp as I had expected, and had a fresh taste.  Perhaps if we had this dish on a different evening, without the Kung Pao, it would have been judged differently.  For dessert we were given a free sample of a miniature "egg roll" filled with banana and chocolate, deep fried and covered in powdered sugar.  Then followed the ubiquitous fortune cookies and almond cookies as well.
We will return to eventually sample the full menu!
