D8a2usm9b-j89W9IrJ_Evw I came here w/ the boyfriend for the first time on a weekday night while waiting for midnight bowling to start at Southpoint. As we were taken to our seats I noticed they had  hookahs AND beer towers setup off to the side, how exciting! We were the only customers, but it made for a nice romantic setting in the dimly lit restaurant. 

After perusing through the diverse menu, we decided upon the following:

Grilled Calamari: Marinated and served w/ sweet and spicy garlic lime sauce - We both weren't very fond of this, but only because we're so used to having fried calamari, so we were a little taken back by  the texture and flavor 

Chicken Tom Yum soup: Hot and sour soup w/ lime juice, lemongrass, mushrooms, and chicken - Honestly, I think this was the first time either of us have ordered Tom Yum soup and we were instantly in love. We've ordered Tom Yum about 4 times at other places after having it here and nothing has really compared. They use fresh mushrooms and there is a perfect 50/50 taste of hot and sour. All of the ingredients just go together so perfectly with not a single ingredient standing out more than another, which is the main problem I find at other restaurants. 

Pad Kee Mao (Drunken Noodle): Flat rice noodle, stir-fried Thai style w/ egg, bell pepper, onion, tomato, and basil - Perfectly portioned and served on an oversized plate. We finished the entire dish. The eggs, bell pepper, and basil definitely gave it a nice "kick." The noodles were well cooked, not too hard and not soggy at all, just right. 

Thai Garlic Beef: Sliced beef stir-fried Thai style in garlic sauce topped with crispy garlic served with crispy cucumbers and a sweet/sour sauce - Whenever we see the world "Garlic" on the menu, about 90% of the time we end up ordering the item. This dish was soo flavorful and aromatic. There was a lot of garlic, but it was crispy and enjoyable, not raw and painful like I've experienced with other garlic dishes. It went perfectly with the drunken noodles. 

All in all, I'd love to come back here again. Perfect place for dates and I'm sure it's also perfect for groups during happy hour.
