D9bf5U0y_0MnL9wMFc4bKQ Food was decent, definitely not worth the hype and whopping prices.

We heard so many good things about People's Eatery online so I finally decided to check it out with some friends last night. I was expecting to be wow'd at this Chinese-Jewish fusion restaurant but was disappointed with both my expectations of the food, portion sizes, and the prices.
We ordered a few things off the menu including the following dishes:

Smoked fish platter - $55 for 4 - they give you the equivalent of approximately 100 grams of fish with a roll of cream cheese and some bagel chips. So not worth it. Sad assortment of pickled cucumbers, 4 large capers, some pickled beets and onions & dollop of horseradish. We were in shock when it came out as my friend kept repeating how robbed he felt at what was in front of us. "For $55, I can get a decent steak and this is what they bring out?" Just go to Schmaltz Appetizing and get a bagel for $15 with the equivalence of what you get here. 

Black bean sea bass - The look of disappointment that was on our faces when this dish came out should have been caught on camera. My response when the waiter brought it out was "that's it?" To which he responds by "it's 2 filets!" My friends all chimed in with "that's the size of a micro-penis" "is it a filet for ants?" "Did we order from the children's menu?" The flavour wasn't anything special and didn't do justice to the fish.

Tongue sandwich - We were all excited to try the tongue sandwich and we weren't disappointed by this dish, it was tender, flavourful, paired with pickles and horseradish mayo put together on a pretzel bun. For $7, I would expect something a bit bigger but was again disappointed by the size. It was equivalent to a slider.

We also ordered the BTC salad which was tasty and an interesting take on beef carpaccio, yet left me unsatisfied. Again the $16 price point is completely unjustified. 

After several other dishes, we left hungry and unsatisfied. My experience at People's Eatery is equivalent to dating a guy and discovering he has a tiny penis. No matter how great he is, he will never satisfy my needs. 

Our last thoughts as we paid a $229 bill was "Should we order a pizza to the restaurant?"
