dkCi6pb2tP-BPTGTgv23zw I came here on the 5th day that they were open. This little cafe is located inside the Touch Spa and Salon on Tropicana and Decatur inside the same plaza as Walgreen's. A bit hard to find, but well worth the hassle (if you're a little Vegas direction ignorant like I am.)

Chef Sheridan (the owner) is very nice and really seems to know what he's doing and talking about (without being a know-it-all.) I had no idea what to order, so he recommended the pork belly bao and one of the rice bowls. So of course, my boyfriend and I went with his recommendation and went with the pork belly bao as well as the beef steak bao and the chicken rice bowl.

Both the baos were great. I really liked that the pork belly was so fresh and the texture of the meat was nice and soft. It wasn't gamey at all either (I've experienced some extreme gaminess when eating pork belly at traditional Chinese restaurants.)  The pork belly bao had a little bit of sauce in it (I think it could've been hoisin sauce?) I would've preferred it with just a tad more of the sauce, but overall, this bao was deeelish.

Then I tried the beef bao, and the beef was nice and tender too. I thought the pickles were a very nice contrast to the meat here. The beef was very good, but the pork belly is better in my opinion.

Then we had the chicken bowl, (which actually comes in a box) and it was a lot bigger than I expected. It also came with a little side salad which I thoroughly enjoyed -- that dressing is like CRACK. The chicken was very tasty. I enjoyed it more so than the beef but not as much as the pork belly. The rice had a little broth on it, which is a nice change from plain white rice.

I did notice that the prices here are a bit steep, but you definitely get what you pay for -- good service and premium ingredients. Chef Sheridan took his time preparing every little thing and it really showed when eating the food, not to mention how everything was so fresh -- from the bao itself, to the meat, to the green onions and so on.

I believe they are also working on getting a truck started, hopefully it'll get started soon!! Can't wait to try it the next time I'm in Vegas.

Anyway, I highly recommend this place. It's cute, authentic and really hits the spot.

Love.
