dkCi6pb2tP-BPTGTgv23zw Love! 

We tried everything but the tofu.. but I definitely want to try it the next time around.  Me and the husband went for dinner last night and it was perfect.  Not to heavy... just the right amnt of food.  I loved it.  If I could have great Bao everyday for lunch, I would do it.  I swear it!

Our order:  We did the YELP special!!! 10.00 for 3 bao and a drink.  
We had 1 of each just to get the pallet going and be able to try everything.  

1. Pork Belly
2. Roast Duck -- FAVORITE
3. Chicken

Each Bao was a different flavor w/ different accents.  

My favorite...  roast duck with cucumber, scallion, hoisin sauce .  They leave a little of the skin for crunch... and the texture and flavor was perfect.  

pork belly... the fat just melted in your mouth!  WOW.  This is something I would want to get once in awhile because.. well, it's pork belly.   It's a guilt trip for sure.  The pickled mustard greens and crushed peanuts gave it that extra umph... but the pork belly was definitely the star of the show.   

Chicken-  Was good chicken... hahahaa.  I'd love to say something great about the chicken... but I am in love with the Roast Duck.    I should have eaten it first just to give it a chance, but I had the Pork Belly first., then the Roast Duck and I was just...... wanting pork belly and roast duck!  Sorry chicken!

To top it off... as soon as we were coming to the end of our bao journey.... I decided I NEEDED the sesame noodles.  I'm glad that I did because it was so flavorful!   Cucumber, carrot, sesame vinaigrette with tofu OR with chicken.  1.00 more if you want both!  

I forgot about our drinks!  I can't say much about the husbands tropical smoothie... but the pb&honey?!?!?!? It was delicious.  Each smoothie including at least 1-2 servings of fruit.  3.00 more with the yelp special which isn't bad at all.

We left Great Bao with a "GREAT" Bao order... TO GO!  :P  

I love Great Bao.. and it's close by.. and I loved meeting Jenny and Chef Sheridan... they were inviting, very kind, and definitely helpful in letting us know exactly what we were ordering.
