dkCi6pb2tP-BPTGTgv23zw Holy Bao Great Bao!

Did you guys know that one of my favorite snacks when I was little (even up to now) are BAOS?  Not only is saying "BAO" fun, eating it is ever more exciting!  So what the heck is a BAO?

To be correct on the actual term, in Taiwan it is actually referred to as "Gua Bao".  The term bao can be generally described as a completely enclosed steam bun or some sort of a bun, but "Gua Bao" is more of the direct translation for the steam bun that is open faced.  (Imagine it as a fluffy taco bread would be the best description)

So how did I discover this place?  Heading into Vegas this past weekend I wanted to make a point to at least try out a local eatery that is high on the list and interesting.  Recently I've read the location in Studio City called "Take a Bao" and so since the term BAO was in my head and this listing popped up on yelp, I decided to go for it.  So what do I think of this?

1)  Very cool idea!  I'm extremely high on Taiwanese food and snacks not only because that I'm Taiwanese, but I truly believe that Taiwanese food scene is absolutely ridiculous in terms of their creativity but also  the flavor profile, therefore, I love this idea of bringing in food from Taiwan and China region where it is not the norm.  (I actually hate Chinese Restaurants.. they are all the same!)

2)  Flavor was good!  Fluffy white buns with filling just like I've imagined...  They have 5 flavors and we tried all of them!  (chicken, beef, duck, tofu/ mushroom and of course, Pork Belly)  All the flavors were delicious with the standout being the original pork belly, and the least liked which is the tofu/mushroom)  Pork belly was tender, soft, and delicious while the tofu/mushroom seem to lack some flavor which was expected though...  All other meats were also pretty tasty.

3)  Very intimate atmosphere in a very strange location.... it looked like a small temple/asian setting... cute little window and a tiny little spot.

So were there cons... of course...  (we never expect anyone to be absolutely perfect right?) So what are they?

1)  Location.  Despite how the decor looked, it was actually located inside a beauty shop of some sort...  It was tough for me to find in the beginning but good thing we found it.  

2)  Seating... not much... maybe like 4 chairs?  It's a tiny start up joint with great food but extremely limited seating... so having it to go may be a better idea

3)  Quantity....  The filling was a bit less for my taste as the Taiwanese version usually comes with a big slab of pork belly.  This just seem a bit small for my appetite.  However, it was enough to keep me going and not hungry.  (So it's just me... not you BAO!  LOL!)

4)  Price... it may seem a bit on the high side to you guys... but the one in Studio City cost more!  But if you have never tried it, it's great to give it a shot. (Baos ranged from $3.00-$3.50)

Overall experience:  Great idea, Tasty food, and hopefully they will have their own dedicated place soon.

Would I go back when I'm in the area?  Of course I will!  This niche snack conjures up childhood memories with every bite into the marhmellow like warm soft buns and it is definitely delicious!  So for all those yelpers in LV, go check them out!  And for those in LA who is visiting LV, give them a visit and compare them with Take a Bao and see which one is better!

Enjoy your BAOS!
