DL7V1_chkWkZtyG4_xNYfw This chain is a joke and I've given it too chances to redeem itself. I'll get to the worst part (the food) later because I'd like to mention something very odd about this chain first. I've been to different locations and only in one were the employees friendly - all other times I've encountered extremely sour faced and sometimes downright rude employees. Almost always! I just thought it was coincidence the first 2 times, but no. It's very strange. Now with that out of the way, I'll get to why I will never ever go here again unless every other restaurant within a 50 mile radius from me gets wiped out for some reason and I have no choice: the food here is usually (but not always) absolutely dreadful. The noodle dishes are usually more tolerable than the rice dishes. However, just about every dish you order here, whether it's supposed to be Thai or Japanese or Korean, use the same generic sweet & sour type of sauce. If you're not into sweet food, you're out of luck here. I boycotted this place for 6 months until today (see my previous Pei Wei review). Today I ordered a new rice dish called Supergreen Thai Green Curry described as "Wok-seared carrots, green beans, Swiss chard, onions, garlic, ginger and lemongrass, tossed with Thai coconut green curry sauce and garnished with Thai basil, scallions, cilantro and a lime wedge." Doesn't that sound delightful?! I was starving by the time it arrived 20-25 minutes later. I should note service today was also particularly slow. Even bland food should taste good when you're starving, right? Not in this case. I'm wondering how much more awful it must have been in reality if I wasn't so famished.... So on my table arrived a big mound of stale looking sticky white rice with cubes of chicken and this strange liquid closest in look and texture to clam chowder soup splattered on top of everything. My first thought before eating was "Hey some of the best dishes are the least pretty" so I went ahead expecting flavors of curry and basil and took a bite. What?! I thought surely this can't be, so I went ahead and took a second bite hoping my taste buds didn't correctly register the first bite. The taste of the green curry (a.k.a. clam chowder goop) was basically that of "sugar water". They didn't even get the color right! At least put a drop of green food coloring in thick sweet clam chowder stew! There was nothing green, let alone "supergreen" nor curry nor ginger nor coconut nor basil nor cilantro nor lime about it. I immediately told them this and asked for a refund. The 1 star is for them being understanding enough to refund me for the time wasted and being subjected to this mystery dish I was unfortunate enough to experience on this Easter Sunday. Otherwise zero stars is warranted. Probably my worst dining experience ever.
