dOGLTIMqqQZn8xxBRsU6CQ This is a review of their take-out service; I'm sure the experience is different in the restaurant itself. Also, I'm not entirely sure if the take-out menu has all the items that are in the in-house menu. I have never been to the restaurant itself. Decided to try the take-out menu because one of us was feeling sick and was not up to going to the casinos for a meal. We were staying at a timeshare near the strip that did not have room service.

First, I tried ordering online because they have a convenient online ordering system through their website at kungfuplaza.com. The ordering system was very well organized, with pictures of the food you're ordering. However, after putting in my order, the final page indicated that the delivery address was my credit card's billing address which is in another state and not the hotel that I was staying in. I cancelled the order and called in the order instead. The woman who took the order had a strong accent, but she got my order right. The woman asked for spiciness level on a scale of 1 to 10, with one being really spicy. I was quite tickled by this method. Food arrived exactly an hour later as promised. There is a charge for delivery; I think it was six dollars or thereabouts. If paying by credit card over the phone, the delivery person will ask to see the credit card that you paid with along with a picture id. 

The dishes were good; nothing spectacular, but sufficient for a take-out. The seafood tom yum had very little seafood but quite tasty. The roast pork noodle was okay. Pad Thai was quite good, and so was the beef larb. Portions were good, neither too little nor too much.  Thai iced-tea was delicious. The restaurant included Styrofoam bowls and plates, and plastic forks, knives, and spoons. They also did not skimp on the paper napkins, fortune cookies, and hot pepper sauce.  All in all, a good take-out experience and I would definitely order take out from them again. For the four dishes, drinks, a side-order of  steamed rice, and delivery charge, dinner was about fifty dollars.
