dOGLTIMqqQZn8xxBRsU6CQ KUNG FU KICKED TO 2 STARS

   Kung Fu Restaurant broke an important rule. That rule is to NEVER EVER force your customers to leave a minute after giving them the check. Breaking this rule has consequences such as A ONE STAR REDUCTION IN A REVIEW RATING. As a result of their unprofessional action a 3.4 rating is dropped to 2.4 stars that is rounded off to 2 stars. Yikes! kind of how my brother and I also felt. In all honesty this a gentle response considering that many talented Yelper's would reward this experience with a one star rating. 

  Kung Fu Restaurant is located in the Las Vegas Chinatown District at the southwest corner of Valley View and Spring Mountain Boulevard. After a day in Springs Preserve suffering with a hurt left foot my brother and I decided to drive a few traffic lights South on Valley View Boulevard to Chinatown. This would be a convenient choice. Actually not really. Regardless that Kung Fu is at a major crossroads, the parking situation is atrocious. The diminutive parking spaces are more ideal for a golf cart than today's modern vehicles. I'd sacrifice my car if I left it there. So, we parked across Valley View Boulevard near Starbuck's with the intention of a post dinner coffee after. So I'd sacrifice my legs and limbs crossing a busy Valley View Boulevard.

  The service started out allright. Immediately after walking inside there was a booth available (I wonder why). The waiter presented my brother and I with glasses of cold water and the menus. 

  Regardless that there was a large assortment of dishes to choose from, only the entree page dishes included jasmine rice. Nothing about brown or fried rice. I ordered the shrimp chop suey which was around $9.50. My taste buds say that the shrimp chop suey is 3.4 stars. In comparison to the Chinese restaurants that I have reviewed (my Chinese Restaurants list is the home of these reviews) the size of the shrimps trailed in comparison. Generally speaking, or tasting the quality from the vegetables to the sauce tasted fine. The soy sauce gave some taste to the jasmine rice.  With the shrimp chop suey and jasmine rice, I ordered hot tea. In my opinion it is nearly impossible to mess up the delicious hot tea that Chinese restaurants serve. After a few cups of the delicious green tea, I stand by my opinion. Thanks to the Yelp checkin offer, the tea was complimentary. I would of enjoyed a bowl of my beloved wonton soup,  one of my favorite foods in the world going back to my toddlerhood. But Kung Fu doesn't give any breaks with the soup. The war won ton soup is around $9. they ought to include personal portions of soup on the menu. Then again, they ought to include chopsticks on the table. 

  The food was good. I ate everything down to the plate including the sauce. My brother and I were talking at the time the waiter presented us with the check. Around a minute later the waiter tells us to pay because people were waiting for the booth. He wasn't giving us the stink eye and handed us our fortune cookies. Without a nasty demeanor he just rushing us out of the booth barely giving my brother and I time to split the bill. 

  I didn't read the fortune cookie. An appropriate fortune cookie would say something like, "The average person tells nine other people when they are unhappy with a business where the average Yelper tells a couple thousand people when they are unhappy with a business." Or the fortune cookie might of said, "You have a World of restaurants to choose from in your city." Or the fortune cookie could of said, "There is nothing like competition." To close off this review, what I am saying is that Kung Fu rushed us out the door of their restaurant and it is a door I don't intend to open in a long time.
