0ebavvJVXAzKKQ8C9cOt6g Confession: I am an obnoxious asian food snob. I really try to take that into consideration when I rate places. I haven't lived in China or anything, but I really, really love eating chinese food. 

I also hope to convey to you that I am still American at heart. I hate Panda Express, but I truly, truly worship an excellently prepared orange chicken. 

Be that as it may, there are instances in which I have to suspend my courtesy toward less-than-perfect food because the product that I received was not only poor quality, but insulting relative to the price I paid. This is the experienced I received ordering from Chopstick express.

I ordered Chopstick Express' family special for me, my roommates and an incredibly hungry foodie friend of mine whom happened to be over. Upon reaching an orderer, it was refreshing, though annoying, to be talking to what seemed to be an obnoxious teenager being forced to take orders. Whatever, water off a duck's back. Quack quack. We ordered orange chicken, cashew chicken, and brocoli beef, which came with fried rice and egg rolls. It was supposed to come with crab puffs, but they were not delivered, which I felt was almost an insult.

All the food we received was lukewarm at best, cold at worst. It's chinese food. It can hold at nuclear temperatures, and I don't think it snobbish of me to assume that delivery people can afford to invest in a proper traveling method. I must admit, my major problem with this is the fact that it took nearly an hour for the delivery person to get here. Which means assuming that the food left fresh, it spend a half-hour uninsulated. I don't believe I'll get sick from this food, but considering that being served very hot food is clearly the industry standard, it still seems sketch at best, and disgusting at worst.



I digress. At any rate,  the food was as follows:

Orange Chicken: The pieces of orange chicken were about the size of medium-sized chicken tenders. They were then covered in a weak breading, fried unevenly, and covered in a tolerable orange sauce which was the only saving grace of the dish. It came deeply compacted in a chinese take-out paper box, which was problematic for this dish because the chicken essentially came out in giant clumps. 

Brocoli beef: Easily the best dish, but only by reason of advantage. The brocoli was tender, though strangely bitter. The beef they chose to use was akin to stew beef, which is the really thick, fatty cut used in crock pots for stews because they have the capacity to cook for ever and ever amen. This resulted in incredibly large, chewy chunks. I gotta admit, Panda owns brocoli beef, and chopstick express could take a few pointers. The sauce was decent enough, yet ultimately forgettable.

Cashew chicken: offensive. bland, strange. The sauce seemed to be more like cream of chicken than the savory, peppery sauce to which I am accustomed. I ate maybe two cashews in my share, which is boring. Interesting to note was the presence of noodles in the dish, despite the fact that we were also given rice. And peas. Peas? 

White rice: Nearly impossible to mess up, and only when exceptional is worthy of meditation. Average rice, though served essentially at room temperature, which dried the rice out.

Fried rice: Shocking. In case you read my review, Chopstick Express, please take note: your fried rice sealed my distrust of your food safety practices. Fried rice is cooked fast and hot, but because of the quickness of the cooking, never dries out. This looked burnt. Literally burnt. Or seasoned with something both bland and dark as all holy hell. Fried rice should not appear to be dried out, burnt, and dark as chocolate. 

Egg rolls: I don't trust these. They were almost cold to the touch.

Crab Puffs: not present in my order. THOSE ARE MY FAVORITE. D:

Summary: Steer clear away from this place at all costs. The advantage of living so close to Mekong Plaza means not being terribly far away from decent chinese and vietnamese food, and I feel like I have disappointed my tongue by attempting to branch out. If these strange in congruencies aren't addressed by the management of Chopstick Express, I worry that, like what happened with me, they will lose crucial local business and be forced to close. I don't know, maybe it was an off-day. But in my opinion, if something takes an hour to get to my place when the drive is 10 minutes tops, it better sparkle and wow. Chopstick Express, in its disparaging food, disturbing distance from food safety and respectability, and excessive delivery time means that I will never eat from them again.
