drIFrAyZnyismS1ArZlmAg I've been going here for years and sadly will not return. My favorite dish is the Pad Thai, but I have been noticing it lacks the consistency in flavor it used to have. Sometimes it's too sweet, tart, not spicy enough, not creamy enough, not the same. Today me and my friend ordered it and the flavors and colors were different. I preferred hers, but that isn't how a restaurant is supposed to work. That sucked. What a horrible feeling to be salivating at your dining mate's plate and you ordered the same thing! But to add insult to injury was the service. I ordered one of my favorite cakes, the pandan. I prefer the desserts at the Glendale location, but theirs aren't too bad and they happened to have my favorite cake. I excitedly took a bite and begrudgingly swallowed a sweet, soapy, gross tasting confectionery disaster. I had to send it back.  I told the server the problem, she took it away, and I figured it was resolved. Nope. She informs someone who appears to be a manager and they proceed to try to give me an education about Pandan cake, a cake I have had countless times before. Clearly they were insulted that I said it tasted soapy, but did I really need to see google images of the pandan leaf? Or a long story about how it is a special cake that was homemade? A simple apology would have sufficed. A few minutes after my pandan education, a small woman came peeking out at me. It was clear they were talking about me. I suspect it was the baker of the cake. Once again a simple apology would have sufficed. Instead they stood out near the kitchen and possibly attempted to curse me in Vietnamese for THEIR ill tasting cake. My dining mate still had a sweet tooth and decided to order their carrot cake. All was kind of normal until the check came. On the check I was charged $6.50 for the carrot cake. No where on the menu or their specials board is there a cake for $6.50. They do have an overpriced raw cheesecake for $7, but that's another matter. Their menu clearly states all of their cakes are $5. Tell me why I had to bring this to their attention and when they still tried to play me I actually had to read it for them. Eventually they took off the $1.50, but why was it there in the first place? Bitterness and the worst customer service is the answer. I used to really enjoy the food and service at this Loving Hut location, but now I won't return. I will never forget how nasty their attitudes were, almost like that awful cake. I added a star for Nostalgia.
