DVfCbJhJUDWRlUfrKzaKOA Chinese food: the great American comfort cuisine. Whether it's a late night where you don't feel like cooking or if you feel like splurging on your diet, there is always loyal wholesome Chinese food you can rely on. Flavor and exotic taste is the promise of the American Chinese cuisine. Unfortunately "Sam Woo BBQ Restaurant" is NOTHING like what was mentioned in the previous sentences. Instead of the familiar tasty Chinese food we all know and love, it was a mashy mish slop of poor cooking and over priced bland food. We had a few dishes, but more than enough to complain about. After a week's trip at Las Vegas we entered this small, dirty establishment in hopes of being greeted with a fine Chinese dining experience. Our hopes were very very wrong.

First we had ordered the Chinese white cut chicken, a salt marinated dish usually served as an appetizer or main meal. This was neither, instead it was an offensive dish to Chinese standards. There was literally no taste as if the cooks just had dumped the chicken in plain boiling water and went off to go do something else half-assed with their weak culinary skills. Several of the dishes after this were also the same, missing on any type of taste whether it was suppose to be a spicy beef cooked with eggplant or pork slices which were really soggy. They eventually served us the ong choy (chinese spinach) we ordered but upon closer observation we could tell that the vegetables were old and withered, all the parts that should be green were a sickly yellow. 

And maybe all of this could had been forgiven if it weren't for the smudgy dirty plastic dishes they used, the lack of a function AC in Las Vegas summer weather and especially the price the put on all of this tasteless food. For only 6 dishes the whole meal cost near $100 dollars! And they already threw in gratuity onto the check even though it was just 5 people eating. I guess this is the only way the waiters could actually make any tips because they seemed to lazily shuffle about and place down your food farthest from your seat. 

Overall this probably is the worst restaurant I have ever been. Definitely the worst chinese restaurant. I'm surprised how this place is still open after all the bad reviews. If these owners of this restaurant had a single shred of pride they'd do something and work toward fixing this dump and horrible imitator of real Chinese American cuisine.
