dVhGY-mNwTWQzK01Zxuclw slow service, unique menu, VERY spicy food via over-roasted chili seeds
===

In the same way that Peet and Starbuck extract extra flavor by burning their beans, Yunnan uses a very oily (peanut-based) burned/blackened chili seed paste as the base for their dishes. Must admit I'm new to food from this province/style, but every dish seems to imitate the flavors of my nana's hottest salsa: lots of cilantro and red-hot peppers that leave your nerve endings twitching for relief.

Other Yelpers weren't kidding that this is a destination for Chinese folks. We were the only non-Chinese people in the restaurant.

SERVICE SO SLOW WE THOUGHT THEY'D MISSED THEIR MEAT DELIVERY...
When we arrived we were seated in the corner and the server dropped the menus and hot tea. We then waited 30 minutes while three other parties arrived, were seated, their orders taken and their food delivered. Finally after a large 8-top next to us left, someone noticed us and came to take our order. We had started to wonder if the tea was a special arsenic blend and perhaps they had missed their New Year's meat delivery!

After 20 minutes I thought we might flee, but with the order taken from the third table to arrive after us I just wanted to see what would happen... I am on vacation after all, and am not rushing anywhere (ah, what a feeling). When the girl finally came over and I asked her for a reality check, her quizzical look reminded me why the menu items are numbered -- no English here. "Thirty minutes" with a distraught look seemed to convey something because she bowed her head in shame and took two steps back. Freeze frame. Non verbals abound. Impressive.

[aside] Sometime soon I want to do some research on cultural gestures of the body. Chinese take to pointing with a single finger, arm outstretched in a very quick motion -- think Godzilla. I noticed it standing in front of Notre Dame in Paris as hundreds of folks made this gesture at the 20-story monster in front of us that was the cathedral, as if there might be some mistake and they'd be looking at something else instead. This gesture contrasts the open-handed seemingly humble gesture of hospitality from Japan. Hmmm...  [end aside]

Goddam this food is effing hot. The noodle soup is dark red because that's oily chili paste in there! Tofu has a single flavor -- HOT. Lamb is exactly the same. GODDAM. It's uncomfortable to the absolute maximum that the body can take without just wretching it out all over the table.

I love it. What a burn! My scalp's every pore is pouring sweat down my neck and back and my nose is running faster than Usain Bolt in summer at Beijing. My face is on fire. My eyes are watering from the fumes wafting from what's left of my lips. My stomach is yelling bloody murder and threatening to take matters into its own hands with a promise that if I don't purge soon, the back-end burn will be at least as bad if not worse. Wow.

At some point, I gave up before I lost consciousness and stumbled to the counter to pay the bill. "How was it?" they asked.

My eyes widened as I drew a fiery breath, tears still streaming down my face, "OH! MY! GOD!"
