DXP3MbE8srQITLlAuS45aQ This restaurant/bar is situated on Atwood, close to Forbes. It is a combination Cuban and Chinese food restaurant. I had been there before for the Cuban food, which is very good, if you like Cuban please see the reviews for Black Bean. 

Walking into the establishment, you wouldn't think you were going to get an authentic gourmet meal. It is on the second floor of a building that reminds you of a shoddy college apartment interior. The carpet is of the indoor/outdoor variety. The tables and chairs are the kind you would find in a cafeteria. The flat screen TV blares the news or a game show and the lighting is fluorescent. 

However, it is also packed with people speaking Mandarin (good sign). In fact the waitstaff mostly speak Mandarin as well (another good sign). There are Chinese food and Cuban food menus. On the Chinese food menus, you will find classic Sichuan dishes such as Ma Pow tofu and Chong Ching Chicken. There are also dishes that come from other types of Chinese cooking, such as normal Cantonese dishes (broccoli shrimp, cashew chicken) My wife and I had recently been to the Sichuan province (Cheng Du) and deeply enjoyed the food we had there. Usually "Spicy" at chinese restaurants just means a subtle kick, but anything labelled "Spicy" on the menu here is a SEA of fresh toasted red chilli peppers and sweet firey happiness.  

 A seafood hot pot (prepared in the kitchen) was ordered, it came out in a large bowl absolutely stuffed with vegetables and seafood, made in the non spicy fashion. The broth was homemade and did not taste as though it came from a packet, the seafood was fresh and well prepared. My wife ordered the Ma Pow Tofu. It came out in a pie dish floating in chili oil with freshly grated peppercorns, firm tofu, and mountains of ground pork.  The staff didn't speak great English, but we didn't have trouble communicating and the service was fast and friendly.

We've been to many Sichuan restaurants in the states and this was the most delicious and authentic Sichuan food we've had since visiting Sichuan.  Close your eyes and let your taste buds transport you to the best in asian cuisine.  I can't give it a 5 because once you open your eyes, you'll see that you're still in a run down undecorated dive, but atmosphere aside, the food is as good as you're going to find this side of the Atlantic.
