e178giuAicIhb16ymOtiBg DRINKS:

We asked for water and then our waitress asked us if we wanted tap or sparkling water. When someone asks for water they generally mean tap water, and if someone wanted bottled water then they would ask for bottled water or perrier water, etc. I had a feeling that sparkling water was at a charge and the waitress was trying to get us to spend, and I was correct - I read an earlier review that stated someone asked for sparkling water under the assumption that it was free (since a lot of restaurants actually provide sparkling water for free), but then they got charged.

FOOD:

For appetizers we ordered the ebiyaki (4pc $10) and potstickers (5pc $8). The ebiyaki is some sort of shrimp ball that I did not actually eat but my friends had nothing negative to say about it. The potstickers however were like pulled pork dumplings that had nothing special to it. It was just crispy with pulled pork inside of it, accompanied by a soya vinegar sauce to lightly dip into. It was mediocre - quality similar to dumplings you can order at any all you can eat sushi place. 6/10

For our vegetable dish, we ordered the brussels sprouts that came with chinese pork sausage in a black bean sauce ($12). The dish had flavor and I enjoyed it. It was also a decent size for the price. Nothing over the top, but I could eat it. 7/10

For main course we decided to order the peking duck ($65) which has been slowly cooking/prepping for 72 hours. The duck itself I must say was delicious. There were plentiful pieces of meat, which some peking duck places lack. The meat was also tender, flavorful and had a nice pink colour to it. Some peking duck lacks flavor and are dry. The amount of duck meat that was brought out, they only gave us 4 small pancakes to share between 4 girls. Not only that, the peking duck here was only accompanied with cucumber and not lettuce like most places do so we didn't even have lettuce to use if we ran out of pancakes. I was confused at what they expected us to do with 4 pieces of pancakes and a plate full of duck meat. We thought nothing of this - we just asked for more pancakes like we usually do at other places. They brought out more, which we quickly finished and asked for more again. This was unfortunate because the pancakes took awhile to come out and at that point our hunger was subsiding. They should be bringing out a plate FULL of pancakes and not just with 4 pieces. We also asked for more sauce and cucumbers because that was so minimal, it got used up quickly. 9/10

DESSERT:

Dark Chocolate Brownie: My girlfriends got me this as a surprise with a candle on top. It was a decent sized piece of brownie with ginger flavored ice cream on top and blueberry sauce. The brownie was surprisingly hard on the outside and that took away from the inside which was slightly softer. The ginger ice cream wasn't pleasant either, not too sure if many people are fond of ginger ice cream - I personally don't like ginger so the flavor itself for me was a no, especially there being small pieces of ginger inside the ice cream. 5/10

Coconut Baklava: So these were square pieces of layers of pastry with nuts in between them - one word: hard. You couldn't even bite into these, you had to tear them apart to be able to eat them. The peanut butter ice cream also tasted weird. The only thing I liked was the top layer which was coated with sugar. 4/10

Ice Cream: We got one scoop green tea and one scoop coconut ice cream. The coconut ice cream tasted like perfume. Thankfully the green tea ice cream was splendid - if that went bad, I don't even know what to say.. 10/10 for the green tea ice cream.

SERVICE:

After dining at this restaurant and coming back here to read the reviews, I would agree with the majority. The waitresses lack passion and don't make you feel welcoming. It's like they just want their shifts to end. 6/10

OVERALL:

Once we received our bill, we saw that we got charged for the extra pancakes AND the sauce for the peking duck.. Wait, you charge $2 for more sauce? $2 can get you a bottle full of sauce at the supermarket.. and then $2 for each set of pancakes? Every other peking duck place gives unlimited pancakes.

I think this place is just out to STEAL your money in every way possible. With the sparkling water.. I think it's only courteous if the waitress informed us that there would be an extra charge for additional pancakes - although it's quite ridiculous to charge for pancakes. The "chef" should know what it's like to eat peking duck.

The feeling that this place just wants to cheat money from you makes me give this place a 2 star. If it weren't for the tender duck, I would rate this 1 star. Also, near the end of the night, the place got empty but nobody was even present to say goodbye to us...

I don't write reviews, but I felt that people deserved to know that this place isn't really what the hype puts it out to be. There's more to "Master Chef Canada" then what people believe.
