e88NPlmWRJiNgfblLfQvWQ Holy delicious buffet batman! I was in the area saturday night with a plan to eat at either pacific seafood buffet or this brand spanking new zen buffet.

I have horrible self made luck in that my free meal is always in the evenings. Sadly most Chinese buffets fall apart quality wise for dinner. This is horrible considering they are almost always twice as expensive. I had previously scoped out pacific seafood buffet and knew that it looked good for dinner. I stopped here and had a list of things that I absolutely wanted to be happy that evening.

This place was PACKED and that means fresh food when it comes to buffet land. The selection of items here is huge. They have 6 or 7 hot tables, plus a table for grilled goods, and a table for Mongolian BBQ fixings. The trays were also on the smaller side so they were replenished more often.

Everything I tried here was good. That's not to say the best I've tried but to try 15+ different items and enjoy them all is saying a lot. Especially for my food snobby self.

Trays of food were being replaced constantly. Everything was hot and fresh and not swimming in grease. They ran out of BBQ pork ribs which made me sad but was quickly remedied when a brand new scalding hot pile showed up within 10 minutes.

The only disappointing factor of this buffet was the dessert selection. Both gourmet honk kong buffet and pacific have better dessert selections. Honk Kong has higher end pastries and cakes. Pacific has the tubs of the real ice cream. These guys had the standards:

Something with coconut (sadly not macaroons or I would have had a tear of joy)
Lemon/Chocolate Cake(Costco Style)
Puffy Pastry
Cubed Espresso Cake
Self Serve Frozen Yogurt Machine

They did have a nice selection of fresh cut fruit.

I believe it is safe to say out of the higher end Chinese buffets in town this is #1 or a close tie for #1/#2.

Sorry for the lack of pictures but the drive took so long I was starving and pictures lost priority over a grumbling stomach.
