eLExQY6_KOYaayapWNp5IQ Never in my life have I ever seen mess ups this terribad at a restaurant until dining at NCE BBQ (which stands for Northern China Eatery BBQ). 

We came here for dinner at around 7:30 pm on a Friday night. The restaurant was very well lit, and the furnishings looked very nice. It almost gave me a feeling like I was in some sort of a show room at a furniture store. The dining space was very large, and it was at most half filled at dinner time on a Friday evening. Looking around, the guests all looked very young, perhaps this is a popular spot amongst students.

So we were seated and we looked through the menus, which by the way, were re-used/worn-out paper take out menus... A bit disappointing that they don't have a proper presentable dine in menu to look at. We definitely wanted to try the Chef Special Peking Duck, since this place specializes in this dish. The print out menu listed each extra on its own "extra bean sauce; extra onion strip; extra cucumber" each one originally priced at $3.99, but then there were pen markings of "0" where the 3 was, so it looked like each extra was $0.99... later we found out that these extras are actually free. Very confusing, why not just include it in the main peking duck special...?

We started writing out our order on the small piece of paper at our table. Fifteen minutes had passed and our waiter was busy running around and still had not once checked whether we were ready to order. He was pretty much the only waiter at the restaurant and he was bussing tables too. We eventually got his attention and he took our paper...but he did not recount the items on the list to confirm what we wanted to order...which caused a lot of headaches later into our meal.

We waited ONE WHOLE HOUR for the first item to arrive at our table. We got the lamb skewers (4 skewers). The meat was not hot, but room temperature. An absolute let down that we waited one hour for the first item to get to our table to be luke warm. The taste was very strong in cumin, well seasoned, but it was just average in my opinion. We were pretty much sitting and waiting for the rest of our order again (we still had the chef special peking duck, dessert soup, fried rice with shrimp, and sweet and sour pork). And we noticed that the guests at the table near us had paid their bill and left half an hour ago but no one had cleared the tables yet. It was so disorganized and messy.

At hour and 10 minutes into our visit, we were still waiting on our soy drinks...We didn't understand what was taking so long. We asked for someone to check on this for us, apparently they didn't have enough soy drink (maybe our serve should have mentioned that to us before we ordered it). Then the lady (she looked like the owner?) gave us what they had left over for free, which I guess nice of her to do. It was still a little frustrating that we had to tell our servers to continually check our order...

So 15 minutes later after getting our drinks, the next thing that arrived at our table was the dessert soup (glutinous rice balls in osmanthus soup). The server brought a ginormous soup bowl to our table and I thought this was not what we ordered. It looked like a savoury soup for dinner for a large group. So okay, we got our dessert soup before our entrees... weird, but okay. We all tried the dessert soup and were appalled that this was called a dessert. The dessert soup was sour and smelled like vinegar!!! There was egg in this soup, so I am guessing they were making strands of egg with vinegar and poured the vinegar into the soup, like wtf. The only thing sweet was the filling in the glutinous balls, which also had black sesame inside... Needless to say we did not finish the dessert. We tried to finish the glutinous balls, but the soup was totally inedible.

At around 9:00pm we still did not have our main entrees. We waved for someone to come over to our table. The lady who got our soy drinks earlier came over and started to ask what we ordered, which is odd since we gave them what we ordered on a piece of paper. We again told her what we ordered, and told her twice that there were three items that still did not arrive at our table. She then told us the the fried rice and the sweet and sour pork was sent to the wrong table. Great, I thought. She explained that they were having difficulties with the printer/machine. Five minutes later she comes with the bill. We were charged for the peking duck chef special, extras wraps, lamb skewers, and the dessert soup. It was so weird that she gave us the bill before our main entree (peking duck chef special) had arrived. We waited for an additional 30 minutes after which we asked her where the peking duck was. She thought we finished our meal and asked for the bill. Just awful. She gave us a coupon for a complimentary NCE Chef Special Peking Duck for our next visit. We won't be coming back next time. I think our "meal" we had should have been free tbh.
