ElqLoKM__uU7DcYzRnMpNw I don't write reviews of places that often, but I'm honestly appalled at my experience last night and thought I might be able to prevent someone else from having to go through what I did. 

I went out to dinner with several of my friends and ended up at Hunan for some Chinese. Our experience started off quite poorly as we were standing at the host stand for about 10 minutes before being greeted and seated at a table. The service was a nightmare, as we were deciding what to order, and the wait staff came over about 15 times to ask if we were ready, right after we had told them we needed another minute. We finally placed our order, and the food took forever to come out. The food was fair, not like other times I had eaten here, but really poor considering we had to wait about 45 minutes for the food to come out since we had sat down in a relatively empty restaurant. But what really put me over the edge was the service at the end of the meal. The waitress gave us the checks, they were all in order, but she glared at us from behind the counter to make sure we were paying and to see that we were paying the right amount. Now I'm usually a very generous tipper, and will tip a good amount even if we have poor service, but there's a line that you just can't look past, and Hunan Solon crossed that line. We ended up paying exact with an extra dollar or two, and when the waitress came over to collect the checks she started YELLING at us that when you go out to a restaurant you ALWAYS leave a tip. I understand that servers live off their tips, but tips, especially 20% or more is for good, if not exceptional service. Not leaving us waiting up front for 10 minutes, annoying us while we were deciding what to order, and glaring to make sure we were paying and leaving a tip. I'm honestly appalled that the waitress had the audacity to start yelling at us about proper restaurant manners, which she had none. I would NOT recommend Hunan to anyone looking for a good customer experience with a wait staff that treats you properly.
