emOpqfJTtRHMd8dUg_AAsw There are big problems here.  To some extent they relate to previous problems prior to its recent sale.  The previous owner is an NFL veteran, the Eagles, and has had health issues. Saw him recently and he was doing well and wish him well. He had extreme service issues with staff and it reflected itself in a poor experience. We stayed away for one year.
New owner, Peter, 0has led such institutions as Big Wongs, great in its day. We came back in early February for dim sum and then a meal. Both were great. Peter was always around running things. We were so excited my wife and I planned to bring friends for a birthday celebration two weeks hence. We came in last Saturday a week prior to the anticipated party and had a horrible experience-hence two stars.
The restaurant was horribly under staffed. There were so many egregious  errors of service that it is not worth enumerating except:
1) the wait staff has poor command of English. It's a Chinese restaurant so understandable but it was handled so poorly. As the wait staff and kitchen got further behind, they tried to convince me a 1 and  1/4  lb lobster was 2 lbs( come from cape cod and I know how to grade lobsters).
Further they initially made the dish with shrimp because the waitress did not understand us. When the dish was remade with lobster, they used the same sauce without the shrimp. Unforgivable to compromise the food
2) there appeared to be an expeditor on the floor but he only took care of the Chinese speaking patrons as he did not speak English. Multiple parties walked out because of poor service and nobody cared. One party was openly furious at being ignored in favor of Asian parties but the expeditor did not speak English and ignored them.

Given the uncertainty of the meal we will not have the party as planned.
Wouldn't take the chance.
To Peter the owner I say:
You would not leave the kitchen so I presume you were short help. Better not to open than serve a bad meal with a bad dining experience.
If your target audience is Chinese speaking , okay I will stay away as you are not the Peking Duck House on Mott street where adequate staff makes up for any language issues.
