EVkytEhlC1nswqmgrHdviw Let me start by saying that, for the first 24 years of my life, I had zero experience with Chinese food.  My parents are meat-and-potatoes people, and Chinese carryout was simply not a part of my upbringing.  Enter my Chinese-American husband, who grew up on the stuff (naturally) and can cook it like nobody's business.  This (lengthy) disclaimer is basically to tell you that I am not an educated critic of Chinese food, so it's based on whether or not I liked it.  I have no way to judge how "authentic" someplace is.

All that said, Bo Bo is pretty good.  It's a campus town take-out type place, although they do have a dining room and a few tables, so you can eat there if you choose.  They have a very extensive menu, printed in English, Chinese, and Korean.  The menu has every Chinese food item you can think of, and many that you probably can't (and here I am thinking specifically of a dish, whose name I cannot remember at the moment, involving fried pork intestines.  I'm told it's good, although my Leviticus 11 Diet prohibits me from partaking).  

My favorite item here, though, is the bubble tea.  I don't know how they do it, but they make the best bubble tea I've had.  I've tried replicating it at home, and simply can't do it, so, much to my chagrin, when I get a BTC (bubble tea craving), I hop in the car, drive to campus, finagle a parking spot, feed the meter, go get my bubble tea, and repeat the process.  It's a lot of trouble to go to for bubble tea, but it's THAT good.

I did take off a star because they don't always have the bubble tea.  One (very busy) day last month I was running errands; it was cold, it was rainy, I was tired, and all of a sudden, I was siezed by a powerful BTC.  I was sort of near campus anyway, so I drove over there, finagled a parking space, fed the meter, went in, ordered, and was told that they didn't have any bubbles cooked.  Unfortunately, I simply didn't have the time that day to wait half an hour for the bubbles to get cooked, so I ordered the tea sans bubbles, which was still pretty good.  However, I was annoyed that they charged me the full price.  I thought I should have gotten a discount for a bubble-less bubble tea, but I didn't have the time or inclination to press the issue.  Hopefully, that was just a one-time occurrence, and I'm giving them the benefit of the doubt.
