F_D-hssVHgarfpqWbFdXow The entrance is gorgeous. Outside there's a ton of trees that line the top of the building and it's beautiful when it lights up at night. The main entrance is also a sight to see, with waterfalls, fish, a cage with parrots, super high ceilings painted like clouds; this reminds me of the Venetian hotel in Vegas with the indoor village that is made to look like you're outside in a town in Venice. We sat in the aquarium room, which I've heard is the nicest. One entire wall has a built in aquarium with various types of fish. It wasn't bad, but it looked like it was in need of some cleaning with the semi couldy water. The place was ram packed. I think all of Brampton was there that night. Thank god we booked a table in advance because the line was out the door!

The buffet is good for what it is; westernized Chinese food. If your a fan of that, then you know not to expect "authentic" Chinese food as these dishes are made for buffets and have a generic taste to suit everyone's pallet. Nothing wrong with that, but I prefer ordering from a menu where I can customize and more effort is placed on that ONE dish, instead of a dish to feed the masses. 

They do put forward a huge selection to suit everyone, I must say. The buffet price is not cheap, so keep the carbs at a minimum. My favs that night were: crab legs (SO sweet! Oh and lady at the next table with 2 plates piled with a foot of crab legs...this is a buffet and clearing out the tray outside is not necessary!), mango salad was sweet and spicy, the green beans were also spicy and cooked well, grilled steak was tasty, prime rib was a bit overcooked for me, but it was still pretty soft and tastes awesome with chili currant sauce, torpedo shrimp was extra crispy and piping hot, glazed salmon was very moist and flaky, curry chicken had a good flavor (Chinese curry, not west Indian/Indian), Kung pao chicken wasn't bad either, black pepper steak was very well seasoned, macaroni salad taste was reminiscent to something from my childhood that I liked. These offerings stretched me to two plates with a bit of each. Kudos to those that pile their plates high and finish them!

Dessert was really good. Chocolate covered strawberries, waffles/whipped cream/strawberries (I cut off 1/2 a waffle), creme brûlée was bloody good, creme caramel was alright, strawberry shortcake, rum balls, chocolate ice cream, tiramisu....yup that's what I had. And I'd do it again.

There's a lot of other selections that's there that I haven't even mentioned. It's worth a try, and honestly it's a Chinese buffet not a Michelin star rated restaurant so bear that in mind before passing judgement. I think they go above and beyond in decor, service, and food quality. I am so hungry now!
