F_D-hssVHgarfpqWbFdXow Ive been going to mandarin since I can remember, although I've heard many a horrible story about food poisoning, I personally have never really had one. This particular mandarin I have been visiting since I was a child and I will say it hasn't  changed much in all the years I've been visiting. I believe this is their flagship location, and head office as well... They also have a private event area as well as decorations from roof to ceiling with a ton of decorative Christmas lights.

This is the location with a large water feature and several large aquariums situated in large rooms. A huge private parking lot makes parking pretty easy but finding the place can be a tad tricky. It's clearly visible from the highway but to find the place you need to take the odd side street. 

Once you find the place you will see the service is like most mandarins you encounter, the facade of customer service I find a tad annoying... Once I am inside the restaurant and have been greeted I find it a tad awkward to interact with every single staff member on my way to my table.  Once you get past that you'll notice the tables are fairly spacious but like most restaurants jammed together to add more seating.

Now this particular visit was for a bday party for my bestie and although it had all been meticulously planned and organized the staff found the entire concept slightly confusing, giving away the surprise to any guest including the bday girl in the end.
Service is the usual as I've said however it may be due to the large location but I found the maintenance of tables a little slacking however staff seems polite and eager to help.

The food is again nothing exceptional, I find that once you've frequented mandarin you not only know what to expect but nothing exceeds those expectations. They have the usual spread of food available and although the rest of my table seemed to love the crab legs I wasn't thrilled; the cold crab had a murky, watery taste while the hot crab was prob overcooked making it pretty hard to get out of the shell, especially in one piece. The drinks are where they really hit your pocket though, a simple watered down mixed drink is over $7 here and the little table adds they have to advertise the drinks doesn't specify price either which is a tactic I'm not fond of.

They also close fairly early (9pm) considering they only really start accepting at 6pm so because the bday girl was a few minutes late the event was actually quite rushed as her cake was dumped at the table with bills mere minutes after she had her first plate on the table.

Which leads me to my last point and among the most vital ones... maybe it's the head office location but I could have sworn the price was around $26-$30 a person however when my boyfriend and I received our bill it was well over $80 and all we had was the buffet, one mixed drink and an orange juice. I used to be a reg at a few other locations and I don't ever remember it being that expensive, at that rate you can go to a decent restaurant and eat well. 

Personally I would rather go to red lobster for delicious crab and lobster for a similar price if not even less. In closing I feel like mandarin needs to step up a bit if they intend on charging that amount and considering how dated they are I think it's about time
