f16oe_yaGBh4AFK_mlBabw I must have caught this place on a bad day . 

First thing i see opening the door is one of the employees taking break sitting at one of the tables.  I'm sure there is a policy about this. but perhaps the first table that a customer sees is not the best idea.  right near these tables there was a black cover that was just left there.  Im not sure if it was a cover for chairs? or umbrellas maybe? tables perhaps? either way it was left danging over the trash cans near the front. 

Second this place seemed understaffed for 6 pm.  There was one person running the line, i was behind a family of 6 or 7 who cleared out most of items i wanted.  Its no biggie since that's the risk you take with this type of restaurant.  The person that was serving everyone was calling back items they were running low on, eventually 2 works came out with blue bags full of frozen nuggets and dropped them in the fryer.  It was obvious these 2 workers didn't want to be there and seemed less than enthusiastic to be there.

for the food.  well lets start with the "new" fried rice, with the card on the glass saying "due to an industry shortage of eggs try our new fried rice and let us know what you think"  I'll save another form trying this. its not good, move on.  The original product with egg wasn't exactly spectacular, but it was good.  This new version is just not good its more like cafeteria flied lice than anything.  for the first item i opted for the orange chicken which is usually a safe bet, but this seemed like it had been sitting out for a while and i got the bottom of the barrel.  The orange chicken was one of items being prepared by the "chefs" .. next item i wanted to try the honey chicken.  Once again just not good. it is chicken strip like pieces breaded and fried.  This appeared to be sitting for a while when i chose it, and im pretty sure i was right. it was nasty and I didnt bother finishing it.  Finally the Bejing Beef... the parts that were edible weren't bad.. but many pieces were hard as rock and i didnt bother finishing this item either.  \

Overall a  so so experience with crappy food.  with a 3 item and a drink and $13 gone  .it's  not worth it. find another place to go.
