F3xksTtZUfanOcLQqJn0eQ The Chinese restaurant so good, it was named twice...after a city in Vietnam which hasn't been called that in nearly forty years.  Yeah, not making loads of sense in my book.  Saigon Saigon is a buffet / dim sum establishment hoping that you will ignore the latter part of their menu (apparently).  I approached the restaurant located only a few meters from Princes Street on the basis that they offered dim sum, but when I mentioned I was ordering from it, I got a look indicating that I had stumbled over my line in the script.  I guess it's the obligation that I order the buffet and keep my mouth shut.  Far be it for me to accept the role given.  Saigon Saigon is packed nearly butt-to-elbow with tables with my chair sitting half on wood and half on the carpet leading to the door.  Like many restaurants in the UK, the bathrooms are rationed to a different floor.  Eventually, I browsed through the dim sum menu, one of the most expansive offerings I've ever seen, page after page, scallop dumplings, steam chicken claw with black bean sauce, golden tripe with satay sauce, beancurd rolls, pine nuts veg--what?  Yes, steam chicken claw, I didn't order that.  I did order three dishes, including mixed meat dumplings and something called pork egg congee.  When I asked what that was, the answer I got was oddly evasive.
"It's popular with Asian customers."  Is that "cityspeak" for "it's not mean for you?"  I call that a challenge.  

I should have taken her advice.  It wasn't bad, just somewhat lacking in...umm... flavor.  The crispy egg and pork which topped it tasted good enough but the--I don't know--gruel tasted like unsalted, unsweetened rice pudding.  I know critics of this review will claim that congee IS unseasoned rice pudding.  I'll give you that.  In praise, the other two dishes were good and the prices reasonable, with each plate costing between three and four quid, putting it around $18 Canadian for the whole meal.  

In full disclosure, I was not aware of Saigon Saigon's past when I enjoyed my meal.  Apparently, they went through a major sanitary controversy a couple of years ago, including fines and a temporary closure on health violations.  It's shocking such a thing could happen to a restaurant in such a prime location.  Enough time had passed that I can still judge Saigon Saigon on its own merits, and what I can take out of it was that it wasn't bad, but in the future, it would be better if I ordered the dim sum with a few friends.  

And how about that buffet?  In a few words, it looked disgusting, meaning crappy western Chinese food is not exclusive to North American.  It makes me worried that there might not be a good Chinese restaurant in Edinburgh if one in such a prime location is unwilling to deliver quality food.  

However, what I ordered was dim sum, and dim sum I enjoyed.  If you are wandering around Princes Street, Saigon Saigon is not the best place to enjoy a meal but considering so many of the other restaurants are fast food franchises, there are plenty worse.  

Food:  3/5
Service:  2/5
Presentation:  2.5/5
Value:  3/5
Recommendation:  2.6/5
