f9ERQpAPOAMv5Ay0kyD3Yw I normally do not leave negative reviews mainly because I don't patronize business that get poor ratings. The great majority of my experiences at the restaurants I frequent are on par with the ratings that most Yelpers leave. 

Not quite so this time...

This was by far one of my most disappointing experiences. 

Upon entering I was greeted by fairly enjoyable ambiance and a loud and rather mean looking Asian hostess. Giving Shanghai Grill the benefit of the doubt, my party and I decided to still try their decent food selection. 

We ordered their "famous" honey garlic chicken, lemon grass chicken, asian chicken salad, and chicken egg foo yung. The food was all very good.  The lemon grass chicken was tasty and not too sweet. The honey garlic chicken was also light and garlicky but a tad on the sweet side (not so much honey sweet but more sugar sweet). 

The main reason Shanghai Grill earned their one star from me was not because of the food or their funny tasting piña colada which they remade for my wife but ended up still tasting funny. 

No, this "Asian" restaurant with its "Asian" workers didn't botch the "Asian" food. It was the Asian hostess/manager lady in the front who earned their "star of shame". I presented a coupon (because I'm Asian) to the Asian waiter (who coincidentally was extremely nice) upon being seated and was told I could use it. At the end of our meal, the Asian hostess/manager lady showed up at our table and chided me for using the coupon incorrectly. When I tried to explain that I had already confirmed with the waiter that the coupon could be used, she said "he Asian, he stupid, he don't know anything."  

I'm pretty much going out on a limb here but, I'm thinking she just insulted me and the other two people in her vicinity including herself. 

She then proceeded to drag the waiter across the room and chide him probably for telling me I could use the coupon. She then came back and told me she would take $2 off our bill and I could still use the coupon at a later date. 

Now, I'm pretty thick skinned when it comes to racial comments, but for that nutty lady to go spouting off about how stupid Asians are in front of my kids is unacceptable. In my book, racial comments are absolutely inappropriate at the dinner table regardless of who is saying it and who it's directed to. But that's just my $0.02. 

BTW, I do think Asians, specifically Chinese people are stupid with all their dog eating festivals and what not but so are the people in every other ethnic group, culture, and country. We are all humans and by definition we do dumb things but, another aspect of humanity is the ability to forgive which the Asian hostess/manager lady did not exhibit. 

I just hope that poor waiter can forgive the hostess/manager lady and the hostess/manager lady can forgive me for writing the truth about her. I have already forgiven them both but have also learned never to patronize their establishment again.
