fAo-3jt3oD69nwnr5M6FLQ We went here last week to celebrate my boyfriend's birthday. We had the Imperial duck tasting menu offered at $69. I believe the deal is every day, between 5:30 and the last seating at that price is at 6:45. The regular price is $88 per person. I would have gotten it at either price.

Food: 1st course- hand carved duck with scallions and cucumber, hoisin sauce in a home made pancake. The duck was delicious, just the right amount of fat on the skin! The meat was very tender. The hoisin sauce was definitely home-made and prepared with our pancakes. There were some on the side for dipping, but it wasn't really necessary. The pancakes were thin, like crepes. 

2nd course- mixed greens with almonds, duck, mandarin slices with a peanut dressing. This is probably one of the best salads I have ever had. You cannot go wrong with the best ingredients. Loved the marcona almonds. The salad was presented in a deep fried wonton bowl. The dressing was light and dressed well.

3rd course- duck soup. The broth was clear and seasoned well, not salty like soup from other places. The meat was prepared with shitake mushrooms and veggies in wonton wrappers. The texture of the wontons was wonderful paired with mushrooms. The flavor of the mushrooms just burst in your mouth.

4th and 5th - wok fried duck with veggies and pan-seared duck noodles. The noodles were very fresh, as were the veggies. If you like mushrooms, you will love these dishes.

Dessert- upscale kit kat bar with mango tapioca (cold soup). The "kit kat bar" was round and dressed in some amazing dark chocolate topped with gold leaf. I could have had a whole bowl of that cold tapioca soup. The waiter brought out a special dessert plate for my boyfriend on top of the dessert was included with the meal. He got mandarin oranges in syrup and some creamy tart. I did not try them so I cannot comment on the taste.

Service: This service was definitely on par with a restaurant of this caliber. The waiter and wait staff seemed to know what I wanted when I wanted. The restaurant had plenty of patrons, but we felt like we were the only guests there. I normally don't like to pay this much for Chinese food, but we were celebrating a special occasional and I was curious since they are Michelin rated. I will definitely go back and try the rest of the menu.

On a side note, they need to work on making a proper mojito. My boyfriend said his lacked sugar and lime. In fact, there was no lime in the glass. It tasted like mint water...
