FexomhlA5G7ipOEH3pqFkA Visited this place during a blizzard which proved to be a smart move as parking was great and the place was half empty.

The most impressive thing? Our appointment at 7 PM was actually respected! (PF Chang LAVAL, I'm looking at you!)

Like the Laval location, esthetically the place is very chic and warm.

Once our congregation of friends all arrived, we started our order process... or lack thereof. I'm unsure if the staff was limited on this night but once again we were on the receiving end of some real poor service. We order our drinks and they come half an hour later. Does a few sodas and some warm sake make it acceptable to wait this long?

Eventually we got served our drinks and we quickly ordered our plates, I took the much promoted chicken in lettuce wraps and the legendary Mongolian beef.

The appetizers arrived relatively quickly (thankfully!) and since I was hungry enough to eat an Ethiopian child, I tore into the chicken in lettuce wraps.... only to be quite disappointed that the chicken was actually pretty bland and the lettuce leaves still relatively soaking in water. Neither I nor my wife were able to finish this. We waited for our mains.

The warm sake was shared between my friend and I and as always hit the spot after enduring the Canadian winter outside.

Afterwards, we waited well over 45 minutes to receive our plates and they did the biggest taboo, serve us 5 of our 6 main meals. We looked at each other apprehensively as we waited for his plate to come. 2 minutes later my friend encouraged us to dig in... what a charitable soul... watching us eat our meals while he waited almost 10 more minutes for his meal, that had been "forgotten". Really?

Let's discuss the legendary Mongolian beef... so... what happened to it? Why was the portion already smaller than the portion served at another location that was small enough as it is? Also, let's chill on the salt folks. I recognize this isn't a buffet styled place but for $20, I'd like a decent sized plate, preferably not being drenched in salt. Lots of water was drunk.

I didn't opt for a dessert and I settled for filtered coffee since the barista couldn't work the broken espresso/cappuccino machine tonight. Great! In the end I ended up with nasty filtered coffee that I couldn't drink more than 2 sips. 

Not wasting calories on this.

The service all night was lamentable, slow and at times impatient to downright rude (waiter said a snappy comment to one of the ladies at our table).

On a special note, the price tag is ridiculous for at best average food. How can I pay close to $90 (taxes in) for two and still leave wanting more? 

I started thinking. This is bad. Was the place half empty on a Saturday night because of the b
blizzard outside or the reputation of this place is finally catching up to it? Reviews on Yelp are very hit and miss... well add me to the miss list. 

There are better options out there and I won't be back, at least specifically at this location.
