FexomhlA5G7ipOEH3pqFkA I'm going to write a quick review as I'm on vacation. This is for the location outside the mall  PF Changs Décarie. First off the outside greets you with 2 large warrior horses-wow! Then you enter & the entrance wows me again with their high ceilings & Chinese decor of grandeur. Hostess greets us immediately-good. 
We are waited upon in a timely manner. We order large bowl of wonton soup ($9.99)& dynamite shrimps($11.49) as apps. Came fast. 
Soup had a mild balanced blend of flavour which was good. But chicken pieces were overcooked tuff & dry -hard to swallow. The actual wontons were tasty. 
Dynamite shrimps were tossed in a chili mayo sauce which was actually little spicy,just right for most "tourist". For me little too saucy but my family liked. 
Main meal we ordered shrimp in lobster sauce. This is where I got disappointed;the sauce was way too runny & thin. It had a slight bitter aftertaste. The eggs were clumped in one big clump..sigh won't order again. It was $$18.99 so I expect better of this chain. Kinda pricy for what you get. Next we had Mongolian beef $18.99 this was tasty, good flavour but disappointed that they use flank steak which made the meat chewy & a bit hard to swallow. The meat is thick cut. We had steam rice to accompany the meal. 
This place is kinda pricy for what you get. 
I'm not feeling like this would be a "go to place" as a normal weekly dining place but if you are taking someone on a date or doing the tourist thing then it's good to try once just because the decor should be enuf to "blind" them a bit & food is ok.(not wow or great)  I say that because the atmosphere & decor & friendly service make up for some of the shortfalls of the meal. I'm used to spectacular chinese food so that could be it too. I'm not one to write off a restaurant on a first try either unless they did so poorly on a first time basis, so with that in mind I would try PF Changs again but order some other items to see how they fare. As for this visit to Montreal I'm good for a long while. I'm giving them 3 stars based on everything -I would give them a 5 for decor alone tho!
