fGurvC5BdOfd5MIuLUQYVA Hey, pretty good resto considering I've passed by here dozens of time and never considered actually eating here -- until today!  Good experience overall.  :)

Have the dumplings!  Made fresh on the premises, through the ample front window you'll see about two people standing long hours folding and binding dumplings with various fillings - anything from porc, shrimp, veg, or combo fillings.
You can have 15 Steamed dumplings for under $7/$6 or 12 fried dumplings for under $7/$6.  We had, as most others seemed to, the fried version of our dumplings.

Careful - portions are a bit crazy large.  Made to share.  Prices are Very good.  I'd stick with one dish per person or even two people.  Most items are flour-based, and we filled us up very quickly.  

Mom had the beef noodle (udon/fat noodles) dish.  It was too sweet, but you can tone that down with the vinegar condiment provided on the table.  I loved that they also offered hot mustard as well - not every Asian restaurant will decide to readily offer hot mustard, but I'm partial to it for certain items.

They were quick to offer free tea, and quick with coming around with any additional beverage ordered.

We also ordered a flour pancake (with green onions or chives?), $3.99.  Very flour based.  It was okay, but I wouldn't bother with ordering the pancake again.  

Decor was definitely nicer on the inside than the outside.  I marveled at how attractively the small restaurant was set up, given that the front of the restaurant looked like any other restaurant.  

Best parts of this restaurant?  The freshness of their dumplings, and other flour-based items made on the premises.  Also, their prices and serving portions... were very generous.  Service was quite nice and sincere.  We had 2-3 people in total serving us at our table - short waiting times, and they were all so kind - ex: when I said Thank you for bringing us something, the waitress actually gave a quick pause and Thanked me back (for saying Thanks in the first place?)

Not so great parts?
Hmm... Dumplings were good, but we weren't as bowled over with their noodle or rice dishes.  Or their pancake.  All edible, but nothing that stood out at all.
Also, I was facing the entrance door, and there was a line-up that kept hawking us as we chewed and swallowed our food.  Awkward.  Family told me to ignore that.  We weren't there especially long or short.  

I'd definitely go again... In time, depending on mood and opportunity.
