FiEcKfGo-rbYyhoKHw_0MA We went because it was a new restaurant and they had a well known chef/owner, Johnny Chu, formerly of "Fate" in Phoenix.  It's in a strip center with both a Japanese (Ninja)and Chinese restaurant (Chinese Gourmet) as neighbors, on Alma School in Chandler.  Decor was pretty and new, somewhat mod with large very colorful silk lanterns hanging from the high ceiling. Each table has a cooking element in its center which will keep your broth bubbling hot for cooking. 
I need to warn those who don't like to have to cook their own meals, that you will have to work for your Hot Pot!  I would call this a high class oriental fondue dinner of sorts.  You choose a broth for the two of you, about half a dozen choices, both mild and spicy, then the individual ingredients (starches like rice or various noodles) and proteins (beef, pork, chicken, tongue and various sea-foods) and veggies (variety of oriental greens and several types of mushroom) and many different kinds of tofu.  The individual ingredients are brought out on plates, beautifully displayed and of course all raw.  A stainless steel pot of broth is placed on your burner and your are given tongs, a ladle, a long handled strainer plus your chopsticks and ceramic soup spoons.  Most ingredients need not more than 1 to 2 minutes to cook and flavor your broth.  We ordered the spicy Thai Tom Yum broth which needed a lot of soy sauce and hot chili oil to flavor it properly, there was no salt or pepper on the table.  The noodles we ordered (chow fun) were about a half inch wide and 10 to 12 inches long, making it very difficult to eat without slurping and dripping broth on your chin and upper chest!  All the ingredients were beautiful to look at, fresh and vibrantly colored and individually full flavored.  Unfortunately the soup bowls were tiny, perhaps 12 oz. capacity, more slurping and dripping.  I had coconut milk to drink, tasted fresh and delicious, my wife had jasmine tea, also very good.  No alcohol is served, you can however BYOB if you wish.  For dessert we split a strawberry cheese cake, very beautiful and rich tasting.  Total bill was $37 + tip, I thought a bit steep for a bowl of soup, but it did fill us (added 5 ingredients).  I would give the atmosphere a 4, the service a 5, the food a 3  1/2, and the value a 3  1/2..
