FmwDfn5J7Y8Uvv_FY7iUxQ Terrible service. This is an experience I must share.

We were seated quite quickly given that it was on a long weekend. I wanted to try the monster or pig egg yolk steamed buns. When I asked the staff if they had the buns, she said yes. After being seated, we were left to order on the menu sheets. We also asked for Tie Guan Yin (a kind of tea). We waited for a long time for someone to come by and collect our sheet, but nobody came, so we had to hand it into the person inputting the orders on the computer. 

The buns were not on the menu, so after we handed the sheet in, we put in an order for the pig buns because when I asked the waitress, she said they were sold out of the monster ones, but still had the pig ones. She even went to go check and came back to tell me that. We were given a receipt of all the food items we ordered on a receipt that was typed up. The pig buns were a separate receipt that was taped to our menu sheet. 

Many of our dishes came in a timely fashion. We ordered about 6 dishes and finished them all. Also, to add in, they never cleared the finished dishes. The empty plates and steamers kept piling up on our table. It was also odd that our pig buns still hadn't arrived. It was 50 minutes since we ordered them. We went to ask the person outside (since not a single staff member was around to serve our table). Suddenly another staff member comes and just puts the bill on our table even though we A) didn't ask for the bill B) just asked about our missing pig bun. He answered us by swishing his arm to us and left. A female staff member came to our table telling us that they had sold out of the egg yolk buns. She even accused us of having it on our menu sheet when it was their staff that input the order onto the computer to print the receipt out. They didn't even apologize for their lack of knowledge and miscommunication between their staff. All she asked us was who was the waitress that told us that they still had pig buns. 

This was the worst service I have ever had. Although the food was mediocre and acceptable, their service was horrendous. The tea that we ordered also wasn't the best, it left a bitter aftertaste on your tongue.
