fnLiPkJL0ur4-pS99bgqGA I had lunch here with my parents recently.  We all had their customizable noodle soups and we loved it!

The soups are all $8.75.  You chose a broth, type of noodle and 2 toppings.  You can add extra toppings for $1.50 each.  There is also a place for you to indicate if you don't want any of the standard things they add to the soups like corn, green onions, and seaweed.  The soups also come with a free hot drink.  The hot drinks you can choose from are any on the menu that sell for $1.99.

I got the pork bone broth with spinach noodles and sliced beef and fried fish balls.  My mom got the pork bone broth with egg noddles and beef brisket and shrimp wonton.  My dad got the mushroom broth (+ $1.50 extra) with house noodles and beef tendon and tripe.  

I enjoyed my soup very much.  The spinach noodles were soft and slightly chewy.  I saw tiny pieces of spinach in them, so they were made of real spinach and not just mainly food colouring like some "spinach noodles" I've had.  They also tasted like spinach.  The beef slices were very tender and not tough or chewy.  The fried fish balls were ok, but nothing to write home about.  The broth was slightly bland in my opinion (which is saying a lot since I usually complain that things are too salty), but it was still good.  It was rich and milky.  I asked for no corn, but there was rogue corn in my soup.  It wasn't a big deal for me because I just scooped them out.

My mom liked her soup too except she didn't realize that the egg noodles were so thick.  They pretty much looked like yellow udon noodles.  She thought that they would be thin noodles (the egg noodles that usually come with wonton soup).  So she didn't enjoy her noodles that much, but did like the broth, and toppings.  She said her broth wasn't bland at all (she tasted some of mine and while we ordered the same broth, she agreed that mine was bland.  I think the toppings you order also affect the broth.  My mom thinks the beef brisket she ordered made her broth saltier than mine).  She said her beef brisket was soft and tender and the shrimp wonton were full of shrimp and were delicious.

My dad loved his soup and said if we wanted to return for dinner that evening he would gladly have the same thing again (!)  His mushroom soup came with lots of mixed mushrooms (this is probably why there was an extra $1.50 charge for this broth, as it is essentially another topping as well).  He said the tendon was melt-in-your-mouth and the tripe was soft.  He really liked the house noodles (they were a little like ramen) and loved the flavours of the mixed mushrooms.

My parents had coffee as their hot drink and I had "Old School Style Hong Kong Milk Tea."  I loved my HK milk tea.  It was so rich and creamy, full of tea flavour and was slightly sweet, but not overly so.  My parents' coffee came with cream already mixed in.  They were given a packet of sugar to add if they pleased.  

Service was really friendly and efficient.  The place was very busy, but the servers managed well.  My dad accidentally dropped his cutlery on the floor and one of the servers noticed and gave him new cutlery even before he had to ask.  

The restaurant is located in a strip mall so there is lots of free parking.

I will definitely be going to Grand Noodle again every time I'm back in Markham.
