fTz6EQVya08b5ZzrYLsX-A me (explosively): ~cough!~hack!~cough!~hack!

my guy: Um, will you please see a doctor [he means Western Medicine]? You've been coughing up lungs all night long for about 6 days now.

me: But I know it's a viral thing-- or a cold--a doctor is just going to try to give me antibiotics or prescribe me some codeine cough medicine*. 

my guy: You have to do SOMETHING.

me (whispering because my voice is so wrecked): Okay, I'll look into getting some T.C.M.



New to Toronto, I didn't know where to go to for Traditional Chinese Medicine-- but I knew that T.C.M. would squelch this cough, heal me and give me back my voice.

Sounding like a rock star after a long night of whiskey and cigarettes (I wish), I phoned for an appointment and was scheduled to be seen immediately. I selected The Best of Chinese Medicine because it's convenient to me (and to most people--right by Chester Station above the cheese shop) and not for the name. But the name is kind of cute. The place is even cuter.

You go up a flight of stairs and enter a serene environment. The walls are a mellow pale green. There are shelves of TCM herbs and remedies. It is a place that just beams health at you, unlike western doctors' offices which can feel like a circle of germ hell.

I scored: my appointment was with the owner of TBCM, Dr. Susan Hu. I filled out a questionnaire and then had the consult with her, explaining my various symptoms.

In the exam room, she had me undress to my skivvies for treatment (hint: wear your best underoos). The exam bed is heated, cozy! She listened to concerns about needle sensitivity, avoided my hands and feet and put on the heating lamp to help activate the trigger points. She was expert at finding the exact trigger points and massaged these sore spots a bit. 

Amazing. It felt amazing.

She also applied cupping (my back) and scraping (my sternum). OMG. The Chinese really ARE good at torture!

ha ha

I got three different herbal cold remedies (two to dissolve together in hot water, one bottle of herbal pills) and three days later, my all-night cough stopped. My voice is nearly back. 

I am totally beating this thing.

Eastern medicine 1, Western medicine 0.

*but I totally would have liked some codeine-spiked cough syrup.
