Fu5rL-dPs-VNW0k315xMbw 2.5

I've always heard good things about Fantasy when it was in it's old location in Scarborough.  Finally decided to give this place a try.  Needless to say, it didn't quite live up to the hype.

Pros:
Meals come with free soup and dessert
Staff are friendly

Cons:
Food is very salty
Service can be slow if place is busy

Came here on a Saturday night for dinner.  We came around 6 which was a good idea because the place filled up rather fast not to much later.  When it fllls up, the place gets rather loud and hectic.  You're not coming here if you want a quiet dinner for 2. 

We ordered the Deep friend spicy pork chops, the beef tenderloin on metal plate, and  the braised tofu.  We get the complementary soup not too long after we order.  I notice it's a little too salty, but as its complementary I don't say anything, not even to my GF.  We then wait for about 20 min before anything else comes.  You notice that when it's busy, it can take a while for things to come out.  The staff are pretty friendly though and answers our questions with smiles.

The first dish that comes is the braised tofu.  It comes with the some broccoli and about 4 or 5 mushrooms.  I bite into the tofu and the first thing i note is that it's super salty.  I note this to my GF and she agrees immediately as well.  The beef comes out next and it comes smoking.  It has a nice look to it and smells great.  One bite in and..  it's super salty as well.  GF agrees immediately too.  We do disagree on which one is more saltier, lol.  Finally the pork comes out and yes, it's salty too.  We've never experienced something like this before.  We gave some of the tofu to our little one and afterwards she needed water badly.  She guzzled the water out of her sippy cup faster than I've ever seen.  That's how salty it was for her.

My GF went to Fantasy when it was in Scarborough and she says it was a lot better when it was there.  Based on my one experience, I would have no choice but to agree.  The amount of salt in the food made it harder to enjoy the meal.  The conspiracy theorist in me believes this is done because they want us to buy more rice and drinks, lol.  If you like your food saltier, then this is your place.
