Fu5rL-dPs-VNW0k315xMbw Lunch special 2.5 stars
Dinner 4 stars
Overall 3 stars

I dined at Fantasy Eatery once for lunch and once for dinner.  My lunch experience was average, yet the dinner experience was enjoyable.  

For lunch, we ordered a Beef Rice Noodle Stir Fry ($8) and a Singapore Noodle Stir Fry ($8) from the lunch special menu.  Both came with a hot coffee or milk tea.  The Beef Rich Noodle Stir Fry had a beautiful light soy sauce color which I appreciated.  The noodle was salty.  The Singapore Noodle Stir Fry had a rich yellow colour.  The noodle was potent spicy.  There was a lot of curry power.  Fantasy's chef was not shy from using condiment.  Both dishes didn't have much meat.  The noodle portion was barely acceptable.

For dinner, we ordered an Ice-Quake Sweet and Sour Pork ($12) and a Scallops Stir Fried with Prince Mushroom ($18).  The Ice-Quake Sweet and Sour Pork was exceptionally well made.  The surface was fried to a slight hardness but the batter coating was thin.  The meat was tender yet not fatty.  The flavour between sweet and sour was balance.  The meat was well marinated.  The ice added a flair to presentation.  As well, for some pieces, I felt a coldness when the meat entered my mouth, yet the meat was hot when I bite into it.  This was an interesting sensation.  The portion was sufficient.

The Scallops Stir Fried with Prince Mushroom tasted delicious and fresh, but the overall portion was a little small.  The scallops were thick.  The quantity was barely acceptable.  There was insufficient quantity of prince mushroom.  The amount of celery far exceeded prince mushroom, so Fantasty might as well include celery in the entree name.  For $18, I expected more.

You would think that I would recommend ordering the Ice-Quake Sweet and Sour Pork but not the Scallop Stir Fried with Prince Mushroom.  Well, the star of the Ice-Quake Sweet and Sour Pork, meaning the truly well made part of the dish, is the sweet and sour pork.  The ice adds a lot to the presentation but only a little bit to the experience.  I didn't read the menu thoroughly, but if you can find a simple sweet and sour pork entree, minus the ice-quake, on the menu for a much lower price, I recommend ordering it instead.  You don't need to pay $$ for the ice.
