FykLjv4tIq618q8F2pvTKg When in North Vegas, and we want a lot of food, my mom, my brother, and I eat here. 

My doc, a very skinny dude. says going to a buffet might make you balloon in weight if you if you can't control your appetite. He doesn't recommend them.  Easy for him to say. But if you love unlimited crab at dinner time - along with Korean BBQ and the usual accompaniments, you ought to try this place. But I have a few things to warn you about. First, some of my friends would think this is dirty and they would not come here. I think it's clean enough, though the bathrooms would gross out a clean freak.  I always bring my own alcohol wipes.  Second, the parking is horrible at night, esp. the weekend.  Third, there might be a wait at dinner time.  The wait is...Krazy long.

 The lunch price is $8.29 per person last I checked. .At dinner the price is $12.99,which includes the aforementioned unlimited crab. The piles of crab creates pigs out of mere mortals.  Soft drinks are extra. The clientele is probably mostly working class families with a few business people.  Not a single guy was wearing a tie.  There were lots of kids of all ages,The tables are close together, so you'll feel cozy and hear all kinds of interesting conversations and arguments. I've seen people "normal people' but in my last trip there, you could see folks dressed like Beverly Hillbillies  and tattooed grannies.  The people watching is Krazy cool.

The servers are very good about picking up dirty places and refilling water and sodas. Surprisingly, with all that food in the place, the ones that were there were skinnier than my doc. What, they don't eat this food?  Is it Krazy bad? No, I think they hustle the whole time.

I love the various ways shrimp are served, and the vegetable options.  Actually, my two favorite things are the homemade donuts when they are still warm, and the fried platanos. Even Mexican and Filipino restaurants I go to can't make it this sweet and gooey soft, Thank God for the double doors upon exit. waddle waddle...
