FykLjv4tIq618q8F2pvTKg As crazy as it sounds (pun intended), I am definitely a fan of Krazy Buffet. Tell me where else can you find another buffet that serves crab legs for 12.99? Besides their other location I dont remember anybody else doing the same thing. While most other places that charge you more for COLD crab legs, the ones they serve here are STEAMED. 

What's the difference you say? Well, besides the fact that you know it hasnt been sitting out from the night before, (hence refrigerating it is necessary so they can serve it again the next day and thats why a lot of places prefer to serve it cold), steaming it kills a lot of bacteria and/or any other germs that it may have with it. Most importantly, the crab meat tends to be more flavorful and moist.

Not into crab? Well they have lots of other choices like crawfish, grilled fish, clams, mussels, oysters and even sushi. Soup choices from hot n sour to egg drop. Honey shrimp, spicy chicken, chicken wings, etc. and lots more that I am not putting here simply because of the fact that you are not going to eat every individual item. What you will end up doing just like me is sampling here and there which will eventually lead you back to those items that make your taste buds happy.

A major plus for me is their Mongolian option. You put together on a plate your choice of meats which is shrimp, beef, pork, and chicken along with veggies like onions, green bell peppers, jalepenos, and mushrooms. You can top it off with minced garlic and/or chili sauce to give it that spicy kick. Then you hand it over to the cook who grills everything together until all is thoroughly cooked. He puts it on a plate for you and off you go to enjoy. What you want and how you want it to taste is obviously up to you.

Service is pretty good. They do a good job of refilling your drinks and picking up your used dishes.

Just remember the 12.99 price I am describing is for Dinner only. Here's the breakdown:
Monday through Saturdays are as follows.
Lunch: Adults are $8.29 and kids 4 to 10 years old are $4.29
Dinner: Adults $12.99 and kids 4 to 10 years old are $6.99
Sundays are all day dinner price.
Senior Citizens and Military get 10 percent off

So in closing, the food here is pretty decent for the price you pay. They have another location off of Sahara but my preference is this one because its bigger and I think the service is a lot better. So whenever you are thinking of crab legs (especially steamed), then this is the place to go for the price is decent for what you get.

Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #108 "Feeling Crabby?"
