fzHBvd0HZm1yB3UIMqZ3bA For those of you wondering if this is the famous Taiwanese chain that's in LA/Seattle, it's NOT.  In fact, it's a far cry, especially service-wise!!!

1.  It's OVERPRICED.  $1 per dumpling?  Main dishes are higher than most Chinese places by at least $2-4 which adds up IF you go with people who do not know how to order.  $13.50 for greasy fried rice?  I wouldn't order this.  

Overall, there were a coupla entrées I wouldn't personally order, but LUNCH for 4 people was just under $75, before tips...which I think is ridiculous.

The Taiwanese chain is affordable or at least SEEMS worth it 'cause the service is more refined.

2.  Food was mediocre and at times, greasy, re:  Fried Rice and Green Onion Pancakes.  There was a pool of oil at the bottom of the rice, see:  pictures.  Green Onion Pancakes had this weird coconut taste as if they used coconut oil for the layers.  The taste was off.  

I guess I don't really like Xio Long Baos 'cause they were just awhight in my books.  Nothing to rave about.  AND you hafta eat them right away or the wrapping gets really hard.  Near the end of our meal, we had to rock-paper-scissors to see which "loser" would eat the last remaining 2!

Warning:  Whatever you order, DO NOT try the Soufflé Balls with Black/Red Bean.  The taste of the "soufflé" was unexpected, savoury, greasy (it was fried!), and sorta mushy.  It's difficult to explain, but it was pretty damn close to being inedible.  It was not light 'n airy as the term soufflé suggests.

3.  Service was rude.  We had 1 menu for 4 people.  Had to ask for another one.  And as the dishes rolled out, they weren't placed on the table, they were just pushed on, and sometimes in awkward places, e.g. in between people!!!  Good servers would actually make a space for the dish, not push it on.

I don't mind unrefined service as much IF the prices matched.  However, if you're gonna charge those kinda prices, you'd better make sure that it's top notch!  

If you've been to the original DTF, the service is kind, refined, and very polite.  It is not pushy, rude.  The food is clean and tasty, NOT greasy, a mishmash of Shanghai et al., and overpriced.  Never again.
