fzHBvd0HZm1yB3UIMqZ3bA I've been to two branches of Ding Tai Fung in Shanghai and their steamed soup dumplings eclipsed everything I've had before and since in NYC.  I thought this another branch but seems it has nothing to do with the Ding Tai Fung franchise.  This place has a good reputation, so I came to give them a try.

Came for dinner last week, with three dining partners.  The restaurant, located at First Markham Place, is fairly elegant-looking inside with high ceilings, mahogany-colored wood walls, neutral colors, and pine-colored chairs.  Against the back, a section is walled in glass so you can view the soup dumpling preparation.  We made reservations for a Friday night and good thing, they were packed around 8:30 pm, with lines going for at least another hour or so.

We tried both available soup dumplings, the crab meat/pork and dried scallop/pork.  The former was excellent, and although still not at the level of what I had in Shanghai, definitely the best I've had in North America.  Thin, pliant skin encasing a tasty broth (a touch oily) and a very tender meat filling topped with real crab.  The scallop one was good but not as good by far.  We also had the Shanghai fried noodles: thick, nicely chewy noodles that were very tasty.  Spicy beef tendon came cubed, seasoned with a spicy oil: not as tender as I like.  Spicy wontons also very good; smooth skin, tasty meat with lots of filling, peppery spicy oil sauce.  "3 cup chicken" came in a large casserole: quality of the chicken was so-so, and was overcooked; sauce was rich and good.  Pea shoots sauteed in garlic was well-flavored but the vegetables themselves were not very fresh, a bit tough, probably not the best choice of greens that night.

I returned one more time to enjoy the crab/pork soup dumplings for brunch, accompanied by baby bok choy sauteed in garlic (slightly undercooked but otherwise good), and fried red bean paste filled pancake (crispy, freshly fried, tasty, not very sweet).

Definitely consider this a good place to get the steamed soup dumpling, with mixed feelings about the other items.  I've been impressed ^__^
