0vjgAYQ-2mSs51_S75rOQQ Went there for weekend lunch.

First impression: nice decor! Didnt expect it from the exterior which was raher drab.  High ceilings accentuated by crystals. Buffet setup came with different sections for sushi, noodles, fried Chinese stuff, dimsum, dessert, choco fountain, noodle soup, Mongolian. (am sure there were other sections but going off memory here)

I came for the dimsum and dessert, and thought those by themselves were worth the trip. Dimsum had diff types of har gow, siumai, intestines (too bad, there was no lo mai kai). Dessert was great with a wide selection of cakes (more than other buffets and seems of better quality- not trying to kill u with sweetness). Loved that they had a choco fountain, stocked w strawberries and mallows. I didnt notice the slushie/juice section (beside the choco fount) till i was too full, but the number of flavors looked interesting.

Other things i tried: noodle soup with satay beef- pretty good. Noodles seemed handmade in texture. Wife tried the tomato and fish noodle soup and thought i was good too. Sushi selection was fair and better than other Chinese buffets i've been to. There were a lot of Chinese dishes and looked good (didnt seem too greasy and seemed fresh, but didnt try out that part of the spread). What i would try in the future are the fish ball/meatballs cooking station - reminded me of street foods in prior visits to China that i was too chicken to try out. 

Heard they've changed management recently, thus the massive renovation, and new cuisine. Havent been here before this visit but judging fr prvious reviews, theymust have done a good job updating the food (and service). Good thing coz would be to bad if the food didnt match the nice decor.

Service was efficient but not rude like other Chinese places. 

Last note: i always do the bathroom test (clean restroom = clean kitchen) when i go to Chinese restos and this one passed the test. 

Price was standard Chinese buffet price, 15.99 for wkend lunch. Thought it was a good deal considering the spread and the fact that the food and ambiance is a notch above its peers.
 
Will definitely return to try out other dishes, stations.
