0VjHFdczi6Nln_nn8bucJQ I finally found a reason not to drive to Spring Mountain for pho.

Pho Bistro is the place that replaced Beijing Noodle Cafe, which was a Chinese restaurant with similarly inexpensive, casual eats. This place has actually been open for almost two years, but I've found reason after reason to keep putting off my first visit, including disbelief that we could have anything good out here and lack of reviews from familiar Yelpers. I ended the procrastination today with a lunch visit.

They offer $5.95 lunch specials daily from 11-3, and it's not just the typical fried rice and whatnot. There are 4 pho options, including vegetarian, beef meatball, chicken, and the Pho Tai that I got with rare sliced beef. The bowl came out quickly and was piping hot, which hints that they have a huge pot going in the back like all good pho restaurants do. Well, that would've been just a guess if I didn't get a spoiler because my seat was in line of sight with the kitchen door. That huge pot on the stove was a giveaway.

But that doesn't matter if it doesn't taste good, and boy was the stock surprisingly delicious. It might be a little too sweet for some, but to me that just means that it plays well with the lime juice that I ended up fully extracting after a careful squeeze into a spoon of broth and a small sip. The pho noodles are pretty standard, and the meat was tender and savory. The Thai basil was fresh, and so were the bean sprouts, which I normally skip but decided to throw into my broth this time. Value-wise, it's a small bowl that works for a lunch portion and is great for the price.

By the way, the lunch special comes with soda or tea. I went with a hot tea, which ended up being a bag of what was labeled as jasmine tea that was allowed to steep in a mug of boiling water. I was expecting a little more jasmine aroma, but it was a nice way to cleanse the palate and get a little caffeine to stave off the food coma.

Pho Bistro is home of my favorite pho east of the Strip, and it should be the first stop for pho if you're on this side of town or if you're in the immediate vicinity. Henderson is pretty mediocre, and there's one spot on Boulder Highway that I still need to look at, but this is probably the go-to place. And this rating could actually rise if their other options are as good and if the pho is consistent. I was gonna try a banh mi sandwich, but I have other dinner plans. Next time!
