gdb4gmSI5eJcuXLZ3BfgtA Jackie Chan is not in the house, But.... 

   Jackie Chan is one of a couple Chinese restaurants alongside Blue Diamond Road (Nevada Route 160) in Mountains Edge. It is a short drive from Exploration Park where I had just done some hiking. 

   After hiking in Exploration Park in this hot June afternoon I was up for some Chinese food. I headed to XO to find out that they are closed for refurbishment. In hopes of enjoying some Chinese food, Jackie Chan would come to the rescue. After typing in "Chinese food" Jackie Chan appeared. Henceforth I headed .06 east on Blue Diamond to the Walgreens - McDonald's shopping center at Durango. 

  The parking spaces seemed to be tight and few. I was left to park my car by McDonald's. 

  When I walked inside I looked at the lunch special board on the right wall. The lunch specials started at $5.95. They included an entree, fried rice, a sweet and sour chicken, crunchy noodles, and egg drop soup. In my opinion this is a better deal than the place I parked my car by. 

  Jackie Chan seems to have a popular take out business. The man working at the counter was engrossed with take out phone calls before getting to my order. With an additional fountain Coke, I opened my wallet and handed him close to $8.

  From there I seated myself at one of the few tables. I observed that this is a take out restaurant with the staff delivering the food, first round of Coke, and cleaning up the food. Moreover, I observed that Jackie Chan is not in the house. I saw zero pictures, articles, or memorbelia celebrating Jackie Chan. But I did see the Chinese food on my table. 

  Jackie Chan isn't a styrophone and plastic takeout style Chinese restaurant. They serve the soup, food, and drinks on real china. The food that they served me on this real china was ok and nothing to write home about. The egg drop soup and crunchy noodles that proceeded the meal were decent. Ditto for the pepper steak with onions, one sweet and sour chicken, and fried rice. What stood out about Jackie Chan besides the name is that it is the first Chinese restaurant where the lunch special included a sweet and sour chicken. 

   After a hike in Exploration Park, the lunch special got the job done. My opinion of Jackie Chan the Chinese Restaurant is that it is decent but not great.
