0VtWeDkqzj9CE3MF0geWYA This place is a shit show. Do not come here on a weekday night (e.g. Tuesday night), because the place will be empty, and the D-class kitchen staff will cook the most atrocious Food Court Style - yes, the food was so bad, the description warrants capitalization - Chinese food, that it'll leave you wondering why how on Earth you paid close to $90 for a four-person meal at a plaza known for decent food at a decent price.

Like OK, I know this is First Markham Place, I'm not expecting Yorkville quality here, but from what we ordered, it's as if they just don't give a fuck about their Tuesday night customers and just gave us what was left over from the day. We asked for golden pork (the meat that has the crispy skin), and they said they don't have any left (because it's 7:45PM in the evening). That's fine, I can look past that, but  when they gave us our other dishes, the dishes were cold and dry!

We ordered black pepper salt shrimp as a dish. They had fried it for so long, the shrimp meat inside tasted like paper. Paper!! If I went to Manchu Wok for black pepper salt shrimp, this is what I would get, but why am I getting this tasteless shrimp from a sit-down restaurant?!

Another thing we ordered was sweet and sour pork. Simple enough. I'm pretty sure you can't go wrong with sweet and sour pork. The pork and the flour they use to make it crispy was good enough. But overall, the dish used a lot of really old oil, so it tasted super greasy and made me super thirsty afterwards.

We also ordered this golden pork, eel, and Chinese mushroom bowl. This dish was so salty. Hey, I get it, Chinese people like their salt, but this time it was to a point where they didn't even measure the amount of soy sauce they put in and just chugged a whole bottle in or something. Yet another dish that made me super thirsty.

One more dish: The Beijing duck. Careful of how much oil they slather on your dish because it will seem as if the Beijing duck is swimming in oil on your dish. Hahah. Yeah, no, it's gross.

Then the rice? Hard and stale. I mean, I didn't mind it because I don't mind my rice a little chewy, but when you can actually taste that it's stale and not boiled to a harder chewier texture, then that's a problem.

All in all, this place is trash. Do not go here. If you want Food Court Style Chinese food, just go to the First Markham Place food court. If you want cheap food, then go to the Chef Wong's next door or something. Or if you want cheap food that has minimal MSG, try The Owl of Minerva.
