GhGYQ5WI4LdH53591fUMMA I love all foods Asian, so for my birthday, I made my husband go to Wam with me--we had a coupon, so it was like 2 birthdays in one!  The location is great for us, since we live right now down the street, that was a big plus.  And again, COUPON--double plus!  We checked out the menu for a while, and I decided to get several things, since it was my birthday, again, we had a coupon (I love coupons if you couldn't tell. Restaurants that offer me monthly coupons make me very happy and automatically earn one star), and their menu was substantial--not overwhelmingly so, but they offer a variety of pan-Asian options. 

I decided to get the miso soup, tempura vegetables, and the chicken hibachi.  My husband got the wings and the General Tao's chicken (that's right--not Tso's).  The miso soup was great--lots of stuff in it, which I prefer (I hate getting one mushroom and a piece of tofu--this one has about a dozen mushrooms, tofu, and green onions).  It was salty, but it's miso--isn't that Japanese for salty?  (no, it's not)  I will get it every time I go there again. The tempura veggies were bird's nest style (Trader Joe's fans know what I mean).  Shredded and wrapped together, then fried, and totally delicious!  I would also get this again and again.  

The chicken hibachi was alright--I probably wouldn't get it again, but they also have many more options, so more than likely I would have ordered something else anyway.  The brown rice, however, was awesome, and at no extra charge, a total steal (most places charge you extra for brown rice, at least that I've seen).  

My hubby had the wings and General Tao's.  The wings were totally awesome--pretty spicy, crispy, and generally delish.  Another dish not to be missed.  Same goes for the Tao's--spicy, a few veggies alongside, and it heated up well the next day.  

The service was great--from entry to exit, we were waited on promptly and politely--the staff was awesome and very friendly.  We will definitely be back here again and again--also a great place for take-out, I'm sure.  

I would definitely keep an eye out for the clippers coupon, which will save you about $6--that's right, dinners run around $6--another reason to head down to Wam.  

This place has my approval for yummy, convenient, affordable Asian food!  Perhaps I'll see you there!

UPDATE:  I had the seafood salad the last time we were there, and it was absolutely one of the greatest things I have ever eaten. No joke. I wanted to lick my bowl and drink the dressing, but I thought it might be a bit too...crass?  Definitely get it.
