GhWMl0J2gOOH61BhBMTAAA My fiance and I were out running errands around town this past weekend and passed by this place.  I mentioned wanting to try it sometime and that I had been to a place with the same concept many years ago in Tempe and thought it was really cool.  After we were done running errands we were headed back the same direction and came up to Ghenghis and he pulled in the parking lot and suggested we go ahead and try it.  We walk in and wait to be seated like the sign says, right off the bat I notice several employees walk by without even acknowledging us.  Then this male employee walks over with a bewildered look on his face, like he clearly is not used to seating people.  I thought he'd figure it out since it's not exactly a large restaurant.  We should have just grabbed a seat at their bar!  He told us someone would be right with us and a girl came over and sat us...right next to the server station.  Whatever I was starving and didn't really care at that time.  Neither one of us had been there so our waitress who sat us rapidly explained the process, she went thru it so fast I just decided we should fill out their form and have them make our bowls for us.  When she got back to us for our order we ordered drinks, I got a coke and he ordered a beer.  We proceeded to sit there for about 20 minutes, meanwhile at the table next to us some people sat down after us and were brought their meals and were almost done!  Our waitress comes over and says our food should be out any minute, not long after that another woman comes over ( I assume the manager since she wasn't wearing a server uniform) and says that they are out of two of the seafood items that my fiance had ordered.  He changed his order and we continued to wait all the while thinking why the hell didn't they tell us that in the first place!  Then as we waited and waited some more I started wondering why our waitress said our food should be out soon when they clearly hadn't even started cooking it yet if they didn't even possess the food to cook it.  By this point I was extremely hungry and irritated, I had half a coke left his beer was empty and the waitress comes by and drops off a fresh coke that I felt like she did only to try and make up for our wait.  But maybe she should have thought of asking if my fiance wanted another beer since his was empty!  She did stop to ask if they had told us they were out of his order and said she would take our bowls off, whatever that meant.  We continued to wait a few more minutes until I just couldn't wait any longer.  We got up to leave and walked passed the manager lady sitting at a bar table who said thanks for coming...ya thanks for NOTHING!  They weren't even what I would call busy.  I have never had to walk out on service like that.  I was looking forward to a cool new experience and ended up being extremely disappointed.  I will never go there again!
