GJ_bXUPv672YwNg4TneJog I'm so thankful that I ignored the 3 star average reviews, and decided to give this wonderful, eclectic restaurant a try. I stayed at the Cosmopolitan 4 nights, and on my last night there, sauntered up to the hostess stand around 8:00 and asked to be seated. She asked if we wanted a table or to sit at the bar. I glanced to the left and realized sitting at the bar gave us full view of the ladies making sushi and other Asian dishes, so naturally I wanted to sit there. 

Now, I had a friend with me and we had spent 3 hours in the early afternoon, next door at the Holsteins bar eating apps and drinking way too much. Alas, I was hungry again and he was not, so this review is for my meal and drinks only.

I started with the Margarita flight and was not disappointed! It includes a Salt Air Margarita, Pomegranate Margarita, and Ron Cooper Margarita. They were all delish. Started with the Ron Cooper, as it has mezcal, and being the whiskey/scotch girl that I am, I fond this smoky,  spicy rimmed rita absolutely intoxicating. It was perfect. The other two were perfection, as well. Had I not already drank so much at Holsteins, I would've ordered a full sized Ron Cooper. Mmmm

My friend ordered a single Rou Jia Mo Street Sandwich (Asian, red braised pork). It was small, but flavorful and perfect for him, as he was still stuffed from all our food and drinks earlier that day. I went with the $55 Chefs Experience tasting menu. O.M.G...

Every selection was heaven in my mouth. Started with chips and the best guacamole I've ever has in the US! I'm from Texas and have super high expectations for guac and this was excellent! Next, I was served a delicious Carnitas taco. It should've been double wrapped with 2 corns tortillas, instead of one, as it fell apart easily but the flavor was on point. Next came a single, delicious Siu Mai, topped with edible gold leaf. It was my favorite dim sum. Ever! Then came a scrumptious, large bowl of vegetable fried rice, that I had to share. The texture of the perfectly crisp veggies with the expertly cooked rice was exceptional! 

To top it off, I was served 2 desserts that were over the top tasty. First came a churro that I devoured in about 5 seconds! Then, a mango, cream and rice krispie topped selection that was a prefect, light ending to the experience! 

Our bartender/waiter was a tremendous asset and knew the menu and expertly explained what I was being served and provided excellent service,  as did the food runner that brought each selection. It was an AMAZING night and unforgettable meal!
