gjPRvEiJ2WcUJg7Prv2kQQ It's time for a little questionnaire. 
What do rabbits, turtles, and frogs all have in common? Is it:
They are all considered good household pets for children
They comprise the menu for Jen K's fear factor UYE or
All of the above
If you guessed all of the above than you are correct! 

I came here this past Saturday as part of a fear factor UYE, this place serves some spooky but quite delicious Chinese delicacies. Our menu for the night consisted of 5 dishes, some of which were more adventurous than others. The first dish to come out was a large soup consisting of a whole chicken and a whole turtle (shell and everything!). This was a very home-style kind of dish, the broth was quite excellent (not salty at all), the chicken was quite tender and the turtle to my surprise was pretty delicious, it had a very mild flavour. I loved that that had every part of the animals in the soup (even the head), this would be a great dish to enjoy and a cold winters day. 

The next dish to come out was stir fried rabbit head. This was my least favourite dish of the night, the rabbit head had so little meat on it and was very difficult to eat, however this dish did have a nice kick to it thanks to all the Szechuan peppercorns it was cooked with. The last adventurous dish was frogs legs which were served in an oil and chilli pepper broth. These bad boys were hopingly good, very skinny and boney frog's legs had such beautifully tender meat that has quite a mild flavour. Again this was a spicy dish cooked with red chillies and some of those numbing Szechuan peppercorns. 

Our other 2 dishes were not that adventurous but still tasty. One dish was chilli chicken which consisted of small crispy fried pieces of chicken cooked with about a pound of red chillies and peppercorns. The chicken was cooked really well, so crispy on the outside but still tender and moist, this dish packed quite the spicy punch. Lastly we had a dish of boiled Chinese cucumber which gave us a nice palate cleanse from all the red chilli and numbing peppercorns we were ingesting, definitely much needed relief. 

Most of the dishes we had on this night had to be ordered in advance to ensure the restaurant has these weird meats in stock. On a Saturday night this restaurant was quite busy and full of younger people. I was basically the only non-Asian person in the restaurant which is always a sure sign that you are in for an authentic meal (no chicken balls here!). The servers did not speak English very well so be sure to bring a friend who can speak the language. My only beef with this place was that they had no Chinese beer! How is that even possible? Anyways the food made up for the lack of Chinese beer and I would love to return to this place for a more normal meal.
