gnkyosoOepBUqog7iDdggQ Finally got to come here after hearing so much about it. 

Chef Papa is a pretty cool concept, where you get to choose your soup base, noodle, and toppings. All meals come with a basic drink with the option to upgrade for an additional cost ($1.00 for cold drinks and $2.50 for their specialty teas). My fiancé chose the tom yum and coconut soup base and we flagged someone down to ask which noodles are the pho noodles. The guy we asked had no idea. It's the dried rice vermicelli, FYI. I got their ramen combo with cha siu and a basic soup base. We also ordered their Taiwanese chicken nuggets, honey garlic chicken wings, and lemon grass chicken as additions. 

My fiancé's meal came almost instantly with our side orders trailing behind. His dish was super delicious. The tom yum soup was the perfect amount of spicy, sour, and thickness. Noodles were your standard pho noodles. He ordered beef and egg as his two toppings, but his meal only came with the beef. He flagged someone down to ask about the missing egg and she said she would check to see if his dish was wrong. We watched as she walked away, did a circle around the restaurant, and then stood by the tea bar. She avoided us for the remainder of our meal. 

My fiancé's meal came 20 minutes before mine and we were still waiting on the lemon grass chicken. He was almost done his meal when we asked someone about my meal. They apologized, ran off to the kitchen, and returned with my dish and the lemon grass chicken. My dish was good,  but nothing to write home about. Noodles were tastier than your average ramen noodle and the pork was tender and fatty, but the soup base was underwhelming. All the side dishes were really good and you can't go wrong with the price tag. 

Our drinks came as we were finishing our meal. Thankfully, our bubble tea came in a take out cup, so we could just bring it with us on our way out. 

This place would be a 4 star to me, but I took away one star because their service sits somewhere between nonexistent and incompetent.
