gnkyosoOepBUqog7iDdggQ When a restaurant's menu reads like a choose your own adventure series, I'm in a good place. When the adventure ends in a bowl of delicious, affordable noodles, then I'm in a great place. After all, having a lot of choices can be exciting. Kinda like character customization in an RPG, an ordeal that can take hours to create your perfect online self.

1) Choose a server: Ultimately, it probably doesn't matter what you pick, but maybe you like the feel of one over the other. Maybe your friends all want some ramen noodles, or udon, and yeah, you heard pretty good things about those two. 

2) Choose your class: Rich shio broth, tom yum, garlic white pepper, home-style tomato and egg. Your soup base is the foundation for all your choices. Whatever you pick will determine your stats in-game, what gear you should go for, or what your dinner will ultimately taste like. 

3) Customize your looks: Blue eyes, green eyes, beef brisket, bok choy. Choices, so many topping choices. Hard to go wrong with any of them and you get two free selections. For once, feel free to click the randomize button. 

4) Choose your gear: Sure you can run out into the RPG world butt naked, but do you really want to? Similarly, why not get a drink, when it's absolutely free? Cold drinks are a dollar extra. The bubble tea upgrade is $2.50. 

5) DLC/Add-ons: So you're good to go, your noodle selection is optimal. But then again...what about some Taiwanese fried chicken for $3 or some fresh crisp wings. Oh man, it's not that expensive and it'll make you look pretty cool...I mean, it'll taste pretty good.

And there you are! You are left with a generous bowl of soupy comfort that you can take pride in and call your own. The beauty with Chef Papa is that everything I tried tasted fresh and delicious and your bill usually stays under the $20 mark unless you really go ham. Be as generic or as adventurous as you want! If you're really committed to this metaphor, feel free to name your bowl of noodles as well. 

Yours truly, XxNoodzkiller00

(102/100) - 2016
