GU7ww3eoGTcXAze8VJtC7g I give the restaurant five stars for the LOOK of the place - really classy spot.  We had such high hopes that this would be our next big ticket Chinese restaurant to replace one of our favorites - Chinois by Wolfgang Puck, but alas, save your money and go to PF Chang's - you'll get better food there all the way around without paying so much for the so-so food.  Got there early when they opened (they were late opening for a 5PM reservation start time, which is irrupting as we had tickets to The Beatles Love and was trying to pace ourselves 2 hours to eat and get to the show in The Mirage.  We ordered the BBQ Rib appetizer - usually a favorite for us, but these were just awful.  I can' find anything really to recommend about these except they were a good size - you got four - but the sauce - was tasteless and the meat wasn't well prepared - way to tough to chew - again PF Chang's - a lesser experience - has way better ribs and probably for a fraction of the cost.  I don't mind paying top dollar for a great dining experience but we're already in trouble with appetizers.  The soup - Crab and Corn soup was also nothing exciting - just average tasting.  For main dish we had always order two items - Usually one beef and one chicken...for chicken we had the Kung Pao Chicken - this was actually the best item we ordered...had we found a better appetizer and soup and a better beef item - we might have upped this another star, but this alone wasn't worth the money we spent on this food.  For the beef, we went with the SIGNATURE DISH - Beef Tenderloin with the black pepper sauce.  You have the choice of Black Pepper or Orange Sauce - that may be a misprint in the menu - as you don't actually get any sauce - they just cook a really cheap piece of beef and put pepper on it - it was tough as nails and probably the worst piece of tenderloin beef I've ever eaten.  Sitting on a bed of some sort of julienned veggies that weren't edible - just a really nasty dish - and for this you'll be paying $45+ dollars for this "signature" dish.  Usually a signature dish is something so special, it's worth the extra money - save your dollars folks - there's probably a dozen or so terrific steak houses in Vegas that will make you a great steak meal for this price - this is NOT one of them - dried, tasteless and in general a major disappointment.  We won't be back.
