GU7ww3eoGTcXAze8VJtC7g Although the food tasted great, this wasn't the best Chinese food I've had in Las Vegas. The prices were atrocious (I'll have the breakdown) and the service was close to non-existent. Our server Kin looked less than pleased to be at work and the rest of the staff had a look of confusion as to why we weren't enjoying a Chinese meal somewhere else along Spring Mountain.  

Walking through the doors from the casino floor, we were seated at the center of the restaurant. The place is encompassed by large glass beads that serve as a divider from the other tables (the lighting was too dim for a good picture). There are booths at the corners of the restaurant for a more intimate meal and they also have two private dining rooms set on the left and right to accommodate large groups.

Now on to the food! We ordered Salt & Pepper Calamari ($18), Spicy Shrimp & Lobster Sauce ($36), Steamed Sea Bass ($42), Spicy Seafood Clay Pot ($43), Lemon Chicken ($24), Stir Fried Green Beans ($15), Combination Lo Mein ($26), and Yang Chow Fried Rice ($18). Already a $222 ticket without tax... or drinks! 

Salt & Pepper Calamari- The calamari had a light batter which provided a delicate crunch. The dish was accompanied by sweet chili sauce on the side and had fried garlic and green chilies on top of the calamari. This was a great appetizer that the entire table enjoyed. (3/5)

Spicy Shrimp & Lobster Sauce- The menu states that this dish is to be served "Sichuan Style" but clearly lacked in heat. The lobster sauce was too mild and was more like egg drop soup. Perhaps it's to accommodate for the American palette. I wouldn't advertise this dish as spicy. The bright side of this dish was that the shrimp was prepared very well. (2/5)  

Steamed Sea Bass- If you decide to make a visit to Fin, this is the dish I would recommend! Succulent sea bass is plated on top of a soy-based sauce with cured ham. There is also tender bok choy on the side to cut the richness of the sauce. (4/5)

Spicy Seafood Clay Pot- Shrimps, scallops, sea bass, and squid (say that five times fast!) made up this dish. There were also pieces of spring onion, carrots, and red chilies tossed in. Again, the title of "Spicy" did not live up to its name. (2/5)

Lemon Chicken- The breaded chicken was plated with thin lemon slices and had the lemon sauce on the side. The lemon sauce was not overpowering and the chicken was cooked to perfection. But for the price, this katsu-like dish can be found elsewhere. (3/5) 

Stir Fried Green Beans- Skip this dish, period. The green beans were not crisp and tender. They were over-cooked and soggy. (0/5)

Combination Lo Mein- There was more protein than noodles in this dish which makes it hard to criticize. The sauce was light and not too salty. (3/5)

Yang Chow Fried Rice- Pretty standard fried rice. The mild flavor paired very well with the steamed sea bass. (3/5)

The trendy decor of Fin will surely lure in customers but the food won't have me coming back.
