gUjohbxvaPoHrw41FwkVOA Wow!  I was really surprised to read all the negative reviews about this place.  I had a really great dining experience at Chinois recently.

I had to pick a place for a large group as I would be entertaining a number of members from my association during our annual convention.  It had to be centrally located among the various hotels and provide a fairly decent meal and a good wine list.  Chinois was the perfect choice.

The service was excellent.  It started with the hostess when I told her that I was meeting a group of people I'd never met before and was there somewhere I could wait so they could find me.  No problem - they took me right to my table and escorted each of my guests over after that.  (One of the biggest pet peeves I have about many dining establishments in Vegas is that your entire party has to be there before being seated, so this was a bonus.)  Our server was smart, friendly, knew her wine, and didn't bug us too much.  When asked for her preferences, she didn't just spout off the most expensive thing on the menu.  Many things we ordered, she accommodated specially because 2 people were vegetarians. 

We ordered a number of appetizers for the table.  I'm told the pork pot stickers were quite good, the tuna sashimi was wonderful!  We also had the obligatory calamari and popcorn shrimp.  Both were yummy.

For dinner, we each ordered our own meals, but then passed them around the table to share.  Some standouts were the stir-fried tofu, the crispy whole catfish and the spicy shrimp noodles.  The catfish was particularly fun because it comes whole and then they filet it apart for you tableside and was served with a delicious, spicy sauce.  There were rave reviews from around the table and every morsel was eaten.

We were so full that we opted to split just three desserts among the table.  The banana spring rolls were the stand out here.  They were so good!  We also had the crispy chocolate mousse and the creme brulee.

Now I realize that many of these entrees could probably be had at a PF Changs or similar, but I think the thing that made it all stand out was the service by far.  I truly believe that food is a reflection of the enjoyment you're having.  We had a fabulous time.
