Gv2F-f0mUYhCCUKOshpj3A Original Cuisine is a Chinese Restaurant that isn't for everyone that think they like Chinese Food. While not everything they offer is spicy they do specialize in Sichuan Food. Also this isn't a fancy place. To me it appears that this used to be a fast food restaurant. Service is good enough. Our order was taken in reasonable time and was taken correctly. We asked for extra napkins and didn't get any.

We were going to order the Spicy Fried Chicken but were told they were out of it when they were only open for less than an hour.......So we ordered some other dishes to share.

We started with the Pan Fried Rice Balls. They were like small eggs made of thin pounded rice and were filled with black sesame that tasted very much like tahini. The balls were seasoned with something that tasted brine-y and sautéed bell peppers. They were tasty but they also seemed rich so I had a bunch to bring home.

We tried the Lettuce in Garlic Sauce. The lettuce kept it's crispy stem and was served in a mild chicken based garlic sauce. This dish went really well as a chaser to our hot and spicy mouth numbing BBQ Fish.

The House Special BBQ Fish comes out bubbling hot in an oily chili based sauce on a big raised fired up tray. The fish is mild and meaty and was lightly floured and fried crisp. It covered with peanuts and chilies. It sits on top of wood ear mushrooms, lotus root and potatoes. I used my spoon and chopstick to pull pieces off. In the beginning you can pull off big pieces and eat them like fried chicken. It's very tasty. It makes my nose run from all the chili peppers but the mouth numbing peppercorns kind of mask the heat. I almost wanted more heat. This had heat but also was delicious. It didn't have that CRAZY heat that they serve you when you hit the cultural center. I'm not the best with chopsticks and I found the peanuts difficult to pick up with chopsticks so I used the spoon. I have to say this was quite a feast and I never had catfish that I enjoyed this much.

You might want to bring a fork from home and some extra napkins for your visit.

This was the best Sichuan Food since Miu's Cuisine. 

4.5 rounded up because the food was great!
