h5pqhSb74UeLNkv534m5Hg I've had Qin Tang Taste bookmarked for quite a while now. I'm very pleased to have finally come. I was surprised there were so few people during lunch on Sunday, given how many people have written good reviews about this place. That's alright with me. I like quiet.

I enjoyed my grilled toothpick fish skewer. No actual toothpicks. At $1.99, I'd say it's worth it for sure. Other than the spine and the eyeballs, one can basically eat the entire fish, including the head and tails. A tad spicy, but very tasty.

One of my friends had the handmade noodle with braised beef brisket in beef soup ($8.99). The noodles were a tad thick for me, but the soup was flavorful and the brisket was quite tender. 

Another of my friends had the robot-made Shanxi sliced noodles with house special sauce ($7.99). I did not see the robot. These noodles were flat and broad and chewy. The house special sauce is spicy, slightly sweet, and very fragrant. It's got lots of ground pork and veggies in it as well. 

My third friend got the Chinese pancake filled with sliced leek and omelette ($7.99). This one was tasty, but quite overpriced. Usually, this item is about $4.99 at other restaurants. This one may have been just slightly larger in portion than those other restaurants, but it wasn't outstanding. That being said, the pancake part was crisp and there was a good amount of filling inside. She also got the glutinous rice balls in osmanthus soup ($2.99). If I recall correctly, there were 8 black sesame filled glutinous rice balls in her bowl. It was a pretty good deal.

I got the lamb stew with vegetables and chopped Chinese pancake, aka lamb pao mo ($8.99). It's not quite a stew. It's a lamb broth with chopped Chinese pancake (think chopped English muffin), bamboo shoots and wood ear fungus, lamb slices, and a quail egg. The broth was delicious. You could definitely tell it was lamb soup. The lamb slices were tasty as well. This dish was hot, comforting, and very filling. I wish there had been some more broth though. If you take a long time to eat it, the bread soaks in all the broth.

The noodle portions here are very generous. The two noodles plus the lamb pao mo would have been enough to fill the four of us, and those were only the small sizes. The large sizes are a dollar more. 

Oh. Their music playlist is a tad eclectic. We sat down to a number of tracks from one of the latest Kdramas (Strong Woman Do Bong Soon, anyone?), then heard some hip hop and some R&B, if I have my musical genres right. That was interesting.

Great food and good prices. I can't wait to come back!
