H7_QV4LceybuWhuuIhlp_w This review is based on my lunch time experience. So it might be limited and bias... in my own special way.. :)

I walked by and saw $5.99 for lunch that includes soup or soy milk drink.. You know I cannot resist the deal.

I went there on a Friday afternoon around 12 pm. The place is practically empty... The restaurant is nicely decorated with high ceilings and comfortable seatings. They also have some little table that is perfect for 1 to 2 people at the front on the right of the entrance.

I ordered the lunch special of course! There are over 20 different ones you can choose from. Some selections are Shanghai and some are cantonese style... spicy or non spicy...meat lover or vegetarian choices. 

I decided on the diced chicken with peanuts in spicy sauce aks Kung Pao Chicken  (a pepper next to the item denoted that it is a hot dish) with soup of the day sweet and sour soup.

Everything arrived at my table on the same time. I have to say I was disappointed.

None of the food is hot.. I am not talking about spicy hot.. at least they should be hot  and steaming when they are served to the customers. 

None of the food is hot.. I am talking about spicy hot. If it is an authentic shangahi restaurant, both my order should be spicy spicy hot!! (Asian Legends Kung Pao chicken has tons of dried pepper inside, and the sweet and sour soup has red chilli oil flowing on top!) 

When I see there are Cantonese dim sums offering on their menu... I should not be surprise that Hi Shanghai lose their authentic shangainese style....

The food I ordered does not tastes like they were freshly made. More like they have everything pre made and just dish them out and served. At least put them in a micowave and heat it up!! 

The staffs are quite indifference and cold, no smiles, no thank you.. I did not feel too welcome.
And I found it really rude when the waitress just stood there and watched me and see how much I am tipping her...

They do have good prices for Cantonese/Shanghai dim sums all sizes order for $2.30 before 11:30 AM.

There are so many choices in Scarborough/Markham area for Chinese food. I don't think I will be going back there again for lunch. 

1 star for food; 2 stars for environment 

BTW, now you know why this place is nice and quiet during lunch time!
