HakulcKdPE-RaWCVF1GUKQ Heard from a friend of a friend this place has good desserts but also served "anything" you can think of, so gave it a try. 

Anyways we came for dinner but first thing we were told is if we are coming for dinner that they don't have much as they are really a dessert place and only a couple of options available (we came at around 7:00).  The decor and the owner seemed quite interesting and passionate so we still decided to try the couple of options available.

Of the limited option we went with what the owner suggested

1) Pork ribs with rice
Very small portion and felt like home style cooking. Comfort food but nothing to wow about.

2) Papaya and fish soup?
Seemed pretty fresh and no fishy taste. Decent soup but nothing to really wow about but didn't expect that here.

3) Braised Brisket noodle
Portion was again small but this was by far the best dish in terms of taste. The soup was very savory and was told it takes a couple of days to prepare. Solid beefy taste with garlic.

Dessert

There was a lot of dessert to pick from. We had a pancake with yam ice cream which was meh (and of course small). The lychee tea pudding was interesting but again nothing really special.

We found the dessert soups to be the better of the choices. They were enriched with flavour and pretty smooth and thick. We had the hazlenut and the pistachio. Both were pretty good in terms of taste.

Overall I think the owner uses decent quality ingredients in most dishes and doesn't have MSG. Not sure about their cooking style but the food was 
"ok". It should probably be a 2 rating but others in our party said dessert was really good, so i'll re-review if and when I come here again. (Would like to try their milk tea though.) 

Also the tea that they give you seems pretty good quality except the shot glass like cups made drinking the tea a lot of work. I would definitely try more tea related things at this place the next time I come since it seems like one of their specialties. 

P.S. As another reviewer mentioned we also did hear the microwave used quite often.
