hDL3Q-GNQlOuE04_zWEMJA I don't know why we somehow always end up at a Chinese buffet at least twice a month.  Maybe because it's cheap?  Maybe because there's a lot of selection?  Maybe because I like to risk a bad tummy ache?  It's probably a combination of all these things.

We usually end up visitin Krazy buffet because of the coupons...yep!  I've been able to find them almost weekly in some of our local neigborhood papers.  Not only there but you can sometimes find a coupon in the online version of the Las Vegas Review Journal, they have a coupon area on the website.  The coupon we use is good for 10% off lunch or 15% off dinner.  Or is it 15% off lunch and 10% off dinner?  I can't recall right now.  Either way, with lunch being only $6.99 and dinner being $10.99 (all you can eat seafood none the less) it's not a bad deal if you're pinching pennies or want a change from Panda Express.  That coupon helps, especially in our broke-A$$ economy.

The selection is not bad, but for myself I prefer lunch items over their dinner items.  I say this because darn near all their lunch items are served at dinner, with the exception of the addition of crab legs, sometimes a steak option...and sometimes fresh oysters.  One night there might be oysters but the next night there might not be.  I know, it's a bit of a throw off so check the buffet line at dinner if you really want oysters!  I prefer lunch because I don't eat that much crab legs, and I'm not all that hot on oysters so for me the savings of $4 is worth it.

The selection of food is pretty good at Krazy Buffet (there's more choices though at Buffet @ Asia) and they keep things pretty fresh.  Their operation is also clean, which is a big plus for me.  If you read my Buffet @ Asia review you would know that they have some sanitation issues (but why that doesn't stop me from eating there I don't know..I'm guessing it's their awesome garlic fried wings).  

Anyway, they have a lot of your typical dishes you would find at a Chinese buffet.  They have the requisite orange chicken, beef and broccoli, and fried rice and chow mein.  They also have things like sauteed mushrooms, steamed tilapia, teriyaki chicken, coconut shrimp, stir-fry veggies, and pork chops.  There's a sushi station but I kinda stay away from it because nearly everything is California roll-ish and not particularly great.  They have a decent salad station with fresh lettuce, fresh veggies, and a large bowl of shrimp for shrimp cocktail.  The soup station is limited, mostly your Chinese staples such as egg drop, won ton, and hot and sour soup.  They do have miso soup sometimes which of course is Japanese.  Krazy Buffet does have an array of fried foods (yah of course) that has fried chicken wings, egg rolls, chicken skewers, sweet and sour shrimp, sweet and sour pork, and even some Chinese doughnuts.  Most Chinese buffets have pretty basic dessert areas, and Krazy Buffet is no different.  They have pre bought almond cookies, fortune cookies, chocolate cake, carrot cake, and some smaller dessert stuff.  But they do have fresh fruit like strawberries, cantaloupe, honeydew, and canned lychee.  Of course there is a soft serve ice cream machine with vanilla or chocolate.  

Overall, not a bad deal for under $9 for lunch, tax and tip.  Especially if you got that coupon.  It's not a revelation in culinary arts, but the food will keep you full for 2 hours or so...like most Chinese food does for some odd reason.  Clean and efficient, not all Chinese buffets can achieve that.  I just wish their fried chicken wings were as scrumptious as the ones from Buffet @ Asia on Rainbow!
