hDL3Q-GNQlOuE04_zWEMJA If you are craving Chinese take-outs, but don't want to limit yourself to just the usual 2 or 3 items, then head over to Krazy Buffet down by Sahara and Cimarron.  This Asian buffet serves up decent Chinese foods that are typically sold at Chinese take-out outposts throughout the Las Vegas valley.  Plus they have a salad bar, small sushi rolls station, desserts, and in the evening also dish out crab legs, oysters (maybe oysters are served all day. Never been here during lunch).  And the price is fair for the food they serve (10% off discount ads can often be found in local publications).

I live fairly close to Krazy Buffet, and the parking lot area in its immediate vicinity is always packed with cars during meal time.  On most of my visits, including this past Easter, the restaurant was filled with a lot of patrons.  But service was still good (drink refills and clearing the used plates are taken care of staff that patrol their assigned sections).

I am not much of a crab legs person at these buffets (just don't feel like getting my hands dirty), but at nights that is the thing everyone else goes for.  But the kitchen is pretty good about making more to refill the near-empty trays with leggy reinforcements.  Raw (Olympia) oysters are also served (not sure if this is available during lunch), which are also very popular.

The sushi is okay. Definitely can't compare them to the ones you order at Japanese restaurants.  But you are also not being charged $25 for their AYCE sushi option. The seaweed salad is great, and is just like the one served at all the other Japanese restaurants.  

The steamed fish with soy and scallions is my favorite item in the hot Chinese food section.  Get some steamed rice or fried rice, get a few pieces of steamed fish and spoon on some sauce and you are good to go.  Sauteed Long Beans, Honey Walnut Prawns, Chinese and Mushrooms, and Fried Sesame Balls are my usual favorites at Krazy Buffet.  If you are new to this eatery, try those.

Other highlights:  crawfish, fried chicken wings, coconut fried shrimps, mini-meatball skewers, Korean BBQ ribs (hit and miss), .

If you planned ahead and saved some room for desserts at the end, you can make your own pie a la mode, or go crazy with the Krazy orange slices, canned fruits, jello, or have some fried plantains.

Krazy Buffet is perfect for all of these occasions, conditions and more:
1)  You have a large party and a limited budget.
2)  General Chinese/Asian food craving.
3)  You are hungry and generally indecisive, but still gotta eat.
4)  Have family units to feed, but no time to cook or you can't cook or you burnt the Stouffers Lasagna (or forgot to turn on the oven).
5)  You are Krazy for buffets.
6)  You want to carb up Asian style before the next 10K.
7)  You are seeking restaurants with plenty of veggie options.

8)  Your Chinese heritage compels you to come up with lucky 8 number of reasons to convince others to check out Krazy Buffet.

Food:  4/5  Great selections. Generally pretty good.

Price/Value:  4.5/5  For AYCE crab legs, the price of admission is very reasonable.

Service:  3.5/5  Drinks are refilled automatically and dirty plates cleared by house elves.  But just like the famous Dobby, a little demonstration of monetary appreciation for services rendered is appreciated.

Parking:  3.5/5  You should park further to walk off those extra calories, but there will be plenty of parking spaces before you get to burn off a single calories.

Rounding up to 4 stars!
