He_4k_w_8bjWnoepahS2zw Petit Potato is one of many such large Asian hangout diner cafes that dot the suburban landscape of Toronto. Being one of the newest of the scene, it's quite clear they got "Instagrammability" in mind when they conceived of this place, with such details like utensils shaped like shovels and pitchforks (you can buy that online, eh?), more of that hipster Edison lightbulbs hanging all around, or their own hashtag plastered in balloon letters that magically stay inflated all this time, ensuring the place is full of things to photograph. While their many cooked food options like tofu salad (which I'd recommend out of the apps menu) are decent, and their level of service on and off, I am sure many are enticed to coming here for their signature "Special French Honey Golden Toast" desserts, for which the bulk of this review is focused on.

I did mention "Instagrammability," yes? Who knows how many people got seduced into trying the $13-15 brick toast dessert after seeing pics of it, and then underestimated the scale of it. Very. Big. BlogTO calls it "epic"; I call it absurdly overdone. They proudly advertise this being almost a foot tall worth of stacked thick toast, coated with cake icing and topped with vanilla ice cream. So fucking excessively overkill, one of the concoctions we ordered (yes, we had more than one--imagine the look on the face of one of the servers who took notice) actually toppled shortly after it was brought to us. I'd command those who are able to singlehandedly finish one of these on their own; it ought to have its own eating contest.

Insofar as foodie porn goes, only some of the brick toast desserts look aesthetically pleasing, like the Oreo version that looks like it came out of a Katy Perry music video. The mango version however looks like a slop of puke and, quite frankly, didn't taste that well--the flavours just don't work well together. Then there are some like the red bean matcha, while well advertised even on the window, are actually labelled as "coming soon" on the dine-in menu. So, what the heck?

As fun as it was, I wouldn't tackle the brick toast mess again. Nothing petit about it. It is an overrated and absurd fat and carb bomb collision where some of the stale and hard-to-cut-through-with-a-dull-butter-knife bread have been hollowed out and the bits stacked elsewhere in the concoction. The novelty of it is pretty much what makes Petit Potato a one-shot destination for deathtrap foodie social media fodder. Does the specialty dessert in question need to so excessive? I don't think so.

{TTC: 51 or 39 to Finch at Leslie; the stairs at the NE corner leads to the plaza housing Petit Potato. Parking here is a nightmare.}
