1FL3oE2mqq_EFAYPd1TWUg I am guessing this place is new because I'd never noticed it before. My friend and I were supposed to meet up for a coffee but he was hungry so we checked it out. I had actually just come from eating but my friend hates eating alone and dumplings are snacky so I ordered a plate of pork & chive (15 pieces, $6.95). I thought they would be steamed but I guess they are boiled, as per Steph L.'s review. I hadn't planned to eat them all but I did. It's not that they were so spectacular, but they were very light, all 15 of them!! I was pretty full but I couldn't stop eating! It didn't help matters that my friend, who had just come from the gym, ordered another plate of 15 assorted dumplings ($7.95; mushroom and spinach, lamb, and some other pork option), bok choi, and garlic cucumbers ($4.95)!! I think the dumpling skins may have been homemade?

I think they boil pretty much everything here, unless you order something fried. The bok choi was a bit too soggy for me and they didn't really put anything on it, although there was a small blob of starchy sauce underneath on one side but it wasn't enough to give the whole plate much flavour. I had never heard of this garlic cucumber but it reminded me a bit of this cucumber thing my mom does, Korean styles. This dish was a heaping pile of cucumber chunks bathed in vinegar, sugar, sesame oil and something else with coarsely chopped cilantro which made for a refreshing change from the meat in the dumplings. I liked it. 

I don't know if their style of dumpling is of some particular region of China, but it definitely didn't have any HK edge to it and I haven't really had dumplings like these elsewhere. They also have things like fried rice and other rice/noodle dishes, etc. The place had a pretty decent flow of traffic coming and going during the hour or so that we were there, mostly visa students? both dine-in and take-out. There appeared to be a lot of regulars for such a new place. The service was OK, but it was kind of annoying how one would have to ask for common things (cutlery, napkins, plates, a straw) and they'd bring each item one at a time so getting started took a bit of time. I don't expect five-star service at a place like this but maybe a little common sense. If in the area and in need of a dumpling fix, I'll be stopping in again.
