HGuHk935tyokX6kveEviJw Went for dim sum today (a Sunday).  Not bad!  They don't have the "buy X get your next free" pricing that C-Fu has, but their prices are lower.  All of the employees were friendly and professional, and my water glass was always full.  The front staff (hostess/servers/cashiers) were all excellent.

Pork Dumpling (Shumai): I liked not having mushrooms in them, but they didn't seem to have the yummy whole shrimp C-Fu's has.  Still, solid.

BBQ Pork Bun (Cha Siu Bao): Served cold, sadly.  Decent, but not great.  I've tasted many better ones.

Sugar Cane Shrimp: Delicious!  Somewhat oily, but plump and juicy.  I was so happy they had these today, and at a price better than C-Fu!

Rice Cake: I think the server referred to it as "white cake", but it's the plain, sweetened triangular cut one.  Smallish serving, but with a good texture and sweetness level.

Custard Tart (Egg Tart): This unexpectedly stole the show!  The pastry was supremely flakey and buttery, and the custard was sweet but not too heavy.  I usually prefer my custard tarts chilled, but this was really good.  We were almost tempted to order some to take with us, but resisted!  (Bought daifuku mochi from the market instead.)

I had a taste of a warm tofu in ginger syrup concoction which wasn't bad but just wasn't my thing (lunch companion loved it).

Parking can be a nightmare, with many inconsiderate (or just unskilled?) drivers.  There was a small wait, but they went through the numbers quickly as we were before the big rush (number 9...they were in the late 50s or 60s when we left I think).  They could really use those buzzers than restaurants like Cheesecake Factory and The Habit use to notify you when your table is ready.

The ambience is okay, but a little off.  Chandeliers, decent chairs, and a fancy stage (blocking the windows), but it still looks like a food court.  I'm just used to the opulence of C-Fu, so this came off as a little "cafeteria" to me.

For some reason I really loved their water glasses.  They're tall, slender, cylindrical, and very classy.

Overall this restaurant offered good food, good price, and is a nice dim sum option!  The parking lot was very busy, so I wouldn't really worry about the location being in a less upscale part of town (by Tricity/Riverview/the old Levitz).
