HGuHk935tyokX6kveEviJw I've been to a few other places for dim sum, so my opinion is somewhat biased.  For the record, I'm also your standard adventure-seeking gringo, inspired by Andrew Zimmern.

So, the wife and I decided to check out Mekong for their dim sum brunch.  Now, the prices are extremely fair.  There are 4 pricing categories for their dim sum, A, B, C, and D.  All choices A through C are priced at $2.18, while D is priced at $4.95.  Sodas are sold by the can, so we chose to have one can each of cola and we shared a pot of tea.

We're not picky, but we chose not to indulge on the lovely assortments of "bun"-type dishes that were presented to us.  Instead, we focused our attention and appetite on the pork, chicken, and seafood offerings.  And boy, we were not disappointed with the food!  Some of our treats included shrimp shumai, chicken and shrimp crispy spring rolls, pork spare ribs with black bean sauce (basically just a serving of pork fat with some bone in it, but incredibly tasty), taro cakes, sharkfin dumplings, and several others.

The servers were attentive, wheeling their cars around to every occupied table in the establishment.  Well, all the servers except for one.  I couldn't help but notice that one server seemed to avoid our table.  At first, I thought it was my imagination.  But then my wife noticed.  In fact, I watched her as she pushed her cart past us while making an effort to look in the opposite direction!  Of course, her cart had the items we were most interested in, so we were quite disappointed by her.  Were it not for that one server, we'd be giving our experience here 5 stars.

I purposely struck up a conversation with one of the other servers, a very pleasant young man, who was managing a cart that had the words "beef organs" on the side.  I asked him what he was offering, and when he described it to me, I could not conceal my interest.  He joked with us that he didn't think we'd be interested in his dish.  Well, he was half right....my wife didn't want anything to do with it!  That plate was very interesting.  It consisted of various organ meats, including tripe and liver that I could identify, and several others I could not.  All of the meats were very soft and tender, which is unusual for organ meats.  My wife even tried some (what a trooper).  We should all be glad I'm the one writing this review :)

Another of the dishes we tried was a flat noodle with shrimp.  Slippery devils, these were!  I was having such a hard time picking these up with chopsticks that one of the other wait staff was attentive enough to offer us forks.  He did it so politely that we joked with him to feign our offense, but we were actually quite thankful. The place settings do not include forks (an indication of their cultural authenticity, perhaps?)

Oh, be thankful that there is a menu with pictures of each offering.  Most of the servers do not speak fluent English.  But when you ask them what they are serving, they can point to the picture and you can read it yourself!

Overall, a fun experience.  Plenty of food, at bargain prices.  And before you leave, be sure to take a stroll through Mekong Plaza (the grocery store next door) and take in all the exotic tasties they have to offer.  It's not Lee Lee Market in its size or variety, but then it's also not as overwhelming.
