HPLB1Tr8ZB5UkD-2umKPdA Hmmm... We've been here twice, and if I had posted a review after the first time, it would have been 4 stars.

  We tried the short rib grilled cheese (good), the pot stickers (very good), the Fat Choy burger, & the PBBLT. Now, I consider myself a professional porker from the old school, but in order to be considered a contemporary "foodie", one has to venture out into the brave new world of exotica featured on the Food Network, and since "pork belly" and "bacon" are considered practically synonymous, I was actually anxious to give it a try. I am no longer anxious. It's not that it tastes bad, it's just that it's a little pork with a lot of creepy, greasy, mostly raw fat. How is it that the fat layers on bacon fry up crispy, chewy, and delightful, and this just seems like the stuff that would make you refuse to eat until your mother trimmed it off your meat for you? Yuck. Don't know what the fuss is about, but I'm not blaming it on Fat Choy. I assume this is the way it's supposed to be, and it's just not for me, along with blue-veined cheeses and anything with the word "tartare" in the title

. Anyway, what we did have was hot and fresh, and the service was fine- one obviously experienced waitress named Tammi who was working like crazy and appeared to be training a younger one who seemed a little lost. All fine.

 However, we returned this week and had brunch. Dropping a star because the hollandaise on the Eggs benedict was salty, runny, and I expect pre-packaged, and the eggs were overdone. The potatoes on, the other hand, were golden, crispy, and delicious. Most everyone else's food was fine, but one poor Sad Sack ordered waffles, and they were so limp and pale you would believe they were cooked by an Englishman. They boil everything! However, it should be noted that the waffles we saw being served a little later to neighboring diners looked brown and toasty. So go ahead and order them, but first ask yourself if you feel lucky today

. Added to this was the fact that they weren't that busy, Tammi was still plugging away, and the no-longer-new girl was still lost. While as a fan of The Walking Dead it was kind of fun watching her wandering around, bumping into walls with a vacant stare and a thin trickle of drool running down her chin, it was pretty much impossible to get a refill from her. Must have been hired for her looks. On the other hand, maybe not.
