HPLB1Tr8ZB5UkD-2umKPdA I was surprised to discover this place is located in a casino.  But I don't live in Vegas.  My sis, who does live there, is a fan of their baos (I find always find it funny to hear white people say "bao"), and since Fat Choy was listed as one of the 38 must-go restaurants in Vegas by some website, she took me there on my recent visit.

We had the duck bao, pork belly bao, and short rib rice.  Both baos were delicious. However, I'm from the Bay Area where we have constant access to Chinatown so bao is not a unique thing.  You can't really ever go wrong with roast duck, so while the duck bao was great, it was no better than any other duck bao I've had throughout my life.  A generous piece of delicious boneless duck in a steamed chinese bun with a bit of greens, drizzled with hoisin sauce.  Yummy but for $7 for 2 pcs, the price was kinda ouch.  I can get half a roasted duck at a chinese bbq restaurant for less than that.  Still, for the non-Asians in Vegas, I can understand the hype if you've never had something like this.  And I do definitely recommend trying it if you never have.

I was more impressed with pork belly, but that's only because that's rarer where I come from.  It was done so well.  Exactly what pork belly should be and far superior to the pork belly dishes I've had at higher-end trendy Asian fusion restaurants.  

The short rib rice was great as well.  I wouldn't call it generous but it was enough.  The short ribs were incredibly tender and seasoned wonderfully.  I was afraid it would taste like nothing more than pot roast (which we make at home all the time in the crock pot and which similar beef entrees at a lot of restaurants end up tasting like even though they call it fancier names).  But the ribs surpassed my expectations.  Came over white rice with a side of salad (with the fancy greens--not the cheap lettuce) and some chopped pickled mustard.  That pickled mustard added a lot to the dish for both my sister and me.  If you're not familiar with it, I'm not sure that you'd really appreciate it though.  

I honestly don't know that I would go back myself because, as I said, I have access to similar types of food here in the Bay Area and at much cheaper prices.  But I might if I lived in Vegas.  One downside is that since it's in a casino, you can smell the cigarette smoke if you're sitting close to the entrance, and it can be pretty bad.  I am so glad California is more prissy about smoking.

The service was really friendly.  Both servers were sweet.  Another yelper said there is a mandatory 15% tip, but I don't think that's true.  When you pay on their tablet credit card swiper, there is a button you can press to add 15%, 20%, or 25% tip, but you don't HAVE to press any of them.  

They also had a nice selection of dessert, including root beer floats!  I bought a red velvet cake home for my white boyfriend.  I didn't try it but he liked it. He said it wasn't as sweet as other velvet cakes he's had.
