HPLB1Tr8ZB5UkD-2umKPdA I'm not too sure why this place has a 4 star rating and some great WOM recommendations.  

The decor of this place is like a diner.  If I blind folded you, sat you down at the table, and removed the blindfold, you'd be ready to order an omelet with an extra side of bacon and sausage.  

Fat Choy describes itself as Asian-American fare; it has very traditional Asian foods on the menu and then it throws in very traditional American fare such as burgers and chicken wings.  I really don't get this "synergy" if any, but whatever, it's not a plus or a minus really.  Maybe you want to get some bao and you can convince your friend to come for the burgers and wings.

We ordered the pork belly bao, the shortrib rice, chicken teriyaki rice, and 2 orders of Grandma's Potstickers.

Pork Belly Bao:

The wrap itself was good, the flavor of the pork belly was great, but the pork belly was dry as it was a bit overcooked.  Overall it was decent, but not great.

Shortrib rice, and chicken teriyaki rice:

I lumped these together because they both had similarities, although the styles are supposed to be totally different.  The similarity here is that they both came with a salad with balsamic vinegar WITHIN the dish.  Wtf, this does NOT go with the flavors of either dish at all, and a salad wasn't mentioned on the menu for either dish.  If I had known it came like that, I would have ask for it on the side.  No veggies were mentioned for the shortrib rice, and market vegetables were mentioned for the chicken teriyaki rice.  The shortrib itself was actually really good, but the rest of the dish was mediocre.

Grandma's Potstickers:

Nice pan fried crust.  Definitely a fan of that.  But the filling?  Yo, if my grandma came out with this I'd tell her to get back in the kitchen and work on the damn recipe because yo, where's the flavor?  Kidding, my grandma would slap the dumpling outta my mouth and make me wash the dishes afterwards.  But seriously though, very disappointed in the filling as this dish was hyped up and it was only OKAY.

All in all, this place gets three stars because the dishes are just okay, and the prices are commensurate with what you get in my opinion.  Would I come back by myself?  Nah.  But if a friend wanted to try it out anyways after I tell them how mediocre it is, meh, sure why not, might as well try out the American side of the menu.
