hPTx2Y5e4Czbr21XcbDN8g A solid 4. The hardest part is the first five minutes. After that, you become one with the pungent scent of stinky tofu and don't notice it at all (except when someone opens the door, which allows the air to circulate). We (crew of three) arrived here for lunch shortly after 12:30 and were seated immediately. A quick browse through menu and we were presented with our food. For me, this was a small bowl of Homemade Beef & Beef Tendon Noodle Soup (which looked more or less exactly like it did in the picture), and a plate of deep fried stinky tofu to share (because... why else would we come here?).

I am a big fan of the noodles, which were chewy and had just the right amount of bite. The chewiness was also consistent throughout the entire bowl. The amount of brisket that I got was pretty good - probably three or four pieces, each about 1 cm thick. The brisket was tender and easy to separate, but the real winner for me was the beef tendon. The tendon was masterfully cooked, with the outside being soft and gooey, and just ever so slightly firmer towards the middle of the tendon. There was no "bite", or hardness in the middle of the tendon - which would have indicated underdoneness. The flavour of the broth was quite mellow, with sweet undertones, mixed with a savouriness (savouriness, not saltiness). I would guess that some of the flavours are imparted from star anise, but I really can not fathom what else went into it (initially, the first taste reminded me of cinnamon). Either way, definitely recommend this bowl of noodles.

The stinky tofu is something that you should try at least once. I mean, why not? You're probably going to smell like it all day anyway. We received a large plate of tofu, piping hot out of the fryer, with a generous amount of sauce drizzled on top. The tofu had a very faint grey / green shade to it (think Asian blue cheese) and tastes slightly like it smells. The taste is undoubtedly acquired, but I wouldn't describe it negatively. The first time that I had it here, I would have said that it had the flavour of sour wine, but this time, it is unquestionably clear that this could only be described as stinky tofu. That said, I couldn't stop myself from having more as the crispy tofu, with some chili sauce must have made something in my head say "hey, this is pretty good".

So, would I come back? Yes. Cheap, tasty food (especially the tendon). Pro tip: Not recommended for a first date (unless it's going poorly to begin with).
