1lReBAd4iLe0rBLKiurw7Q went there on a weeknight around 10pm, thinking that they don't close till 1am (according to their listing on ccue.com), only to find out later that they were indeed closing at 10:30pm or so. was apologetic to the waiter upon finding out the updated closing time; he was pleasant and told us not to worry about it. the chefs and other wait staff were leaving one by one, but kudos to he who stayed and remained in good grace.

this is a new(er) place so they have a clean and modern design, which is pleasing to the eye. cost is about average; not very cheap but not outrageously expensive, either. food-wise, we ordered 3 things of appetizers, a noodle, and a dessert, details as follow--

appetizers:
1. "xiao long bao" (soup dumplings with crabmeat)--wasn't  tasting particularly "crabby", but the skin is soft and thin, and the soup and meat are flavorful. 

2. "sheng jian bao" (pan-fried meat buns from raw)--was rather disappointing. the bottom crust (spotlight of the dish) wasn't crunchy enough, and the meat and bun were not memorable otherwise. blah.

3. "hong you chao shou" (wonton in red/chilly sauce)--i liked it that it wasn't super spicy like some place would make it to be (or it was supposed to be quite spicy). their sauce has a certain amount of sweetness in it, paired with the chopped peanuts, it was an ok combo. wontons were cooked to satisfaction; the skin (wrapper) was soft and paper-thin. not super fantastic, but still good.

entree: 
"shanghainese noodle"--it was, again, nothing spectacular, but on par and as expected. 

dessert:
was deciding between the "gao li dou sha" (baked egg white w/red bean paste) and the "ba si xiang jiao" (deep fried banana dipped in honey/syrup); the latter which i chose didn't disappoint. though it seemed the banana could be fried just a tad longer (after the ice bath they were getting closer to warm than hot inside), and my bf stopped eating the crust after two pieces coz it might have been too sweet for him. but i liked it.  i liked the crust that's sweet and crunchy, contrasted with the warm mushy banana inside. having the waiter scoop the sticky pieces out of the dish and dump them into an ice bath is a spectacle in itself. highly recommend this dish for first-timers.

in all, food is about average, but fact that they took us minutes before closing without giving us attitude or rushing us out deserves an extra star in itself.  i love shanghainese food, and since i haven't tried out many of the other dishes (ex. soy bean milk and "ci fan"--sticky rice roll) here, i would definitely go back unless i'm greeted with a huge line.

i heard they can get quite busy during meal times so it's recommended to make reservations if you're planning to dine at peak hours. also, they are located at the new section behind the main plaza, so you can actually enter via Rodick Rd or through Yorktech Rd to avoid plaza traffic. another thing, they only take cash or debit; no credit card.
:)
