hx-oJMNnweYqE5ybU8aiSg Was out and about, looking for a quick bite when I saw that the once-defunct Lee's Buffet was now open as Vegas Buffet.  Price was very reasonable at $7.99 for lunch, so I took chance.  When all was said and done, I think I finally found the worst dining experience in Las Vegas.

Service is not really non-existent, it is clueless.  The owner-manager, a middle-aged woman, was hardly at the front counter, so a wait is involved even when you are the only one in line.   You then have the pleasure of hearing her berating staff anywhere in the restaurant, in loud Chinese.  Even one of the cooks who is clearly Hispanic came in for a withering chastisement from her holiness.  I first went to the men's room, to wash up, only to discover no paper towels.  I mentioned this to THREE employees, including the manager-yeller and by the time I departed... still no towels.  In fact, when I informed her highness of this lack of drying supplies, her reply was, "Oh, that's ok."  Clearly a Rhodes Scholar.  In fact, throughout my meal, she was glued to the floor, literally standing next to me, loudly castigating someone.  When I finally turned to her and asked, sarcastically, "I'm not bothering you, am I?"  She replied, "No."  A waiter got the message and motioned for her to move.  She was back within 5 minutes.

While the service is abysmal, the food is atrocious.  Cold.  Watery.  Mislabeled, if labeled at all.  When the best dish on a multi-offering buffet are fried desert noodles, something is terribly wrong.  I started with the sushi, which was surprisingly a notch above mediocre.  The tempura item, whatever it was, as there was no label, was another pleasant surprise.  Considering its location just across the street from the vaunted Yama Sushi, whose lunch buffet, with tax, is a shade above $22, one could conceivably make a decent meal here from the cold-rice offerings.  There is a Mongolian barbecue station adjacent to the sushi, but no one ever came to the counter to take an order.  

From the hot buffet:  Astringent "stuffed" crabs, the size of  a Ritz cracker, which, coincidentally, may be its main ingredient.  Mongolian Beef was spongy and chewy to the extreme.  Fried items were hit and much miss.  Mini Spring Rolls were less than lukewarm and flavorless, while the cream cheese-filled wontons were passable, but just barely.  Skewers of over-done, roasted chicken breast were surprisingly flavorful, if tough and dryer than a good Champagne.  Shrimp in many guises were competent but not memorable.  The ghastly, artificially-yellow egg drop soup was salt-free, though not labeled as such.  And the pork chop was that in name alone, as there was no discernible flavor in any bite.

The deserts are as wanting as anything else, save for the crispy noodles baked in some type of honey/sweet sauce and covered with sesame.  The 'ice cream' - and I am being generous here in my phraseology -  was less creamy than a hard avocado.  The filled cake roll, whose middle was unidentifiable was stale, and the banana pudding should have been left in the box in which the mix came.

Came time to check out, the loud manager never once asked how things were, nor did she offer a thank you.  I thanked her plenty by informing a carload of visiting out-of-staters who were deciding where to eat to brave the line at Yama, or, better yet, hit McDonalds.  At least you know what your getting, in advance.

Vegas Buffet's website is another indicator of their less than stellar service philosophy, as no link works and the prices listed are different than those in-store.  While I will agree with their touting their prices as "one third" of those on the Strip, I would take umbrage at their usage of the word "Enjoy."
