I_a74zmgR-X03LsKISWPcg 5/29/13

Winding down from the CMYE at Del Frisco's, someone brought up an impromptu UYE at Snoh Ice Shavery, and since I've never been and had been craving for shave ice, such as that I experienced in Honolulu, I needed no other prompting to go.  Snoh is located in the same plaza as Cherry Blossom Noodle Cafe (another bookmark I've had since moving into the valley many, many years ago- now I know where it's located, I'm going to have to stop in for a try!)  Parking looks very decent for the number of businesses around here- a big plus!

The line can get long very fast, but the two guys behind the counter take the orders very quickly (or as quickly as they can when newbies, such as myself, come in for the first time and are faced with so many choices!).  I decided to take the easy way out and try a couple of shaved ice flavors and a few toppings, so I went with the "large plate" for $6.75.  I spent my first decade, born and raised, in Manila, so I am very familiar with taro (we Tagalogs know it as "ube") ice cream, so I had to try Snoh's icy version, and added Green tea to the mix.  My toppings were cubed mango, red mung beans, and black sesame condensed milk.  It took about 8 to 10 minutes, but we had a large group present, and our lively conversations made the wait very easy.  This is what waited for me at the counter when my name was called... http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/snoh-ice-shavery-phoenix?userid=M9rRM6Eo5YbKLKMG5QiIPA#jyv16LcyCFb3Cz-Q3CkDxg  I have to say that while it didn't look very appetizing (mango cubes didn't present well, and neither did the black sesame drizzle-- why not just pour the milk, let it cascade down the icy landscapes, and just sprinkle roasted black sesame seeds on top?), I loved the taro, red mung bean, and black sesame condensed milk combo.  I thought the condensed milk overpowered the green tea ice, and I wouldn't order that match again.  However, I wouldn't mind having ust green tea ice.  It tasted very fresh and clean-- a great palate cleanser after a great meal.

Cool artwork and backsplashes.  Nice concept of posting photos of guests on the TV display, but does the staff check for total complacency of all those present in the pics, I wonder?  I can see privacy breaches becoming an issue... 

Will be taking family over for a few treats here in the future, I'm sure!
