I_a74zmgR-X03LsKISWPcg I heard John Snoh (for you Game of Thrones fans) was in town, at this place, so I came to see him, but oh boy, did I get it wrong!

Location & Aesthetics - located in on E Camelback Road with no trouble spotting the business with their large outdoor sign.
Parking was iffy as I found their parking lot to be on the small side as the parking is shared with other businesses within the same compound (-0.5).
Interior decor was interesting as it was decorated with anime, Star Wars, and a mishmash of other posters/pictures.  They even had a flat screen TV that was playing anime. 
I suddenly asked myself, "Was I too old to be in this place?"  I felt as if I wandered back to my teenage years when I collected and traded Pokemon cards.  Patrons were even playing board games on the tables which I've never seen being allowed before at a business....interesting concept.  After all, the place does look hip (does anyone say that anymore....now I'm starting to feel old....I digress!)
Seating is limited inside and outside as the place is small in my opinion.  As you enter, there's seating on the left and right - large tables with chairs and smaller tables with chairs, and one small bench outside that could probably seat 2-3 (-0.5).  When we arrived, practically all the tables were occupied, even the larger tables with chairs had only 2 patrons.
Thankfully we snagged a table, while waiting for our orders, as some folks were leaving.

Menus - posted on a board above the cashier, and it was overwhelming so I suggest you take a good gander before ordering.  I say this because when it came time to place my order, I got it wrong.      

Service - Staff was very warm and welcoming.  They answered our questions about the menu, and even that little faux pas I made with my order, was corrected nicely and friendly by them.

Food - For me, I had the build your own snoh - medium with two toppings (this is where I got it wrong as I thought it was 2 flavors but it's 2 toppings) + plus glaze.  I had the strawberry + 2 toppings of strawberries and custard pudding + glaze of condensed milk drizzled on top.
The strawberries was fresh and sweet (no tartness); the custard pudding didn't look runny but held up on its own; the condensed milk was fresh as well and insanely sweet (it's supposed to be so no complaints there) but what I liked was that is was drizzled on top of the whole creation, not poured.  I have been used to it being doused on top until it's running over the cup which I think is overkill.
The snoh I left for last to comment on.  When I came here for shaved ice, I was expecting  chipped crunchy ice as I am used to and not a a fluffy snow type of shaved ice.  When I had shaved ice in the Islands, it was the former - chipped crunchy ice, drizzled with guava syrup and then drizzled with the optional condensed milk and that was it.  For me, it was interesting to try this and my first impression is that I love it.  I like the fact that it isn't super sweet, like frozen yogurt, but it's lighter and fluffier, almost like cotton candy...I guess I could go on and on with the similes as I write this.  I've never had anything like this before and I definitely do like it.

I like the menu items and the insane permutations and combinations that one can utilize to create one of these things.  They also have combo cups and even creations on large dinner sized plates where, let's say, a family can dug into from the center of the table, and I think on my next return I'd certainly like to try one of those.

Most definitely do recommend and will return!
