I2lDmQHDxnUKbEBJuJCW6w This was my absolute FAVORITE neighborhood hole-in-the-wall when I lived in Cleveland. It's unassuming and almost unnoticeable -- it's in a strip mall, for goodness' sake! -- except for the large red and yellow sign above the door. 

Mike, the buff owner, always comes by to talk and make you feel welcome. He's a pro at suggesting what to eat, and often it's not even on the menu. There's the typical Americanized Chinese menu with the staples (sweet and sour chicken, general tso's chicken, beef and broccoli, etc.), then there's the Chinese menu. It looks more extensive and is entirely in Chinese, so I have no clue what it actually says. Even so, I repeatedly received that menu (while my compatriots received regular menus) whenever I dined in, and I'd actually feel embarrassed to tell them that I'm not Chinese, nor can I read it, so I'd need a different menu. But I'd redeem my cool points because I'd ask for the picture menu. That's right: there's also a picture menu you can request that features delectable pictures of dishes not on the regular menu. I recommend asking for this when you eat there. Not only does it make you look seasoned, but looking at it will make your mouth water. 

Another trick a lot of the regulars use is the old standby of looking at a neighboring table's dishes, then pointing and telling Mike or your server that you want what they're eating. I discovered the fish in black bean sauce this way, and it became a regular request ever after. 

The place is always packed, and it's always packed with Asian people, so you know it's authentic. The waitstaff is fantastic, and they all remember you if you dine there a few times. Water glasses never seem to dip below full, as they're constantly topping you off. Constantly. 

Pretty much anything off the picture menu is fabulous. I'm a bit so-so on the American menu, but I generally don't care much for the diluted food, if you know what I mean. Order the ho fun shrimp -- and order it spicy -- if you're looking for savory goodness. (It's not on the menu, but again, they customize just for you.) They don't scrimp on the shrimp, as I consistently got more than a dozen very large suckers every time I ordered it. By far, this was my favorite dish.

There are few things I miss about Cleveland, but this is damn sure one of them!
