1MrJJ9tyNyfFrxaNZ67xFg I love Silk Road!  It's not far from where I live so I'm here to dine in or pick up takeout to satiate my constant sushi craving about once a month.  My SO and I strolled in last night around 9:10pm (they close at 10) and were the only people in the restaurant. Part of me felt bad because they probably thought they were going to have an early night, but they rolled out the red carpet for us.  The service was just as excellent as it always is, our sushi arrived quickly, and they even turned the music back on for us so we weren't sitting in silence.  

Having worked in the restaurant industry, I remember how frustrating those straggler customers can be, but the staff here treated us as they would any other customer.  The one gentleman, I believe the sushi chef, checked on us multiple times.  We made sure to give high praises for our sushi selections, as they were all excellent in flavor and preparation.  I started off with the tuna avocado salad, which is always a treat.  Iceberg lettuce topped with thinly sliced avocado, raw tuna, and spicy mayo.  I could eat this every day!!  

For our sushi selections, we decided on the the Ginger roll, Naruto roll, and tuna avocado roll.  My favorite was the Ginger roll, which caught my eye on the menu and I decided to give it a shot. I'm extremely glad that I did because it might be my new favorite roll of all the sushi places I frequent!  They use the perfect amount of rice in their rolls here, though one of the rolls we selected (Naruto roll) has no rice at all!  It's a thinly sliced cucumber rolled with tuna, salmon, and yellowtail. All three of our rolls were fresh, light, and just filling enough. 

Even though my experiences here have always been top notch, I've seen some less than stellar reviews for Silk Road and I'd encourage people to give this place another go or look past the dated reviews and experience it for themselves.  My boyfriend has been coming here for years and has remarked lately how much it has changed for the better, from the staff to the menu.

I always look forward to visiting this establishment and plan to check out their hibachi offerings during one of my next visits!
