IBNWrN1k9E0E_bMcRD-GwA This is my second visit to this newly opened Taiwanese restaurant and I'm pretty satisfied by most dishes that I've tried. On their store sign, it says "<U+5C0F><U+80D6><U+5DDD><U+83DC>" which means "Little Fattie's Szechuan" However, if you look at the menu, you would know this is not a Szechuan restaurant rather than a Taiwanese restaurant. 

Food

1. Fish Fillet in Bean Paste: This was one of my favorite dish from this place although I'm confused by the name of this dish. I did not taste any bean flavor in there. To me, it taste more like garlic sauce. Fish (white fish) is deep fried and soaked in this yummy sauce of theirs. 

2. Spicy Fire Pot with Pork Intestine: This dish comes with intestine and tofu.I like this dish very much as well. Only thing lacking in this dish is the pig blood cake/duck blood cake. Other than that, it has an pretty authentic taste. 

3. Chicken in Garlic Sauce: It comes with chicken, woodears, and a special type of potato that I don't know what it is called. Chicken was tender and the sauce was flavorful. 

4. Squid in three cup sauce: This dish was just okay to me because I like a lot of basil in the three cup sauce. I did not taste too much of basil in there. 

5. Braised Eggplant with Garlic Sauce: Flavor was great and eggplant was cooked just right. 

6. Rice with meat sauce: The meat sauce it self was yummy but I didn't like their steam rice. It was not moist but rather dry. Hopefully they will change to different brand of rice. 

7. Chinese meatballs (Lion Heads): It was not too flavorful. It was the least favorite among of our group. 

8. Roast Pork Hocks: It was flavorful but the meat was not that fresh that day. I can taste the "piggy smell" lol. It was also not our favorite among of our group. 

9. Glass noodle with spicy minced pork: This dish is okay for me as well. I like the sauce and the spiciness but the noodle was bit under cooked in my opinion. 

10. Beef Noodle Soup: Beef was tender but soup was not flavorful enough and I didn't like the yellow noodle that they put in there. 

I also like the complementary side dishes that we got the other day. We had cucumbers, seaweed salad, peanuts and bean spouts. 

Service was decent and attentive. I have been going twice since last weekend and plan on going back again this week. I will keep trying other entrees and keep you all posted!
