IHt79wxZHkD7QSzlDRDivw Was around the area today and decided that I feel for some Chinese BBQ.. you know that feeling you get when you drive by somewhere and you get a whiff of BBQ pork or duck and then "BAM"  I need my BBQ now!!!
 
Normally I only go to my beloved Kum Hong BBQ in Richmond Hill as I always consider them the ultimate BBQ shop but since I was in the area, I decided to check Ho Ho BBQ based on reviews I saw on Yelp.  The first thing I noticed that this plaza across from the Yee Hong Centre has THREE (3) Chinese BBQ places almost next to each other which is kinda insane when you think about it so you need to make sure you are going to the right one.

When you first enter this tiny shop, you can tell that the couple that runs this place are really, really nice.  They seem very friendly and genuinely appreciative to the customers that come in which is huge plus.  You rarely see this in any take out place especially a Chinese one:)  

So onto the BBQ... I always base the quality of the BBQ on the same order... Roast Pork and BBQ Pork on rice combo.  These are the 2 items that for me define a good BBQ joint.

I have to say the portions are huge here!  They give a lot of BBQ on heaping pile of rice, along with a fried tofu/vegetable side and a choice of soybean or soup for $6.50 plus tax!  I have to admit it's a great deal!  BTW take the soup option, its really good!

Both the Roast Pork and BBQ Pork were nice and tender with good flavour.  Not too much fat as I prefer my meat a little leaner and the accompanied sauce matches well with the rice.  It's not as good as my Kum Hong but to be honest it's definitely better then most places so I would definitely recommend to anyone one in the area.

There is only about 2 stools by the window and unlike what some people have mentioned, you cannot take the food into the foodcourt to eat!  I got kicked out so had to eat in the car as I was told only the food court items can be eaten at the tables:)  Felt like I committed a crime or something!  Haha!
