IImZFNzX4cP84rFsyb-9mQ if you've ready any of these reviews, you already know this place is pricey so i won't harp on it (almost $16 for pho, are you kidding me?!). okay maybe a little.

but if they're going to rape and pillage our wallets, i suggest they at least try to make the food tasty. more to the point, have some taste/flavor. also, for a place called "the noodle shop" there was a disappointing choice of noodles. really? yes, really.

FOOD-
after getting my bowl of beef noodle soup, the soup looked pretty bland and there was a lot of oil floating on top. i gave it the benefit of the doubt as looks can be deceiving but after taking a sip of the soup, i knew that looks were right on. there was NO flavor to the broth. it was more like oily water with a tinge of beef. the beef pieces were also fatty and stringy with maybe two pieces of that were of any substance. 

my friends ordered two staple dishes: the pad thai (how can you go wrong with that?) and beef fried rice (how can you go wrong with this?). the pad thai did not taste like pad thai. i understand if you want it to be all fusion-y but should it not at least retain some of the flavor of what it claims to be? it was orange-colored like pad thai. didn't taste at all like pad thai. the fried rice was bland and needed chili paste to bring out some semblance of flavor. speaking of chili paste...

SERVICE -
we went at 9pm and there were maybe 4 other parties in the whole place. after we received our order, we didn't see the waiter again for half the meal as i ate slowly because i wanted to ask the waiter for some chili. eventually, i had to walk up to the hostess and ask her for it because we had no idea where our waiter was. a few minutes later, our waiter came briskly by our table without a word (no "sorry for the wait" or "is there anything else you need?"), plopped the chili down and kept walking. at least he didn't throw it.

sure, it's convenient, but it isn't worth that convenience. walk outside the strip and get some panda express if you're jonesing for asian food. it certainly beats this place in terms of taste and is cheaper.

p.s. - $2.50 per person for tea?! the casino's robbing you enough already. don't waste it on this joint.
