ijY4C4ut4M9xg3QvK2R2pg My family came here for a birthday dinner and ordered a Peking duck, but were served with a plate of duck skin with lots of hairs and some ridiculous lies. I will never come back again and I would recommend the same for your health.

While we ordered the food, the manager and the waitress persuaded us to order a full size pecking duck or roasted duck which is about $35. There were both half size and full size available, and we didn't feel it's necessary to order the full size because we still want to try other entrees. However, the manager and the waitress kept talking and talking. My family didn't want to make it a bad night for a birthday dinner and finally compromised and ordered the full size pecking duck along with a few other things.

The waitress promised that she would start serving us food in 3-5 minutes but only came back after more than 30 minutes. She brought a plate of duck skin with LOTS OF long hair on it. It's even difficult to find a piece without hair. I asked her how comes there's so much hair and where is the meat? We ordered duck or duck skin! She said "this is what you ordered. Our Pecking duck is like this. The duck is skinny". Then I stopped their manager and told him this is so gross and not hygienic. How can my family eat the duck skin with hairs? He said he would figure out what's happening. Then after that, the manager tried to avoid making eye contact with us until we waited for another 30 minutes and stopped him again. He told us this was not their fault because the duck they bought has hairs on it. My father said "then it is the problem of the person who raised the duck - he raised the duck with hairs". The manager said "that's right" and immediately turned away and ignored us from then on. 

At this point, we still had three other entrees and we might be able to ignore the hairy duck and finish the dinner. But the waitress might suddenly realize our upset could hurt her tips and came back with a full plate of duck meat and then stopped by again and again with different ridiculous "excuses". First, she, who is the person once saying "our duck is like this", told us it is healthier to eat duck with hairs, because it means that the duck meat was processed naturally. Then she came back every 5 minutes with a different excuse, such as "American don't minding eating duck with hair", "nobody complaint the hairs on the duck before", "she is only working here less than a year, so she doesn't know the entrees well", etc. Our family couldn't have conversations among ourselves at all and we didn't want to talk to the waitress any more. We ended up packing all unfinished food other than the duck and left very disappointed.
