1pZk5sw5m8kPTMdvIp6UVA I feel sorry for the waitresses.  Although I can understand why some customers get upset after waiting long.......why don't you just reorder?

To speak for the wait staff, some of them difficult to speak English....Ye's had a policy where they expect their wait staff to show up 11 am......but if it is slow, they would not pay the staff between either 2pm or 3pm......then ask them to come back 5pm or 6 pm.   So basically some of the unfortunate staff members end up devoting all their hours to Ye's sushi.......working from 11am till 930pm, but only get paid six hours depending which staff member.   So sometimes the staff gets a break between 230pm to 530 pm, don't get paid during that long break.....think about it. If your employer required you to work 11 am till 930 pm, would you be loving customers if you only got paid six hours. But a few fortunate wait staff did not have to go through that.  I'm just saying, some of the wait staff got treated ok, but others did not get enough hours even tho they devoted lots of time.

I can understand why some customers don't tip as the meal can be expensive enough......but you should give at least a little bit....even if it's a few dollars.  Every little bit helps. If your unhappy with the service but the waitstaff did try, maybe give at least a few bucks.

And as for people constantly ordering sashimi.....it's impossible for a sushi restaurant to constantly give that much fish without going out of business. Maybe order a mixture of fish and other stuff like appetizer. If you really are a sashimi fanatic, just go to T and T supermarket. They have plenty of cheap sashimi. Don't depend on a all you cam eat buffet to give tons of sashimi. They can probably give few orders, think about it...an all you can eat sashimi? I don't think so unless the owners want to file bankruptcy.
      I'm serious, if your looking for tons of raw fish....T and T has those sashimi dishes for super cheap.  I'm assuming that is why people go to all you can eat places. To get a deal, otherwise they'd just go to a regular sushi place ( not all you can eat)
     Another tip......if a restaurant is about to close..,....just return on a different day. If it's super busy, return on a different day. They are not going to say no to your money. Just a little common sense. If you want your money's worth don't go when they are trying to cram all customers in there nor when they are about to close. And maybe go during lunch when it cheaper.
