1pZk5sw5m8kPTMdvIp6UVA Like all others, myself and 3 other friends decided to try Ye's Sushi for dinner on a Tuesday based on recommendations from other friends. I agree the decor is great and the salad bar was good as it included things like crab legs and mussels. The dessert area was good for its soft serve ice cream. However, all your usual desserts that you can get at any all-you-can eat sushi place where it would be served it to you, was also available. I guess maybe it's not a bad idea to go and walk up for my dessert after eating so much food (which by the way you will feel like your forced to eat). I comment on this below.

The sushi and food itself is nothing out of the ordinary and I found not to be as good as some other places I've tried.

I would also like to warn you that should you leave at least one ounce of food on you plate, you will likely be charged for this. God forbid I leave just one last salmon roll that my poor stomach couldn't handle.

They made us feel quite uncomfortable when they saw that we had left quite a bit of pad thai on the table. The pad thai was sour and there was no way anyone was going to force us to eat that. The waiter was rude and told us that he would get his Manger when we complained about the food. The manager never came. The waiter then told us that the manager had walked by our table several times looking at our plates. And trust me, that was clearly noticed as the manager AND the waiter hovered around us like vultures making sure we were eating EVERYTHING! Super awkward! We asked the waiter what their process was with guests that don't eat all their food, and he laughed and replied "I don't know."  

The waiter then told us that they will not charge us for the extra food "this time" as if we should be grateful that they didn't force us to eat their sour pad thai and last salmon roll. No one should have to eat that!

Overall, not pleased with the food (same old, same old, and not even that great) and we definitely did not appreciate the service. 

I'm giving this place 2 stars (which I think is being nice) simply because of the crab legs, mussels and soft serve ice cream. 

I will not be returning to this place and would recommend others to stay away.
