iT9KMTR8NqYwSCW-zMUOxw This was a nice surprise.  I really like sushi, but I don't like having to always drive into the city for decent sushi.  I recently discovered this place just a couple of miles from my house located in the suburbs.  I've tried it twice now.  The first time I was a little nervous about trying the sushi... again, due to its location.  Fox Chapel is better known for Starbucks rather than good ethnic food.  I had the curried chicken and the steamed dumplings.  These were both of good quality.  I thought the curry with the chicken lacked a little flavor, but I'm from the caribbean and used to west indian curry.  The dumplings were nice because they actually were light and not too heavy like they usually are.  I think probably the best chinese in town is the Sesame Inn with a few locations, but this place is fine.  What I am really impressed with is the Sushi.  I had lunch there today and was impressed with the servie and the chef.  The service was really good... maybe a little too much attention, but better that than the alternative.  The Chef seemed to be a trained sushi chef.  I'm guessing he learned his trade in Asia.  I had some excellent quality white tuna, which was delicious.  I also had the spicy scallop with avocado sushi.  It was really nice with great texture with the creaminess of the avocado and sushi and the crunchiness of something else (not sure  what).  I also had the crabmeat sushi, which was pretty good quality.  The rice had good flavor and the right amount of stickiness.  The sushi was wrapped perfectly.  The chef was helpful and very nice.  I would have preferred authentic wasabi instead of the pasty type stuff you get everywhere, but again that's pretty standard.  I didn't try any of the rolls.  I don't typically eat rolls, because they usually are pretty heavy and one of the reasons I eat sushi is to offset my typical gluttony.  However, the selection seemed really good and I was told by another customer at the sushi bar that the TAI PEI 101 Roll was great.  It should be with a $24 pricetag for a roll.  The ingredients are 7 oz. of lobster, eel, asparagus, onion, cucumber, and seaweed salad.  If this place were in the city I would probably just give it 3 stars, but the fact that it's in the burb's and has this good quality justifies the 4 stars.  And, they deliver!
