1qTx9z8RMz7RIYKAfnpZ0A WHAT. A. JOKE!!!

Congratulations Lillie's, you are the proud receiver of my first-ever one-star review.

On our way up to the room after hanging out by the pool all day, we made reservations for dinner at 7:30pm on a Saturday night. The lady explained that the only reservations they took were for the hibachi/tepan grills and not the dining room, which was find because we wanted the grills anyway. My brother asked, "So can we get a reservation?" To which the lady replies, "Dining room or hibachi?" Hello!!! What did you just say?!?! Idiot.

We catch a quick nap and shower before heading back for dinner. W arrive at 7:34pm. I tell the lady (different lady this time) my name and our reservation time. She then proceeds to tell me that she'd given our reservation away because they only hold reservations for five minutes. I pull out my cell phone and it says 7:35pm. I tell her this and she goes through her spiel again. I ask why they would give away a reservation after waiting a mere five minutes and she claims it's policy (it's bullshit is what it is, you should be ashamed). I then ask if we can get a seat at one of the remaining tables since there was an open spot and no one waiting. She says no and mumbles something about the dining room. I ask, "Excuse me?" and she tells me that there's nothing she can do. I then ask her, "Nothing you can do or will do?" As she stands there, stunned and searching for a reply, my friend walks up and lays into her. The lady says, "Well I called your room like five times and no one picked up." My friend replies, "Either you called as we left the room to come down to dinner or you didn't call at all. Which room were you calling?" She rattles off "1011", to which my friend replies, "You were calling the wrong room. We're 10111, the hotel doesn't have a 1011." If you work in a hotel, shouldn't you have a vague knowledge of the room numbers? My friend is now fed up, "Fine. We're going some place else. Thank for nothing." Not a reply from the lady.

This place is ridiculous! First you give away a reservation after five measly minutes of waiting for us and then you won't do a damn thing to remedy the situation? No apology at all? I've never been so appalled by customer service in my life. Never have I been treated so poorly. Never has a restaurant had such disregard for its customers or any form of customer service.
