iyPtSR0s6EkvaQFbdJ_jVA Pearl King, part of the same chain as Pearl Harborfront and Pearl Bayview, is located near King and John, and is probably the only place you can expect to find dimsum in the downtown area outside of chinatown. If you're pressed for time but still looking for dimsum, this place might work.

The interior is mostly brightly lit and spacious. There are a couple tables that just don't have any lights overhead. There's a bar up front and a number of seats in the back and on the second floor. They definitely emphasize cleanliness, with white table cloths and chairs. Washrooms are located in the basement, which may pose some accessibility issues, and half the lights in there don't seem to work.

They have lunch/dinner specials, along with dimsum.
We had a groupon for their dimsum, so we went with that.

The prices are what you would expect at a mid-range dimsum restaurant: $5-7 for a dish. Definitely not a $2.50/dish experience you would find at some chinatown places.

Tea is charged per head at $1.75. Waitress did not specify this, but then again we did not ask.
Second refill had little tea flavour, so it's not really worth it if the group just gets one pot. Would've been better if they had given each person their own pots.

We came for lunch around noon, but the place was pretty empty. There was a group of 8 and another pair, but that's about it. Food was served up at a good pace, and everything was nice and hot. Portion size is what you would expect at a dimsum, where a group of 4 would probably get a bite or two of everything. The flavours I found were comparable to the ones in chinatown, or not as good. The price definitely doesn't reflect the quality of the food and probably reflects the location and ambiance.

An 18% service charge was added to the bill for a group of 3. I assume this is because we are using groupon, because auto-grat on small groups is a bit strange (but perfectly legal).

Personally, if you were planning on trying out Pearl, I'd just go to the harborfront location. At least there, you can get a better view of the lake.
