IZ33QKVggRtHdMdWoDPi6Q You know that moment when you're at a restaurant and you look over the next table; see them receive food that looks amazing; and wish that you can order the same but you're unsure of what it is, or what it's called? 

Ginger & Onion and other traditional (push cart) dim sum places is the answer for these moments as you can LITERALLY ask for a plate of the same thing for your table.  Push cart dim sum, just in case you've never been, is where several servers push around carts with mini plates of sampler sized cooked food; passing by each table to offer a plate to the patrons.  Imagine tapa style dishes with preview option on wheels!  Almost 85% of the dishes have pork and/or shrimp so if you're a fan; this is a definite must!!

This place is our go-to every Sunday lunch after basketball.  

Our order normally includes, but are not limited to:
deep fried calamari tentacles (crunchy but the inside is flavorful and juicy)
Har gow (shrimp wrapped in rice wrap)
Shiu Mai (minced pork & shrimp)
Steamed pork & mushroom on rice pot (my fave!) 
Garlic Choy sum (Chinese broccoli)
Minced shrimp stuffed tofu, green peppers, & eggplant 
Skin rolls (sounds gross; but it's just ground pork with thin strips of shitake mushroom and bamboo shoots inside a tofu bean curd sheet)
Deep fried shrimp dumpling
Steamed BBQ pork buns
BBQ pork sticky fried rice 
Cheung fan - BBQ pork or Shrimp (thought I was kidding about the 85%?) wrapped in rice wrap with sweet soy sauce 

For dessert:
Tofu Fah - sweet tofu with a simple sugar syrup (my FAVE dessert)
Black sesame soup (sweet and smooth tasting though it looks gritty and well... Black)
Mango jelly with evaporated milk (sometimes shaped as a fish; heart; etc... Sweet and is definitely a kid favourite)
Sesame ball with red bean (sweet red bean inside a thin rice ball layer covered in sesame)
Ma Lai Go -Chinese version of a steamed sponge cake

At $3-$4.50 per order, our order for 7 usually ends up around 15 per person which includes tax, tip, and a full stomach. Not the cheapest dim sum we've been to but for the price and quality, so far, one of our top three dim sum joints for sure - I score this place 3.5 - 4 stars!
