JB-fH6Ks8lznlxyEAoorBA Jade's is obviously a take-out joint but, not being from Stouffville, and having worked up an appetite from strawberry picking, we wanted to eat right away, so we knowingly made the error of dining-in. We did search in vain for an outdoor bench in the plaza or nearby park while waiting nearly 30mins for our food but to no avail. It's a shame because it was a beautiful summer day.

The service was slow at Jade's and their english was bad making ordering for special dietary needs difficult. The food was a pretty standard North American chinese take-out fare, nothing special, produce less than fresh. The vegetables were cut fairly sloppily and chunky with some visible browning around the edges of the carrots. It came loaded with globs of MSG, which probably could have been expected. 

They had a rough looking table and set of chairs that we pieced together to eat at. The table was dirty which added to the unpleasantness of the experience. I think they probably keep it this way to discourage people from dining-in. 

I've eaten at quite a few, run-of-the-mill, Chinese, take-out joints in strip malls in Florida and New York, and can say that they all had better seating situations than Jade's and actually provide table service at a few of them. I think one of the gentlemen behind the counter took pity on us because he offered us some styrofoam plates when he saw us eating  directly out of the containers.

There were plenty of vegetarian(so they say) options on the menu but I felt pretty ill after having my mixed vegetables and tofu. We were there mid-afternoon and they didn't have any white rice prepared so we had to wait a bit longer after the food arrived for the rice to be ready. No discount was offered for the delayed rice but they did give me a heaping portion.

It's pretty clear that Jade's operates its business of a take-out only basis serving clientele with low-standards for Chinese food. They might not have any competition in Stouffville. If you have the time, you're better off driving to Markham or Richmond Hill to eat Chinese. I recommend Gourmet Vegetarian.

The next time I go strawberry picking, I'm definitely going to bring a picnic lunch.
