JCmyrBoNl2qfZ-f8I5RA3A You know that old saying, "Don't judge a book by its cover?" That definitely applies when it comes to Cafe Ga Hyang. 

My husband and I have been trying to find a decent Korean place in Phoenix for a while, and after less-than-stellar experiences at a couple of other places, we decided to try this place out, after reading about it in Phoenix Magazine. It was only about 15 minutes from our house; who knew? 

Upon arriving, we were a bit apprehensive; the restaurant is located next door to a tattoo parlor in a pretty sketchy, half-empty strip mall in Glendale. The decor is straight out of the 1970s, and the night we were there, the air conditioning was basically not working. But keeping in mind that "don't judge a book..." thing, we decided to stay. (We also took the fact that we were the only non-Koreans in the place as a good sign.)

I ordered the bibimbap with beef, which arrived in a sizzling hot bowl, as it should. Our server, who I am pretty sure was also the owner, asked if I had ever eaten Korean food. Before I could answer, she instructed me on the proper way to stir the ingredients in the bowl together. Almost immediately everything began to sizzle and the smell of cooking food wafted across the table! It tasted delicious, the perfect combination of spicy, savory and sweet, with a mixture of sticky and crunchy rice (the pieces that had cooked to the sides and bottom of the bowl.) If there is such a thing as Korean comfort food, this might be it!

My husband ordered the kimchi chigae, which is basically a stew made of  kimchi, pork and tofu. He was a bit disappointed that it wasn't spicier, and had more tofu than meat. I had a few bites and found it nice and savory - I will probably order it next time. The stew also arrived in a stone pot so hot it was still boiling, so while we waited for it to cool off, we helped ourselves to the Banchan, which consists of several small plates of side dishes that are served with every meal. Most of them are served cold or chilled, a nice counterpoint to the heat of our main dishes. I liked the pickled vegetables, the bean sprouts tossed with what tasted like a mixture of salt and vinegar, the pickled radishes, and the kimchi (again, more savory than spicy.) I did not really care for the steamed eggs.  Again, our server was kind enough to explain what everything was. 

All and all our experience at Cafe Ga Hyang was a pleasant one, and we will probably be back at some point. I especially think this would be a great place to come in the winter; a sizzling/steaming hot bowl of bibimbap or chigae would really hit the spot on a cold night!
