JfbbFcJgj8Zfn9SjGDnBgQ I actually found this restaurant while I was looking for another BBQ restaurant but decided that I would try it. There wasn't much of a line up when I got there but it was busy when I left. 

Here's what I noticed:

The restaurant is inside the food court of this mini mall, I don't actually know the name of it. It is near one of the exits and doesn't appear to be the only one in the mall that serves Chinese BBQ; however, it is the only one in the food court. The seating area was small and when a couple of people were standing, it made it harder to navigate through. For this, I don't blame the restaurant. 

The kitchen looks cramped and haggard. The BBQ meats on the display take up a lot of room leaving a small window to have your order taken and to receive the order. It started to get cramped and people were shifting all over to accommodate people ordering and picking up their food while they were waiting. 

The prices were low; however, the cashier is no stranger to upselling and was able to upsell me on a BBQ Duck leg, which had more meat, but she charged me an additional $2. I realize $2 wasn't a lot but when you consider the price of my meal was $6, that's a substantial increase. I didn't bother ordering a drink. The cashier had a heavy provincial accent which made her hard to understand her Cantonese, so, I just agreed with her. My opinion is that I want food, and you have it, here's what I would like, how much?

The "butcher" or the cook in the back seemed like he was cramped and huddled inwards but he was working to get the meals done. He asked the cashier multiple times what people ordered, so, perhaps, he was the reason that we were all waiting. It's interesting because he really isn't cooking anything. 

The food was good. However, let's be more specific. The rice was flavorful but the consistency might have been off. This could have been because of the BBQ sauce that they put over it. Vegetables were very simple, just a boiled nappa cabbage on one side of the rice bowl. The take out container that I refer to the rice bowl was smaller than I am used to. The BBQ duck leg, had a lot of meat and was very flavorful, so, I was satisfied with that. The Roasted Pork meat was fall off the bone, if that is possible; however, the skin was burn and tough to eat. There was no sauce offered or given, which is sad, because everything has a perfect condiment. The soup was what I expected. If you don't like soup, she also offered soya milk. 

This restaurant is very reasonable, relatively quick and close to what I would expect for a Chinese BBQ restaurant. It isn't without its flaws but I give it a pass.
