jfmyj519pg2flxGEQ2xdPg ****MAKE SURE JOYFUL HOUSE IS YOUR ASIAN 10 COURSE WEDDING BANQUET CATERER****

Have you ever wanted a 10 course Asian banquet for a wedding for 125 guests?  You have 2 options: 1) Choose to have the wedding at an Asian restaurant, where you are limited with the restaurant capacity and limited floor space for dancing or 2) Find a restaurant to cater the Asian food in the venue of your choice.  

I selected option 2.  I went to several Asian restaurants to see if they had the capacity to perform the duties.  Most of the Asian restaurants in Las Vegas were very poor on communication and none of them would return my phone calls even after constant reminders of having their restaurant provide me a quote list of the dinner items and an agenda on how they will be able to perform the function.  All of them failed miserably on the capacity test except for Joyful House.  Joyful House was the ONLY restaurant that had the means to cater in the food.   


They have 2 very helpful managers willing to provide constant communication to make sure your Asian catering and wedding event is a success.  High 5's to both Dell and Stanley.  They are truly amazing and made my wedding planning so easy.  

Here is why:

1) They are extremely good at constant communication.  I am ABC, so they speak good English.
2) Planning - I would give them a 100 out of 10 in terms of their planning skills.  Chef Yau, Dell and Stanley went to Havana Room at the Tropicana Hotel and met with the Director of Catering.  They laid out the entire inventory items of plates, forks, dinner platters, etc.  They make things look so smooth, yet there were so many complexities in performing the catering job.  Joyful House brought in all the raw materials, tea cups, tea pots, soy sauce, etc. and cooked everything fresh in Tropicana's kitchen.  
3)Food Quality - I would give them a 100 out of 10.  We had a lot of Asian food connoisseur's in our guest list and I got nothing but raving reviews.  There is a reason why CNN ranked Joyful House as Top 50!  Their specialty is Honey Walnut Shrimp.  My guests were extremely happy about all of the food quality.  Joyful House delivered above and beyond on their quality of food.  The food was so darn good that my guests kept asking for more food than what I originally ordered.  

I can't thank Joyful House for doing such an amazing job!  Thank you again!
