JjjlhlQ2LEaQMuAug4fDIA I might come back if i ever feel like eating my favorite again.  

The owner of this restaurant is the same one from Champion on Spring Mountain Rd.  It's in the same mall of the old SF supermarket.  

Please don't let the their service discourage you from visiting this place again.  This is how their service works.  When you get there, they don't really seat you, you just find a spot to sit, get your own water from the dispenser and grab your own utensils for food.  You can either go up to the counter to get their menu or you can wait for them.  Either way.  Their service isn't the best but that's how they roll.

I'm only giving this place 2 stars because I've read the review from someone else about this place and he said that they didn't have some of the items on the menu.  So I decided to wait a few days afterwards to go.  But, the items that were unavailable from the previous review, was still UNAVAILABLE.  This makes me wonder, if they even have the man power to run a business like this.  Why did they advertise Taiwanses deli when they don't have soy drinks? Why they don't have shao lung bao? Waitress said to me that since they are so busy, the chef is unable to make the shao lung bao.  (Oh really?  Do you want the business from me? Seriuosly?  No? I guess not!)  

It just doesn't make sense to me why they don't hire more people to help outside and inside of the kitchen?  Why don't they better prepare themselves? They've been in business for a while week already and not to mention, they only moved over from their previous business, so they have experience already.  

I then suddenly remember how the sluggish atmosphere is like from the old champion restaurant.  It's the exact same thing.  They probably want to improve business but don't really know how to handle a busy business within their management.  

I want to review on their dam dam mein.  It used to taste really good at the old location, and i expected it to be the same. But it didnt' taste the same.  Not only did they not have the appropriate  that they were supposed to serve , the peanut sauce was really bland.    They didn't have soy that i wanted to drink, they didn't have the siu lung bao, that i wanted.  I ordered my normal favorite and it turned out horrible.  I also ordered the Beef noodle which didn't taste great either.  

Over all, i was really disappointed in their management.  I hope their services will improve in the future.  I will not be back there for a while.
