joMyW9KcBEsHJxQuAMulaQ The ratings on this place is skewed by the fact this used to be board game cafe which recently converted to a cocktail bar that happens to have some board games -- and all the ratings are dumped into the same bucket.

I never went to this place as a board game cafe, but did want to check it out since the bar manager use to bartend in Lan Kwai Fong (the spot to start/end shit-faced adventures) in Hong Kong and makes a Yuanyang (HK milk tea & coffee drink) inspired cocktail.

It's a combo of infused Earl Grey gin, espresso and evaporated milk.  Did kinda remind of my a yuanyang, but felt a tad close to Bailey's.  That said, the waitress did ask if I wanted it 'sweet', 'bold' or 'regular' - I went with regular, so I might have to switch it up next time.

The decor reminds me of Cold Tea.  However, I'm not saying it's a copy - it's hard not to get the same influences when you're going for a 'hyper-real' Hong Kong feel.  It's like you've walked into a Wong Kar-Wai movie poster.

We default to cocktail bar classics like Negronis (3 oz for $8!) and Old Fashioned after sampling some of the more exotic stuff.

The staff were very eager to please - checking up with us constantly if we enjoyed our drinks.  After some prodding, my buddy hesitantly said one of the drinks was 'tad watered down' for him.  Without further prompting, waitress later came back with a complimentary, stronger version of the same cocktail.  And the bar manager himself came by, introduced himself and checked on us.  That's great service.

They said they decided to move from a board game cafe to cocktail lounge/event venue recently (there's a stage at the corner of the room).  And they only kept the simpler games that didn't take all day to play from their board games days.  For what it's worth, I'm happier there's a nice cocktail lounge in the area rather than yet another escape room/board game cafe.

Harking back to their board game days, I dig the fact they have a dice roll menu - roll the dice and you're randomly given a drink on the list of 12.  Roll a 12 and you get a Flaming Lamborghini - props for properly 'weighing' the roll odds. 

Overall, I really like the spot and it seems like a great date joint with the ambiance and alchohol and board games to pass the time.

They only run $5 happy hour specials from 5 - 7pm - so will definitely be back.
