JPfi__QJAaRzmfh5aOyFEw Went here for the first time today and I am not sure how I feel about this place. I love the Noodle Man so I was so excited to try out this place since it has a similar concept. The place is new so very clean and modern looking. They have a bunch of smaller tables, probably not the best place for large parties, especially if they get busy it will be difficult to pull tables together. The waitress was very sweet and made good recommendations. 

For appetizers we ordred spicy wontons and beef and onions pot stickers, both came after we got our noodles (not much of an appetizer if it comes after the meal), but this wasn't a big deal to us. The spicy wonton looked really small but there were about 8 wontons in there, so pretty good portion; however, being called "spicy" wonton it was not spicy at all, there is a sweetness to the sauce that I did not expect, I would have liked for it to be spicer. The pot sticker came after we finished our noodles, the waitress said they were experimenting with a new pot and it messed up the pot stickers so they had to re-make it, they gave us a plate of the cucumber salad complimentary for the wait, which was very sweet of them. The skin on the pot sticker was too thick for my liking, the meat was kind of bland and dry, nothing special really. The sauce was really good though. 

I got the pork belly with knife-shaved noodles. The broth as really good, very flavorful, but they gave me very little broth. The noodle was very thick and stuck together, it was hard to pick up each noodle, it stuck together like a big...glob. My sister got the Shang's noodle with hand pulled noodles, her broth was good but a bit warm, not as hot as she would have liked. She also said it was a little bland, she expected it to have chilli like at other places, but maybe it is just a different style. 

Overall I think the place is decent, but I prefer the Noodle Man for the spicer wonton and broth. But they are pretty new so maybe just need a little time to adjust.
