JPfi__QJAaRzmfh5aOyFEw Came here on a Saturday evening with some friends, a few days after their opening. 

Upon first glance, the kitchen reminded us of Noodle Man, on the southwest side of town, which offers similar type of food and hand made noodles. They specialize in fresh hand-pulled noodles and knife-cut noodles. It is near the popular Yonaka Japanese and newly opened Very Berry Cafe, this plaza is about to be really popular as these 3 places are really good... BUT PARKING SUCKSSS.... parking is very limited in this area as it goes down the hill into the gas station and McDonalds

Number of tables is limited but i believe the restaurant can seat 20-30 people fairly easily, with 2-4 person tables and counter tables facing the kitchen. 

3 of us had ordered the Shang Beef Noodle which consisted of beef broth, beef brisket, and veggies. 2 of the 3 with hand-pulled noodles and 1 (mine) being knife-cut noodles. 1 of us got the Pork Rib Noodle with hand-pulled noodles which is fairly similar but consists of pork broth, braised pork rib, and veggies. Both priced at $8.49. The smell of the braised pork ri

We were served watermelon infused water which was nice and refreshing. At first we saw the slightly murky water and questioned it until the waitress told us XD 

The orders came out fairly quick (we were the only table in the restaurant). 2 of the 3 hand-pulled noodles had a good al dente texture. 1 may have sat a little longer than the others. My hand-cut noodles were a little short of al dente in the middle but quite soft on the edges. Maybe a minute less would be perfect. 

Soup flavor was very nice and not overpowering. The spoons they give us to use sucks for eating with as it was a straight spoon so it was a bit awkward to hold and get soup. The beef brisket was super flavorful and tender ! Very good quality and delicious. 

When we were almost finished, they had brought us a cold celery peanut salad with shredded carrot. Quite flavorful. Flavor reminds me of the chinese marinating liquid "loh sui". Pretty tasty and the chilled app was nice. 

Overall pretty good place. Might actually prefer this place over Noodle Man now. :) Good to try if you are in the area
