jrE4M9HlYp2AZZ7iQCSIRw Lackluster service with takeout quality food. 

My girlfriend and I took her father here. We entered the restaurant and the host was on a personal phone call with her back to the door. We listened to her for a while, then she realized we were there and quickly hung up. We were sat at a table with a dirty table cloth under a pane of glass. 

The president was in town and Channel 8 was showing the speech. I asked if they would show the speech on one of the three TVs which were all turned off. The manager said the TVs were reserved for advertising, and turned on one of the TVs to some type of advertising channel which did not show advertisements for the restaurant (think video games and movies.) The other two were not turned on. 

The menu has approximately 200 entrees and took a while to read. The servers seemed impatient, and I do mean servers, as we had multiple servers.

We got our appetizer, and the server spilled the sauce on the table. She said, "Oops," but did not clean it. The entrees were not far behind, and the same server set the first dish in the sauce she had spilled. 

The food was food, and I cannot say it wasn't. Her dad and I ordered a two person family dinner. It was greasy, bland, and surprisingly poor quality for $15 a person, but it was still food. My girlfriend's hot pot was bad. It was still food too, but she did not enjoy it. We ate until we were full, and then I used the bathroom.

Which brings me to the bathroom. The exterior door was filthy; the kind of filthy which causes you to dread entering the restroom. Think "behind the gas station in Kingman, AZ" dirty. Once in the men's restroom, you will find there are two urinals. The one on the left was leaking onto the floor, and the leak spread under the other urinal. This makes it impossible to use without standing in the leak. The leak runs even further under the stalls, and I imagine your pants would get wet if you had to sit on the toilet. The floor was sticky in the dry spots. 

We shall never return.
