Jur1iiejUFw_YCkfDfy1gQ From NYC.  I've had my fair share of both "authentic" Chinese (Flushing, Chinatown, etc) and my fair share of "takeout style."  But what on Earth is this?  I like new things/styles, but only if done right. This wasn't. 

Let's begin:
Upon entry, the smell of incense is present to mask the smell of urine pouring out the messy bathroom. Service was friendly, but incessant, to the point of annoying. 4 times within five minutes being asked if I want a refill on my Coke. I didn't. I'm on a diet. But I said yes, like tipping the ugly girl at a strip club so she goes away!

Now for the food. Where is the sauce?  The pork fried rice and chicken fried rice came out white. Looked steamed, not fried. Tasted bland as anything, flavored only by what tasted like a hint of butter. My wife's meal is traditionally served with a brown sauce (hoisin). However, there was nothing on it. Everything tasted boiled (in water) or steamed. I tried several Dim Sum dishes. The continual cart system was kinda neat, but many of the plates were indistinguishable from one another. Some were just gross, mushy, bland, "mystery meat."  One or two puréed shrimp dim sum dishes were decent, not too fishy (shrimp toast style).

The place had no "dumpling sauce," a staple in Chinese takeout where I'm from. It's essentially warm soy, ginger, and scallions, maybe some brown sugar. They did present me with vinegar instead. On my half of the continent, the Chinese vinegars are dark in color, similar to balsamic. This vinegar was pink, tasting like something you'd use to clean your shower. 

Wontons were small with the very thin wrapper, halfheartedly twisted at the end as opposed to the kind that are closer to a thick, flavorful egg noodle, folded like a fortune cookie. They skimped on the soup contents, and I'm not sure why a wonton soup for one person is considered a half an order. What is this, Carmine's?  

Menu was lacking some things we all like to see. If you google "Chinese food menu" you will not see anything similar to what they have here, that's a takeout style menu. However, some things I like to see in authentic cuisine were missing, as in "braised pork shoulder."  

Ever go to a foreign country and try a McDonalds and things just aren't "right?"  A comparable feeling at this place. 
Some pleasantries were missing: tea automatically brought to table, crispy noodles with duck sauce,etc. However, I asked for noodles for my soup and got a crispy noodle style I had never experienced. It was really tasty. 

They were friendly to my child, but I'll never visit again.
