JWsq_5AX1vDi-cG7iMJQCA YC's is awesome. Plain and simple. Awesome. 

When you eat at YC's, you are not simply a patron. You become an architect-chef-artist hybrid;
the ingredient bar becomes your palette, your hands become your paintbrush, and your bowl becomes your canvas. After paying your $10.25, you are given permission to create a masterpiece.

Your first stop on this culinary Safari is at the meats. Slightly frozen, these curls of chicken, beef, pork, and cod look kinda freaky to be honest. But give it time. By midnight these freaky little meat swirls will become your Cinderella. You will be longing for more. This is also the beginning of your architect job. You must begin balancing your bowl in such a way as to create a stable mountain of Mongolian delicacies maximizing the $10.25 entrance fee. You do so by utilizing the parchment paper provided and squishing all of your ingredients to their basic form in your bowl. Watch someone else if it's your first time. It's an art. 

Next step the vegetables. Still utilizing the parchment paper to hulk smash every ingredient down to its most compact form, continue to pack that baby with everything you can! The veggies are also fresh and delicious. 

Finally: stacking noodles. This is the most vital step in your architect role. Pile these babies on!!! The wheat noodles are like strings of happiness. They will make you smile. 

The last role that you must play is that of chef. It's more like mad scientist. At this point in front of you there are seemingly hundreds of containers of magic potions (or sauces) and you are given the task of creating the elixir of life. The sauces are delicious no matter what you do. Don't fret too much. 

Lastly you hand your heaping mountain of Mongolian BBQ to the gentlemen that will shortly become your best friend. He will then take your masterpiece and turn it into a steaming heap of bliss. At this point, you enjoy. 

YCs is delicious. Go there for lunch. Or dinner. Or your birthday. Or your graduation. Or one year anniversary. Or 20 year anniversary. Or wedding. Or anytime.
