eSENXDnnNSo-MLLkWJQ8Vg I had been wanting to come here for a long, long time! My friend Cynthia went here a few months ago, and told me it was legit! (I trust her opinion...she was born/raised in San Diego, and she knows what's up when it comes to Mexican food!)  We finally made it down here the other day for dinner.  We parked in the back lot, and walked inside.  We were greeted immediately and shown to a table.  We were served a basket of chips, browsed the menu for a bit and then placed our order.  I went with a plethora of tacos which included a fish taco, a mole taco, a cochinita pibil taco, an al pastor taco and a carne asada taco.  Here is how they were.............

Fish Taco-  They make these with dogfish.  It was a hefty sized taco and it was mighty delicious.  It had 2 pieces of perfectly fried fish inside.  I had never had dogfish until today.  It was a very meaty and chewy fish.  Most fish tacos are white fish that break apart easily.  This fish was almost like a steak!  I would definitely get this one again.

Mole Taco-  Shredded chicken with a rich mole sauce service on top of a double corn tortilla.  It was good, but not my favorite of my selections.  Not sure if I would get this one again.  A tad messy, too.

Cochinita Pibil Taco-  This was roasted pork shoulder topped with pickled red onions.  The pork was nice and moist, and the onions gave it a nice bite.  I would get it again.

Al Pastor Taco-  This taco came topped with a a decent amount of pork, some hot red sauce, some cool avocado sauce and also some pineapple.  It was definitely tasty.  Maybe not on par with my Tacos El Gordo in SD, but still a good al pastor taco.  I would get this one again.

Carne Asada Taco-  This was my favorite of the day!  This taco came prepared simple with just steak and some cabbage (It's an AZ thing..the cabbage).  This steak was so well marinated, and so tender, it was a pleasure to eat.  I wish I would have ordered maybe 3 or 4 of these things.  It was by far the best carne asada I have had in AZ, and could hold its own vs any asada back in SD.  It was incredibly legit!  I may come back and get this in a burrito from here.  Winner, winner, carne asada dinner! 

Besides the great tacos, this place has a super awesome salsa bar!  They had at least 10 different, home made salsas on display.  I tried about 5 of them and each one was unique and tasty.  They have great chips, too!  Thin and crispy!  They went well with all the great salsas.  We got 2 baskets full.

Service was on point and all the young ladies working in the place were on top of everything!  I'm glad I went here and will definitely be coming back...soon!  Best Mexican food I have had in AZ so far!
