F1tRni0x93nfRA-O5SHHzg You hear about hole-in-the-wall places, but one on wheels rolls into place every day except Sunday immediately off of Hwy 160, in Indian Land, at the junction with Hwy 521. Tucked into space along the back side of the MJ Mart, you cannot miss the large awning/tent covering the picnic tabled eating area.  I know, eating from a trailer parked in a gas station?  Yep and you will not be disappointed.

This is a Taco Truck.   And Nayarit is a town in Mexico, so don't beat yourself up trying to find it in dictionaries.

And there will be lots of workers with their lawn care, plumbing, landscaping and other vehicles of the trades.  Much local color and a great place to practice your Spanish.  And be prepared to wait as many orders are "to go" or "papa llevar" to a work crew nearby.

The lady taking the orders speaks English, so have no fear.  And their is a friendly air about the place.  And it is very clean, the truck and the eating area. 

The menu is simple, with photos of each item and a price next to it.  Tacos are $2 each, burritos more.  Plan to order at least two tacos, and they can be filled differently, so experiment.  The different meats, from beef, porl. head (cabesa), tongue and tripe are listed on a poster.  If you don't know what it is, ask.  And just walking around to look over what others are eating is a good way to simply ask, "what is that you are eating"? 

You get a jalapeno pepper, a wedge of line, a radish and some grilled onions on your plate.  Just like in Mexico. Hot sauce is on the tables.

Beverages are Jaritos, a commonly found soft drink in Mexico and there are also standard American beverages.  I have seen people using credit cards but am not certain as I pay cash.  

If you are there early you will see plastic bags of fried orange looking things.  They are chicharones of fried flour.  A form of Frito maybe.  Sounds different and they are, but in any case they are great for a snack, they sell fast and you will enjoy them. 

Truly an authentic Mexican fast food experience.  Bring friends or make it a first date.  Your date will always remember the experience and you.
