F2pfjAZ_3dMTGCKv6c5wOw 5 stars for real, duh. 

we showed up at 4pm. (it doesn't even open until five) that's how excited we were. that said, we are not scared to throw water on a bonfire, if an over-hyped restie is our dining destination of choice i am the first one to point out the many flaws it contains.

tonight is not such a night.

as i mentioned we were 60 american minutes early to the doors opening, we were lucky enough, however, to see the 2-time James Beard nominee chef/owner outside taking a nicotine break who was kind enough to recommend a bar close by for a pre-cocktail.

- side note, um sirs? what else are you looking for? give this guy his prize already.-

so we are there 30 seconds after they open the doors. literally. 
we took seats at the bar by the server well (when i called on Wed their reservations were booked until 9 pm EST- so get thyself to the phone now). our bartender greeted us quickly and cheerfully and w/in mere moments we had our margarita flight.

we had the tradicional, pineapple and blood orange. they were all amazing in their own right. the pineapple seemed dangerous because the tequila was so toned down by the syrupy sweetness of the pineapple you could drink a 1000 of them, just fyi. the amazingly helpful and kind bartender also added a 4th glass to our flight. the cucumber marg. holy balls. that's the real deal holyfield. I had wanted that in the first place but my buddy doesn't do cucumber so i bypassed it. it's not just the contrast between the cool and round (taste, not shape) cucumber balancing the tequila, it's also the habanero lime salt. (i made up the habanero part, it's some sort of pepper and lime salt that is red, spicy and acidic, the greatest rim of all time)
not only were the drinks good; that kind of attention to service was noted, appreciated and now lauded.

to the food.

we ordered the guacamole sampler. tradicional, pineapple, and crab & pickled corn.
the tradicional was amazing. i could have eaten that for a long, long time. the pineapple was the tradicional with small pineapple chunks. it was enough to change it. that little bit of crazy sweet completely changed the bowl. the final, crab and corn, had an overriding seafood flavor that was wonderful, but definitely played second fiddle to the aforementioned.
~note- if you order the sampler please be aware that it is a full serving of three different guacs. that is to say it is a shit-ton of guac. worth it, but pace yourself.

so, we got taquitos for dinner. not that box you get in the frozen aisle of the grocery. this is a bowl of flavorful amazingness, sauce, salsa and tortillas. think glorified fajitas.

He got carnitas. the flavor was beyond. sweet, acidic, savory, all that is good and wonderful in this world. served with a habanero-chipotle (swoon) sauce and tomatillo salsa.

(i was eating the tomatillo salsa with a spoon. that's how amazing it is)

I got the special, mole braised short ribs w/ a horseradish sauce and the same tomatillo salsa.

it was like butter in texture. that is to say it was the best texture of meat you could ever hope to have on your fork and tongue.

i will say i didn't get a lot of mole out of it, and i have had Bayless' mole, i know mole. doesn't matter. they were still crazy good.

i also got some sort of goat cheese tamale cake thing. comfort food at its finest. i want a thousand of those fried corn puffs.

we were there for 2.5 hours and never felt anything but welcomed by the bartenders. the food was so, so, so good. 

i closed the night w/ a cup of coffee as we live 45 minutes from Momocho. it is crazy good. some sort of vietnames cinnamon (i didn't make that up) and something that is the most flavorful coffee of all time. 

i also have gone from a manatee stomach to a blue whale sized stomach (that's the largest living mammal) because i ate so much. we took our guac home because we didn't come close to finishing it, and i am 'this' close to getting in there w/ a spoon right now. it's just so good. i don't even feel like a jerk for eating as much as i did because it is happy meat and real food. 

also:

i need you to know that i'm from OK. a state that is nearly 40% hispanic (that's a made-up stat, but it's probably true) which means i have had my fair share of good mexican food. 

this is good mexican food on anabolic steroids. 

is it cheating? jesus says not to judge. i say just enjoy.
