fGnILhhgE393e-8X9JIB4Q Sometimes going out the way pays off in a big way. I have always been an aficionado of real Mexican food. In North America we are invariably offered "Mexican food" which is nothing but....

This is a gem of place in one of the 'satellites' of Vaughan Mills. You are initially greeted by a simple Mexican decor that is not overdone.

The menu is varied but not overwhelming. They do not try to be everything to everybody, but their offerings are interesting and HOME MADE. This includes the salsa bar where a variety of salsas in varying degrees of heat are presented. The only slight reservation that I had about this place is that they use a lot of flour tortillas. Corn would be a whole lot better.

I began my lunch with a Sopa Azteca. This rich soup is tomato and chili based and provides a thick warm and full blown taste. It contains Tortillas strips, avocado and cheese and has been thickened with sour cream and sprinkled with a bit of queso. It was totally delicious. The ladies shared a Sopa de Frijoles (Black bean soup), which was much easier on the tomato but had a nice lightly spiced taste.

I then ordered an Enchilada de Mole Poblano which consists of 3 well sized enchiladas in a Mole (Sauce) of Poblano peppers finished with Chocolate. This is served with Rice and black beans. The sauce is absolutely terrific and would not be out of place in a "name" restaurant. It is that awesome. You can have this dish as a vegetarian dish, but I chose to have it with chicken. I was keeping as close to tradition as possible since chocolate mole is usually served for festive occasions with turkey.

The ladies shared the classic quesadillas which extremely good and then shared a carnitas burrito. Now that was a burrito....not the designer items that pass in other restaurants for Burritos. The salsas complemented all our meals which was accompanied by Sol Beer. Unfortunately we all were too full for dessert.

I was so sure that this restaurant would feature Menudo (my favorite Mexican soup/meal), and it does! It is made for special occasion and is featured on their web site. I will be going there again soon. 

Throw off your corporate restaurant Mexican food blahs and treat yourself to the real thing!
