fK1oj0dk9Bc6KsBk5mMDxg I had never ventured out too far west of Landsdowne in the city until last weekend after reading a review of what looked to be a tasty Mexican restaurant in my Toronto Life magazine. Speaking as an amateur Mexican food connoisseur, I have found it difficult to find authentic and delicious Mexican cuisine at an equally trendy venue in Toronto. I mean you have your Mucho Burritos, but there's something about the replication of chain restaurants that I really detest.

Although there are three locations, Playa Cabana is far from a chain: the original location on Dupont has welcomed its sister restaurant, Hacienda, down the street and Cantina on Dundas West attracts a more playful crowd than the others. The original Playa Cabana arguably remains the most popular as it tends to be booked up to three weeks in advance.

When we arrived we were told there was room at the bar, which was cramped and situated in perhaps one of the worst places in the venue, serving both as a walkway between two seating areas and a busy spot to eat. The boisterous atmosphere made us feel more at home, however, as as we squeezed onto the bar stools and started going over the drink menu.

There was a good selection of several tequilas at Playa Cabana Cantina, mostly ranging from $6 to $16 with some more expensive vintage liquors, many of the rare bottles on display behind the bar. Featured cocktails included grapefruit-infused margaritas ($9) and classic mojitos ($10) alongside Mexican beer  while many of the non-alcoholic drinks were also authentic: Mexican sodas for $3.50.

The neon lights and grungy decor added volumes to the atmosphere, and the open kitchen in the back featured a playful staff who could be caught dancing to the upbeat reggae and salsa music. Meal prices were pretty standard, ranging from $5 individual tacos to a $24 rib-eye steak served alongside a poblano chile pepper and fresh corn tortillas. All of the Playa Cabana locations pride themselves on fresh ingredients, stating that nothing comes from a bottle or can, and that almost all of the food is locally sourced.

The rotisserie-style, slow cooked chipotle chicken enchilada ($15) paired beautifully with guacamole, sour cream and homemade salsa, while traditional sides of refried black beans and rice rounded out the meal nicely. A cause for concern were the pinto beans re-seared in homemade pork stock-mentioned on the website but not the menu-which may be a concern for vegetarians or those who don't eat red meat. The burrito selection is also poor considering the number and variety of tacos. Of the four burritos on the menu, the street style ($12) come in large portions and the medley of flavours do not disappoint.

Overall, Cantina is a trip worth making. The staff are friendly and attentive, the food is great, and if the neon lights and Mexican decor doesn't convince you that you are in Mexico the tequila certainly helps!
