fL2vdjn-ApNcsVntxtg4Dg Based off the reviews, I really thought that I was going to be stepping into a run-down Motel 6 with muddy carpets and broken slot machines. Boy what a pleasant surprise Fiesta turned out to be.

First off, you'll be hard pressed to find a cheaper spot in Henderson.  By now you should already be expecting that dreaded $9.99 resort fee.  On the plus side, for $30 bucks you get wifi that's good enough to stream non-HD videos (~1Mb/sec).  Internet...check.

On the way up, you'll pass by a decent-sized casino area with a movie theater and eateries like Dennys, Fatburger, and Subway.  Being this far from the strip, It's good to know at least I won't starve to death.  Late night grub...check.

I was here on business, however, so I skipped the casino.  I've got a sensitive nose so a non-smoking room was a must.  I am pleased to announce that even with my hound-like schnoz, the hallway passed the sniffer test with flying colors.  Allergies...check.

Step inside the room and you have, well, your basic room, which looked lifted out of the early 2000's.  Your basic amenities: one CRT TV roughly 27", 2-3 lamps that provided ample lighting, closet, and a restroom.  The beds were made, the restroom was nicer than I had pictured and came with a blow dryer and towels, and the shower didn't get clogged.  Above all, the room was clean.  Functionality...check.

My one complaint: the damn climate control.  It took me a minute or two of fiddling with the high tech central a/c remote before I realized that it wasn't hooked up.  In lieu of it, I discovered a retro wall-mount unit that did the job, perhaps a little too well.  I feel really bad for whoever has to sleep directly next to the blower.  A/C...meh.

So at the end of my stay, my overall impression of Fiesta is a positive one.  It provides excellent bang-for-the-buck, not nearly as ghetto as princess-types make it out to be, and seriously, was anybody really expecting the Cosmo?  Hell, you even get this thing called a "news paper" dropped off at your doorstep every morning.  I have yet to figure out what that is, but rumor has it that old timers enjoy doing crossword puzzles on them.

Great value, check.
