fqMAnoS2sTokz6lqBSmoCw As a Southern California native, born and raised in Los Angeles, I couldn't have been more thrilled when I heard this place was opening. I've been hard pressed to find good, authentic Mexican food in Charlotte besides the taco trucks on South Blvd since I've lived here the last two years. Sadly, I couldn't have been more disappointed after finally eating here this past weekend.

PROS: 
1. Atmosphere is hands down amazing. Probably the best I've experienced in Charlotte. Whoever designed your decor is a visionary. (Except the music, see below)
2. Margarita was decent, but I'm not much of an expert on those.
3. The chips were PERFECT. Good chips at Mexican Restaurants are few and far between. Bravo on the chip front!
4. Server was a nice guy. Very few complaints, except he referred to California as "Cali". Nobody says that there, people. It's "California", "CA", "SoCal", or "NorCal". Cool? Cool.

CONS:
Where do I even begin?? For all the talk of being an authentic SoCal Mexican restaurant, this place fails on so many levels.
1. No complimentary chips and salsa. What?! That's like a staple. This isn't even my worst complaint though. 
2. I read the review about the guac but didn't want to believe it until I had it myself. My husband and I both remarked how it tasted cold, like it was refrigerated. It was creamy like store-bought guac and had like, two little tomatoes in it. No onion. No cilantro. I couldn't even taste lime in it. It wasn't yuck but it wasn't restaurant quality. AUTHENTIC SoCal Mexican restaurants don't pre-make guac and refrigerate, it's made fresh. And the quantity was laughable, see other reviews here for reference. I beg you, Southbound, to start making fresh guac, or be really cool like El Torito and make it fresh at the table. 
3. I agree with other reviewers about the menu, it's confusing and doesn't explain much about what each thing is. I can understand someone not being familiar with this cuisine and being super lost.
4. I was SO excited because I heard that they hand made their tortillas. If you've ever had hand made tortillas, you can tell the difference. Well, I ordered the carne asada platter with the beans. What came out was two lukewarm deconstructed tacos with tortillas that tasted store bought. There was nothing on the meat at all, just a "dash" of pico de gallo. My husband had a ton on his plate so I had to steal some for mine. The carne asada itself was cooked well enough but tasteless and bland. No seasoning or anything, which is shocking considering there being nothing else with the taco. I made due with my beans and the leftover meager serving of guac. If you're trying to mimic street tacos, that was pretty lame.
I still had too much carne asada left on my plate, they give you too much for those tiny little tortillas. 
I agree with another reviewer that said you guys oughta hire someone FROM California to cook. Have you guys actually ever eaten Mexican in SoCal? Like, not just Baja Fresh (fast food Mexican in SoCal). I think I have another review for a place in Orange, CA called Taco Adobe. Best. Mexican. Ever. Take note!
5. The server offered us complimentary coffee, which my husband accepted (I don't drink it, sorry 99% of the world). My husband asked for cream, and the server was basically like "sorry man". Seriously? Y'all offer free coffee without cream? I may not be a coffee drinker, but that's weird to me.
5. Music. OneRepublic was played a couple times while we were there. Nothing against them, but if you're looking for a SoCal vibe, play Sublime, Blink-182, Beach Boys or something. Look up a SoCal playlist on Spotify or Google Play music and play that. Van Morrison was playing as we left, so that was good at least. 

Look. I get this is the soft opening. I put my faith in you guys hoping my home state would be represented well in this place and ya kind of missed the mark. But, I still believe this place can be great. I will come back in a few months and I hope and pray that you take these reviews to heart!
