frCxZS7lPhEnQRJ3UY6m7A La Santisima's been in my bookmark list for some time. I had heard a lot of good things about it and their menu had some items you don't often see such as cochinita pibil and chile en nogada. We got here around brunch time and I decided on the black mole chilaquiles. I love mole and I also love chilaquiles so the combo sounded perfect. The chilaquiles come with your choice of "traditional vegetable," egg, or options for meat such as chicken. I asked the server what vegetables came with the vegetable chilaquiles but there seemed to be a language barrier; he didn't really understand what I was asking him, only saying yes there are vegetables and when I asked again, that it was a popular choice.

When we arrived we were seated promptly by the hostess but it took quite a bit of time for a server to come over and take our orders. So, we had plenty of time (Plenty....) to take in the atmosphere. I love the Dia de Los Muertos theme of the restaurant and the paintings of la Catrina were stunning. We also indulged in the salsa bar which had a plethora of unique options such as sesame, pecan, and peanut salsa. While I appreciate all the variety, most of the salsas to me were just so-so. Either they were too one-dimensional in taste or had an overpowering flavor that was a turn off for me. My favorite of all the ones I tried was the pecan salsa. I normally don't like creamy salsas but I liked the nuanced, nutty flavor combined with rich smooth creaminess. One suggestion would be to list the heat level for all the salsas since some were a lot hotter than others (I think the peanut was the most spicy of the bunch I tried).

Getting our dishes also took quite a bit of time. There was only one other table (A 4-top) that had ordered ahead of us and our meals weren't really that complicated to make. When I received my dish, it looked nice but when I looked at the ingredients I thought, "This is it?" It was a handful of chips, a ton of mole sauce, a small sprinkling of melted cheese and a small portion of black beans. As for the "traditional vegetables", I received a laughable amount of the tiniest pieces of avocado (2 pieces not quite the size of a pinkie finger), and about 4 slivers of red onion. Are they really hurting for money that much they can't spare me more onion at least? Or at least a regular sized piece of avocado? If I had known there was so little in this dish I might have spruced it up by upgrading to adding an egg or chicken. The taste itself was OK. I did enjoy the complex flavors of the mole sauce and the chips tasted good but after a while the dish really needed some extra forms of vegetable (Or bigger portions of them) to balance out all the deep, earthier flavors. The chilaquiles came with 2 buttered slices of baguette which I thought was weird. I've never had crusty bread with chilaquiles before. They tasted good at least.

I did take a bite of another breakfast dish, one with chorizo, hash browns, beans and egg. That one was a huge portion and a lot better.

While I did enjoy the ambiance, my dish was not worth the amount of money I paid for it. Add to that the painfully slow service when it wasn't even that busy I would probably visit another Mexican restaurant in this area over this one.
