G9-O-eRMtgsw_pfWXVCEfQ I can't believe this place is still open, much less my having eaten there out of desperation today; I was in the shopping center, starving, and figured the last time I ate here 3 years ago that it couldn't be that bad... well, was I ever wrong. 3 years ago I had a hard time figuring out what to order because I'd never been there and all I remember is wanting to avoid any of the 'wonder-meat' sitting in the steamer.  I just got a taco salad, and it wasn't very good.

ANYTHING you order here (other than what came out of a can) is pure slop. Any meal will be swimming in soupy stuff because one look at their meat and ALL of it's literally swimming in liquid. The guy behind the counter continually kept stirring each bucket of meat, which looked like soup, as though stirring it would keep it fresh.  When you choose a meat, a spoon/strainer combo's used in order to minimize the water you get with your meat.  Once you get your platter of gruel and sit down, as you eat, your plate's just swimming in soupy crap left over from all the meat being steamed all damned day. The menu is so limited that you just stand there wondering WTF to order - it all looks the same, probably because it IS all the same:  TOTAL SLOP.  Like I said, it's just mind boggling how this place does ANY business much less how it stays in business.  But hey, they CATER!

This place honestly makes Taco Bell look like a family owned 5-star restaurant.  Do yourselves a HUGE favor and never ever eat here.  If you do eat here after reading this, the ol' phrase "I told you so" will be spinning around your head, and you'll feel like a total idiot to boot.

The only positives I can say about Taco Del Mar is:

- the guy working behind the counter was nice as nice could be; and
- the fresh vegetables (lettuce, Pico de Gallo etc) were in fact, fresh.

Just don't get anything with meat in it -or- if you want meat, ask the server to put it in a separate bowl so you don't wind up with half a cup of brother (or whatever) mixed in with the rest of the slop.

I think this place would serve the local restaurant community best if it was kept around to show others how NOT to run a food business -- if you find yourself needing to get some shopping done at Fresh 'n Easy or a Brazilian wax job next door, atop in Taco Del Mar and take a good look around.  Once you've looked the menu over and get a good gander at the meat behind the glass, ask yourself how in the world this place has stayed open as long as it has... commercial property around there ain't cheap by any stretch, so I just can't figure it out.  There sure aren't a whole lot of Yelp reviews, I think once people do find their way to Taco Del Mar and decide to grab something to eat, maybe once they're finished eating they know they will never return so it's not worth Yelping about.
