GC5wcui5uejRZTi8OCNPkQ Well...
We used to come here frequently... But we will not go back :( and here is why :(

It was the day before National Margarita day and I thought it was Margarita day. 
I wanted to get a special sugar skull tequila bottle the one that they posted on their FB page.

We were seated after the hostess took our last name, why I'm not sure the place was empty. We were dining early at about 5pm.

The server after about 20 minutes came to our table and took our drink orders a draft beer and a margarita and two waters. I joyfully mentioned the National Margarita thing and he said "YES IT IS!" no mention of the promo...and then he left the table...no eye contact the whole time...hmmm...oh well. (really the whole time NMD was really the next day, come to find out, I misread the FB post)

Soooooo....after about 25 minutes he finally came back with our drinks and no waters. I asked him for the waters and he said "I'll be right back." Again no waters until the bus boy brought them for us.

Soo the whole time we knew what we wanted to order. Just combo Fajitas. That's it. I eat the grilled veggies and hubby fixes them the regular way. We eventually got to order with him and he seemed annoyed. 

An hour later...yes an hour later...hubby was getting hungry and I suddently noticed the table who sat down at the same time as us were getting their check. And also the fact of the FOUR tables who sat down after us already had their food. Ummm...

Our server was no where to be seen. My drink was gone and he had never checked on us. So I flagged down another busser and asked for a manager. Then our server comes flying to our table. I started to ask him to check on our food and HE ROLLED HIS EYES AT ME AND WALKED OFF TO THE KITCHEN. 
He eventually comes back and says the manager is coming.

The female manager said there was an issue and they are making our food. Twenty seconds later it comes out in to go boxes................telling her my hubby already left and does not want the food she said "I just had them re-fire it and it's ready to go."

SERIOUSLY?!?!?!?!? I asked her if she really thinks I believe its not the same original food and that we were afraid of some weird sabotage at this point. (since the server was soo rude) She said things like that WOULD NEVER happen there and yes they did remake it.....ummmmmm they remade Fajitas in 30 seconds.....did they come from the microwave?

Whatever, I wanted out of there. I did not get either of their names because they never introduced themselves nor offered to make it right. She did comp our drinks but that's not the point. I offered SEVERAL times to just pay for them and not to take the "to go" order. Why would they think we wanted it to go?

Anyway..Silverton...It's close to us and we have NEVER had an issue at Twin Creeks dining...as for Mi Casa...honestly we will never be back. 

I really hope the GM reads this and asks his female sup or manager that was working why she may or may not have axed the rude server...horrible and sad.
