gEv1Og5uGDLw9HkbKSGUZw Food was average and nothing special.  I've had better tacos at other modern type of places as well as traditional Mexican taco joints throughout Toronto.  Despite this, we were having a good time until dinner traffic starting showing up, which looked like a clubbing crowd.

We seated at a table by the front.  A female from a group group asked to have one of our chairs because her high heels were killing her feet...okay I let her have a chair...

Then, another group of three immature bratty females blondes from the "East Coast", as they told us, whom obviously have no class and weren't parented properly decided it was proper etiquette to drink at our table by leaning and putting their drinks on it (yes they were practically at our table having their drinks!!!!).  We told them that it wasn't normal to be at someone else's table and like a pack of wolves, these girls immediately verbally abused and yelled at us, as well as insulted my friend's outfit because they're insecure and have no class or disregard to appropriate manners, and one had the nerve to touch my shoulder with her hand as she walked by.  When we tried to ignore them, they kept interrupting us at our table still!  Two nearby tables witnessed it all.  I immediately walked up and complained to James, the Manager whom was very nice and professional throughout the night, but I think he was new and kept having to check with a Female Manager whenever I had a question and for this incident it was no different.  The girls escalated so I informed James again as nothing was done and eventually, the Female Manager came and talked to them for 5-10 minutes and showed them to a table and although James came to apologize, the Female Manager didn't come by to apologize until after quite some time passed by.  We were told that the girls were already upset that they had to wait for a table and then were told they could wait anywhere by the Hostess and when they waited at our table LOL, they had enough.  I was not happy with the Restaurant's decision to do this although James apologized and took care of our bill, it would have been better if the horrible customers weren't seated.  Seriously, what kind of customers goes to restaurants and verbally yell and touch other customers when they're being idiots and get seated?  Seriously, I should have walked out and called the police and perhaps their parents would finally realize what sort of children they raised.

After careful thought about my experience, I suggest restaurant management improve on how to handle terrible abusive clientele!!!!  I will never return to this restaurant and will not consider bringing clients here either.
