gOBxVkHpqtjRRxHBIrpnMA Chipotle. Where do I even begin? 

I've been raving about Chipotle for years! I kept telling my BFF (who lives in Toronto) that he is seriously missing out on life.  Because a life without Chipotle is no life at all.

During my most recent visit to Toronto (Jan 3-8), we were walking outside the Eaton Center and what do I notice?! A CHIPOTLE! HUH?! Where did this come from?!  So of course I insist we go there for dinner.  Oh, man. I was soooo freakin' excited. Finally, I get to share this love of mine with my bestie.

We go in and I explain how it works.  You get in line and tell the person behind the counter what you want (tacos, burrito, burrito bowl or salad). Then you choose your meat then all your toppings (free, with the exception of guacamole).  I always get a burrito bowl. With 1/2 steak and 1/2 chicken. Fresh tomato salsa, a little bit of red tomatillo, lots of corn, cheese, lettuce, and a side of chips. But wait! There was no fresh tomato salsa...or corn... or lettuce! What the heck. I seriously felt sad because my measly-looking burrito bowl was pathetic! Rice, meat, tad of red tomatillo and cheese.  LAME.  When we pay, I ask the cashier why they were missing so many ingredients and she says that their supplier was lacking in their delivery...

Okay, so seriously, we sit down in the crowded seating area and I dive into my burrito bowl.  It really couldn't really be that bad... afterall, the essential ingredients were still there... right?  Wrong, it was still bad. The chicken was BURNT and dry.  The thing just didn't taste the same without lettuce, tomato or corn.  Call me picky, but I was utterly disappointed.  My BFF, who got a burnt chicken burrito, said his was too spicy.  

So... after years of hyping up Chipotle to my bestie, I felt embarassed having said I was addicted to Chipotle. I guess I can't really blame them for the issue with their supplier... but come on... serving burnt chicken?!  That's just wrong!  You could clearly see it was charred on the edges and dry!  They should know better.

Will I return to Chipotle? Yes... in fact, I had my usual for lunch today (YUM! Just the way I like it).  Will I return to the one on Yonge St. next time I visit Toronto? Not likely.
