gOpOoZgrF2shRLCBBzO3Mw Ok. This is a tough review for me to write. It is possible that my expectations were a little too high for this little shack so many seem to enjoy. In considering a quick bite to eat I recommended we check it out since it's been on our list for a while. 

Unfortunately, it did not make the cut. I have stressed that I want to go back and maybe going in about 40 minutes before they closed was a bad idea. It was all simple enough, there were only a few dining when we got there so the wait wasn't exceedingly long even though I had read they offer the ability to order ahead. 

My guy went with the Carne Tacos, I had the sm Veggie Burrito. Now, I am not a vegetarian by any means but I certainly lean heavier toward veggies than meat most of the time. The genetleman in the window asked if we would like hot or mild sauce we responded that we would like both. It's tough to know which you like when it is a first try.... Well, we got both, one of each for both of us. I know sometimes I like to douce my things in mild sauce and then top them with hot. Well, I was now sharing my sauces with my man who had two of his one tacos and well luckily I had the smaller burrito otherwise there wouldn't have been any sauce. It did indicate there was cheese.... where? where is the cheese? there's cheese on this thing? was it melted into the rice and guac? If it was there was no taste of it no sign of it nothing. Admittedly, there wasn't much flavor to any of it. Neither plate. My tortilla was cold. Like just pulled out of the refrigerator cold. Maybe that is the way they serve them? However, my guys tacos were cold and wet. I think perhaps they made his before mine or they weren't really made to order and had been sitting there. He mentioned they were cold and wet, it appeared cold and wet. Mine was cold, apart from the rice in side. I liked the broccoli and carrots but may have chosen a different item had I known the steamed veggies were just broccoli and carrot. I don't know, it was just and overall underwhelming experience. I overheard a customer who may have been familiar recommend the California burrito to her friend. This was what I had been eyeballing and decided that my veggie burrito might have a delicious blend of something sort of Mexican like in it maybe some bell peppers or onions but nope. 

As I said, I may have just really wanted a melt in your mouth experience so that I could bulk up all round and cozy for winter, living off of burritos. That was not the outcome. So, when we have time and they're open, we will give it another shot. Not anything we are likely to go out of our way for. May have been a bad day but they had like 20 people behind the glass and could have pushed out some bomb food with all of that help.
