GrwvBAEALujIOPQeOfN1vA Now that I have been here, I went back and read some of the negative reviews, and this place has caused me to adopt a new practice - read bad reviews first!! This place a common thread of rude waiters that disappear and being very dirty (some fun stories there about the owner too, although we apparently lucked out by not crossing his path).  Our experience was not much different......

 I will start with saying the food was pretty good, and although I didn't drink, the rest of my group (6 of us) enjoyed their drinks as well.  The restaurant has a nice feel to it, and looked like they had pretty good business.  Unfortunately, that is where the positive ends.  In the middle of our table was a condiment plate, and a stack of small plates (for chips and salsa).  We had to send the entire stack back, as EVERY single plate was dirty.  As we unraveled our silverware, we had to send two sets of those back as well for being dirty! YUCK!!  We waited quite a bit to order, but we were in good conversation, and I could say the waiter showed good tact in letting us talk and we snuck in an appetizer order and our entree order a few minutes later.  The food came out fast...in fact, so fast, that the appetizers came out with the meal.  Not only is that terrible service, but we literally could not fit everything on the table and had to give up things we were still working on just to make room, and maneuvering around everything made the appetizers nearly impossible to get to, and they went virtually untouched.  We made comments to the waiter hinting that the timing was bad and we would like to enjoy our appetizers, and his only response was "yeah, that one does take a little longer." REALLY?! Do your job and control your food order!!!  The manager helped bring out the last of the food, and I finally mentioned everything that had gone wrong so far.  She apologized for the experience and admitted that there is simply no excuse for so much being dirty and said she would "do something on our bill to compensate for the inconvenience" (she took off the appetizers we barely had a chance to touch).  After we made a complaint, our waiter was virtually non-existent and we were asking for things (like drinks) multiple times till we got them. 

Final Scores
Food - B
Drinks - B (two people got same drink tasted totally different both enjoyed though)
Service - F
Cleanliness - F
Management - D
Hostesses - A (showed up 30 minutes early to reservation and were sat immediately) Their phone etiquette was great.

Sorry in my book, terrible service and dirty dishes are reasons to leave and never come back, I don't care about comped items, but we were pretty much neglected by the manager and the server the rest of the night...that is the complete opposite of how you should treat a customer with that kind of experience...cause guess what?? THEY GO TO YELP AND SHARE IT WITH THE WORLD!!!!
