Gy_XiWqkJM8JMaKk_sgXOw The first time I tried La Canasta Capitolio was a couple of years ago and I will say I was a huge fan of the fish tacos. I'm always a little weary when I order fish tacos and realize they aren't fried in a large vat of fatty deliciousness but on occasion, grilled fish tacos are good too. I was pleasantly surprised by the spiciness and flavor... the first time. 

Time went on and I thought about these fish tacos with every intention on writing a yelp review but life happened.  School, work, errands, pets destroying the things I love, it was all just a little much and I eventually forgot about the duty I have to spread the word of great fish tacos. 

But I tried it again today. All the memories came rushing back as I approached the front door. I walked in and was immediately halted by the line of approximately 10 people. I ordered my food for pick-up but as there was no dedicated "pick up orders" sign I was unsure what to do. Wait in such a long line for a pick-up? That seems silly. After asking a customer who had no idea but kindly offered to save my spot as I journeyed up to the front of the line to inquire as to the proper procedure, I found out that indeed the second counter was for pick-ups. Yay for this. 

I got my fish tacos and they were okay; it wasn't the great experience I had on my first venture but I am sure there will be many more to come. The other reviews seem a little all over the place so I made a decision to write a review immediately after my consumption. Unfortunately, I do not think I'm adding to the clarity on the matter. Like others said, it is okay food, a little pricey, and it seems like they try to nickel and dime you with the extras. 

In conclusion it's okay food at a slightly above average price. I assume the folks here are gravely overestimating the salary of government employees (and us worse off poor interns), probably because the location will keep people coming in. That or they are trying to control the rush by charging a little more. I probably won't eat here on days I drive, but days I take the bus and need a quick bite within walking distance, I would not hesitate to go back. 

P.S. The bean tostada was delicious both times and quite consistent in quality.
