h9pEt23IAyjBtUaYA9v46A This place is LEGIT!  Every single bite was a party in my mouth!!  ...and it was just Mexican food.  No joke!  These guys aren't your typical cooks, they cook like Chefs and were so attentive.

I'm in the area a lot.  Thanks to fellow Yelpers, my family and I were able to enjoy - hands down - the BEST TACOS IN PHOENIX.  I would've never stopped by this restaurant but was craving some authentic Mexican food; and that it was.

I expected a small Menu but it actually was quite difficult to make up our minds on one single entrée. I wanted to try each of the tacos, so I had an order of 5 tacos... (shredded beef) Barbacoa, (beef) Asada, (pork) al Pastor, Chipotle Chicken, and Green Chilli Beef.  WOWZA!  Every single bite was full of flavor!  They were topped with onion, cilantro, and purple cabbage; served with a side of limes.  I didn't have to add anything.  As I ate my food, I could tell that someone had specialized in sauces.  None of the tacos tasted alike, almost as if a different cook had prepared each one.  My favorite was the Asada tacos but holy moly, I was the most surprised by the Green Chilli Beef tacos.  If you enjoy a mix of flavor, spice and a good kick of spicy all in one mouthwatering bite, try their Green Chilli Beef tacos.  The tortillas were good too; toasted and crispy edges.    

All their food was served eloquently; including their dessert!  We ordered three churros, served warm and stuffed cream, coated with sugar, and drizzled with chocolate.  Unfortunately, they were soooo good that there was no time for a photo op - sorry!!   

As for drinks, we ordered their "aguas" (naturally flavored juices) and their Jamaica was strong!  Very rich in flavor, probably the most potent flavor (infusion of dried red hibiscus) I've ever tried, not even homemade.  We also ordered their Horchata, and that was flavorful too.         

We had kids with us....ages 3-14.  We weren't sure how they were going to handle any of the typical spices in Mexican food.  They were kind enough to have us taste the Chipotle chicken but also offered to prep their tacos with their "plain chicken."  It wasn't plain at all, the "plain chicken" had a lot of flavor and they didn't leave anything behind. 

By the way, they also have Asian bowls! Orange chicken, Teriyaki chicken, and one that they've named Kunfu Dragon bowl.  After speaking to one of the cooks and asking them about their strong homemade flavors, he told us that they had over 20 yrs experience working with Japanese food and the reason they took pride in seasoning their food so well and serving it eloquently.  We will be trying that on our next visit.   

Inside the restaurant, everything is colorful and inviting.  Spacious, clean and SPOTLESS!  The only downside to this location is that their restroom is in the back of the building at this time.  For our safety, the back gate is locked but they will unlock it for you to come inside and use it.  Sounds like they're remodeling that part of the restaurant.    

It is hidden in a stand-alone but odd location.  It sits in the middle of three independent car shops and a housing community.  It is directly across from Baskin Robins, (the Family Dollar shopping center) so that will help if you're looking for it.  It is the smallest but most colorful building on the block; southwest of 75th Ave & Indian School Rd.  They've only been there for 5 or 6 months and based on their traffic when we were there, people don't know of this hidden gem!  You won't regret it and you WILL BE BACK!  

Their most recent sanitary inspection is posted, taking place on 08/17/2016; with an "A" rating.  

They have a Drive-thru too!
