hJNjKc4sKgWG__KitlJ1ag It probably isnt fair for someone from the west coast of the US to rate a Mexican restaurant in Scotland...

... but I am going to anyway.

After living in the UK for 3+ years and having constant, massive Mexican cravings, I have recently taken my Mexican Mission to Edinburgh. After searching around, Viva Mexico seemed to have some of the best reviews, so off we went! The location is dubious as it is just off the Royal Mile and makes you think it cant possibly good, but happily this is not a problem.

The ambiance is very nice, lots of lovely 'authentic' Mexican decor and the servers were very friendly. Happy to say there was a good selection of drinks, including Mexican beer, sangria, and margaritas. Sangria was very good, with the proper amount of fruit, etc. 

We started with some appetizers. The boy had a set of three mini-tacos which he was very happy with. That is surprising as he is very difficult to please when it comes to Mexican. I had the ceviche, which was good, though it was a bit different than any I have had before. Unlike another reviewer, I wish the chunks of fish were bigger so I could distinguish them, and the reddish sauce sort of threw me off, but otherwise a very acceptable ceviche. 

For mains the boy had a something grande and I had a shredded beef burrito. The Grande said it was supposed to come smothered in melted cheese, but didnt. Otherwise it was good, though not amazing. The burrito was good. You could tell the meat was good quality and slow-cooked, and it was fairly big.

Overall, a very acceptable Mexican experience. Definitely satisfied the cravings for a bit. Wasnt the best Mexican I have had, but very good for the UK. I am with others who say it is weird to give free salsa, but not chips. Also, overall the meal was very expensive for Mexican. Maybe we are spoiled by our American roots, as I kept thinking how I could get an amazing, massive burrito in California for $2. Though it was good, I think this would have to be only an occasional treat as the prices make it difficult to justify anything else.
