HpK1ILGUm5W129toiRSsXw This review is not about the food, it is about the horrible, vulgar treatment from an employee.  My boyfriend has lived in Henderson and frequents his location pretty much weekly.  Two of our kids and I arrived at 1152pm to order food. I was told they were open 24 hours( they close at midnight).  When we arrived they had cleaned the grill and looked a little irritated that we were ordering. I apologized for coming in so late and thanked them for preparing our order Nonetheless they took our order and we're preparing our meals. We had just landed at the airport after 3 weeks of visiting my ill father in law who passed away this week.  The only female worker at the time was irritated as she was sweeping and cleaning up mumbling to her coworkers in Spanish how she couldn't finish or lock up because we were there. When our order was ready we went to the counter to pick up food. I told the gentleman thank you and before leaving the counter I said oh is the salsa in the bag?  Obviously this irritated the "lady" as she stopped sweeping and said why didn't you ask for it earlier we already put it away. No there's no salsa. I replied no salsa?  She replies you people. We already made your order and you couldn't ask for salsa.  Now excuse my error here but I wasn't asking for additional food to be cooked I was asking for a condiment. Which was put away before I got there. See I went and got a drink and the salsa bar was empty except for the carrots so there wasn't self serve available. I explained this to the lady and she replied it doesn't matter no, no salsa.  The gentleman at the counter went to get some which took all of about a minute. She tells him just give her the damn salsa. She then tells me we are here past closing time because of you people. I asked for the owners name and she refused to give it to me saying he's not here so oh well that's your problem. I told her I would like the owners name and phone number as well as your name. She replied too bad you're not going to get it.  She finally told the cashier to give me a business menu.  Then proceeded to tell me you people ( again with the you people) come in here and threaten the staff by wanting to speak to the owner. We are here past work hours and unlike you we don't get paid past midnight. She also stated there were cameras and that she was a 14 year employee and good luck getting her in trouble. I replied to her I could not believe she could be an employee there that long with that attitude. I explained the situation as she was doing this in front of my kids and told her I would contact management so they could review these tapes.  She began shouting again I have witnesses. You damn white people with your attitudes.  I never realized requesting a condiment was an entitlement especially since I paid for my order.  This continued with her coming out of the front door while I was in my car backing out telling me to kiss her ass. I am requesting that management contact me as I will be looking into some some of resolve since that's what " you people do". Also I am curious as to her comment that they do not receive additional pay for staying past midnight?  Isn't that a violation ??? Sadly I don't think I would ever come back to this location because I am not willing to spend my money supporting such horrible behavior. The food is good, the value is good and the other employees were just fine and without issues.  This female really needs to be terminated immediately.
