hRZadfm7OEOzk0qjuk8BXg *****HAPPY HOUR REVIEW ONLY*****

My friend and I were happy hour hopping in Tivoli and decided to come in and try their happy hour specials (starts at 4pm). It is definitely a beautiful restaurant with pretty outdoor seating. We obviously sat in the bar at the high top tables and all of their bar plates were half off. They provided complimentary chips and salsa, which was SUPER SUPER GOOD!! The chips were so light and airy since the were crispy instead of crunchy like regular salsa chips. They gave you two different salsas and my favorite was the darker hued one (sorry I don't know the name) It Was even better with guacamole to thicken it. 

We ordered the Ahi tuna tacos for $4.50, the flat bread "de camarones" (shrimp, pineapple, goat cheese, and bbq chipotle sauce) for $5.50, and the crab cakes for $5.50. Everything came out 3-5 minutes later (which could also be a bad sign). My favorite was the shrimp flat bread! The twist with pineapple, goat cheese, and bbq sauce was AMAZING! Definitely a staple dish that I will always order! Unfortunately, it was the only great dish out of the three. The tuna tacos were underwhelming because the tuna had no seasoned flavor. It was very watery versus being juicy. The guacamole that came with it was not as flavorful as it should be either, so we mixed it with the salsa. I may try it again just to see if we caught it on a bad day or I will try the mahi mahi tacos next time.

The most unsatisfying, disappointing, unappetizing dish was the CRAB CAKES!! Simply the worst!!!! We couldn't even finish them and it was only three! The cake batter was mushy in the inside and hard on the outside. It had that OLD frying grease taste and the crab pretty much sucked. I will not be giving this dish a second chance. It was just too horrible and NOT WORTH $5.50 (Originally $11!!!). It wasn't even worth the price of a item on a fast food dollar menu. And only three cakes at that! Never again! At least the tuna seemed like it had potential to be saved, but the crab cakes were just hopeless and overpriced for what you get!

Service was good, but not overly amazing. She gave us to-go bags for the chips. Yes, they were THAT GOOD! 

Overall I will go back to order off their happy hour menu. The four star rating is for the flatbread, wine (the Riesling was quite good and I love their wine glasses), complimentary chips & salsa, service, and the ambiance/decor (even though half our dishes were not appealing thus minus one star). I like the ambiance both inside and outside. I will return, but I want to try more dishes before I say it's a hit! As of now it is worth stopping by for a drink and bar appetizers out of all the restaurants, including Brio. The complimentary chips and salsa will fill you up if you only enjoy one dish. They are not stingy with chips and salsa! If your frequent to Brios happy hour, try this place and get the shrimp flatbread and others. But PASS ON THE CRAB CAKES unless you feel lucky.
