HshPHJ-OJ0rpVR-okV55Rg I ordered lunch for everyone at my office. I arrived at the drive-thru but somehow the drive-thru isn't really a drive-thru. Let me explain. There is no menu board nor a speaker to talk to. It's just a window. That makes no sense, right? So I decided to just park and go inside to pick up my food. I ordered my food and was about to leave when I looked in my bag and there were no tortilla chips. The employee was giving out free tortilla chips to the ones dining in at the restaurant. So I ask if I could have a small bag of chips. I was told that I would have to pay a fee for the chips if it was a take-out order. What is up with that?! So I reluctantly pay because you got to have chips with a Mexican meal. It's just tradition! On my way to the office, I noticed the bag sitting on my car seat was drenched with fatty oil that it soaked THROUGH the bag onto my leather car seats. Gross! So I arrive at the office and we all started to eat our lunch and we realized that the restaurant must be using lard because the flavor of the fat was so strong and distinct. Someone had ordered a chorizo burrito and the chorizo was completely burnt. My chimichanga was drenched with some red sauce. The spices in the sauce (cumin) was so strong, that it overpowered all other flavors. I could not eat it. Someone had tacos and they were dripping with fat. At this point, we all decided to throw the food away. It was not edible. I wish I would have not wasted my $35 dollars here and I could have donated my money to charity. A complete WASTE.

Don't listen to the other reviews exclaiming how great the food is. I've been living in Phoenix for over 30 years and have NEVER experienced such disgusting Mexican food. Don't bother wasting your hard earned money here.

If I could, I would give this place ZERO STARS. The only thing going for this place is the decor, but who cares about that if the place serves disappointing food. I know good Mexican food and this is just not it. I would rather eat at a taco stand in down town Phoenix than this place. STAY AWAY!
