hvjgF-vnPw2jyL5DBuB0qg I'm a Montrealer who's eaten at many of the city's top restaurants over the years. But for some reason, I never got to Garde Manger. I tried, on occasion to make a reservation online but it was always booked months in advance. I finally got a reservation for this past Friday. We arrived a bit early and we're seated in the back part of the restaurant right away. I was surprised to see such limited choice on the blackboard menu, which, by the way was practically impossible to read from where we were sitting. In either case, no single appetizer or entre jumped out at us. So we went with the chef's menu to get a taste of everything. This came with a variety shellfish including shrimps, lobster, oysters plus smoked arctic char and albacore tuna tartar. The char and tartar were excellent. The rest of the seafood platter was fine...how hard is it to screw up boiled shrimp and lobster? At $100 per person, I was expecting to be wow'd in the subsequent courses. I wasn't. Not saying it wasn't good but I expected more, especially given Garde Manger and chef Hughe's reputation. Second course included a birri tomato salad with focaccia cheese, a spicy zucchini salad with a deep fried zucchini with cheese and finally some beef carpaccio. It was good but didn't blow me away. The final course included scallops with pork belly and corn, pork tenderloin with jalapeño grits and spaetzle with mushrooms and onions. The pork and scallops were very good and I didn't really care for the spaetzle.

Overall, I would say it was OK but nothing to rave about. Honestly, I don't understand the fuss over this place. This is comfort food. It's also a laid back place with patrons in t-shirts, shorts and flip-flops. I was expecting a more refined and sophisticated culinary experience. Frankly, I expect more for $350 (2 people including 2 cocktails and a glass of wine each). The waitress was very nice and knowledgeable. Now that I've experienced Garde Manger, I won't be sorry if I don't go back for a while. I think there are plenty of other restaurants in Montreal that can offer superior, more refined food for the same money.
