0fyxLMASE5bfYAgW6MYM_g Stopped in with my Mother-in-Law on a Tuesday around 11:15 for a quick lunch. We opted to sit in the bar area, I estimate 8 people sharing the space, 2 sitting at the bar with everyone else at booths surrounding it. Quickly we decided to just share a cheese crisp. We order from the bartender. 2 ice teas and the cheese crisp. She brings our drinks along with chips and salsa.

Chips were ok, nothing special and lacking salt. Salsa was fairly fresh but the hot and mild even though they looked different they tasted exactly the same. After about 10 minutes bartender dropped off our cheese crisp. I was a little surprised. One, it was served on a dinner plate, unlike most area Mexican restaurants where they serve on a large silver platter. Even though it was small in size but for the $5 and change price it was fine for us to share for lunch. Two, it was cold, the cheese (what little there was, it did not even cover the tortilla in spots and I don't mean the edges, I mean the middle) was no longer melted but had solidified. And the tortilla was extremely hard. Even though we could see the cut marks where the individual slices should have been we had to break small pieces off to eat. When we tried to cut through it broke in tiny pieces and the tortilla turned to crumbs.

Our waitress/ bartender never came back to our table. Never came back to refill our teas, never came back to see if our food was to our satisfaction, never came back to see if we wanted to order anything else. We sat there with our plates and table wear and our empty glasses at the end of our table for a good 15 minutes after finishing before she came to give us our bill. Maybe our service suffered because our check was only $12 and figured her tip wasn't going to be much. But how did she know if we wanted to share a dessert? Didn't even ask. 

Along with the below average food and nonexistent service I would probably never go back to Top Shelf, how do you mess up a cheese crisp! With so many dining options in the Arrowhead area I suggest you pass up Top Shelf unless you are desperate.
