i2YFMkIMqstA9GxUkcigYw Do Taco Jedis work at Senor Taco? 

Yes. Yes they do.

Is the force of making killer fast Mexican food strong with these Jedis? 

Oh hell yeah!

Try the shredded beef tacos in the hard shells. When they ask you if you want hot sauce, say 'si' and drizzle it mightily onto the tacos. Piled cheese, beef, lettuce, tomatoes all stuffed into an authentic-style taco shell - it doesn't get any better than this. Just make sure you put a helmet on because it's crazy good.

If you like spicy, no-nonsense burritos, go with the Carne Asada Burrito (Red Chile).

If you like the whole meal, go with the Carne Asada or Pollo Asado burrito combo plates. The plate comes with flour tortillas, beans and rice, guacamole and salsa fresca. You make your own burritos. This is just good eatin'. Take it home, crack open a good Hefeweizen, and you are golden.

And lastly, from the sage words of my wife: "The shrimp tacos and burritos are certified gourmet meals!" Do I stutter? Nope.

While Senor Taco is technically 'fast food' it does take some time to prepare. If you do drive-thru don't get all road ragey if it takes longer than it does at Taco Bell. There is a price to pay to make good food and that price is TIME. This is not a worldwide chain that spends more on advertising and earning your business by putting cute little dogs on plastic mugs. Senor Taco is not that type of place. A little wait is very much worth it.

I realize that appearance of the location irks some reviewers. Yes, it is in a strip mall. Yes it is 100-150 feet away from a gas station slash AM/PM mini market. I get that. But this is not Sanctuary. This is not Kai. This is not Deseo. When one reviewer (and I use the word 'reviewer' loosely here) hilariously claims to have walked in, used his Superman vision to supposedly spot a family of offending microbes and (without trying the food) proceeded to sprint out because he was frightened of all the imagined cooties ... well... I just have to laugh. That's not a review, it's a drive-by, and reviewers like this are probably happier with Hometown Buffet or Luby's Cafeteria. And that's too bad because this is excellent fast food.

I've eaten here maybe 15-20 times and my wife has ordered the fish taco plate a number of times and neither of us has ever gotten sick. The people at Senor Taco are nice, the food pleasantly surprises and your expectation of fast Mexican food will be forever changed for the better. I can't recommend highly enough.
