i4QxkI-oZgFLD_dShF4F7g Some quick facts off the gate:

*I am not Mexican but lived in Mexico for a few years. 

*The mother of one of my best friends used to own this joint about 20 years ago. 

*One of the cooks bought the place about 15 years ago, changed the name and turned it into a Mexican place. I have no idea what happened after that. 

*If you have sat on the patio, then you sat on the same spot where I spent many an afternoon playing fútbol. (!) 

Okay. Now that we are past that, remember, Mexican food is a very simple, delicious, peasant food. So in Canada it is generally ill advised to open an "Authentic Mexican Restaurant" because if you do, chances are you will find yourself out of business faster than you can say 'A mi me encanta el tequila!' 

Why? Because Westernized tastes clash with the concept behind Mexican cuisine. Canadians (and to a greater extend Americans) like to "have more" put into their food. For example, did you know that a real burrito is just beef and re-fried beans in a soft taco? That's it. That is a true and authentic Mexican dish. Now go to any so-called Mexican restaurants in Toronto and try find a burrito that has just that. You won't find it. Unless it was a tiny locals-only-hole-in-the-wall-pick-up-food-joint, since they would have to in order to keep prices low.

Why? 
A-) Canadians think Tex-Mex food is Mexican food. Which is not.  
B-) Canadians won't buy just a burrito. They expect their dishes to be "filling" or "bigger," so restaurants are forced to add filler items like lettuce, cheese (?!), rice, salsa, avocado which are not authentic, in order to trick you into buying it, thus reinforcing point A-)
C-) Even if they sold the authentic burrito, the fair price point would be too low to make it a viable business model. Since they are so cheap to make. Why are they so cheap? Because they are peasant food. 

So, all Mexican restaurants in Toronto are lying to you because they want to sell you a simile of Mexican food and stay in business so they can send their kids to university. 

Now El Rincon is more or less authentic, although unfortunately leaning 'less' on the Authentic and 'more' on the Tex-Mex part. But they have to since in order to try to keep it semi-authentic, they have to raise their profit margins in order to pay their rent. Is the food good? Yes, it's alright. After all the real secret of Mexican food is in the sauces. The main dishes can sometimes be kind of bland. 

The decor looks like an authentic Mexican restaurant in a touristy area of Mexico and  the patio is a nice place to hang out at. I sat there a while ago and service was a bit on the slow but I did not mind. 

Also, as an FYI, I too can make you their Ceviche Veracruzano ($21.95) but for that price, I could make you enough to serve at least 3 people. There is that high-margin thing again.
Is it fair?

Well, you are paying to get out of the house and to try some semi-authentic Mexican food, no? Sometimes just not having to cook and having it brought to you is worth the price of admission. But don't be too surprised when you pay $13(!?) for two flautas. Seriously??! 

Personally, when I go to restaurants, I try to not pick the ones I can easily make the same dishes at home for about half the price.
