iBlQvqiy5Rg2h-y9TS1yOA So I have to say that since my last review of The Matador, immediately thereafter I received a genuine response from the manager with willingness to correct my experience as well as a follow up with his staff with different expectations.  He did invite us back but we never made it in to meet him.  While the restaurant was still on my mind, a few months later I reached out to the manager Ken to see if he would be interested in hosting my work group event.  Because of his genuine response to my previous review,  I had thought  that this would be a good opportunity to reconnect and I believed he would make this a good experience for us.  So I set up my event with him for 60-65 people that actually took place here in the last week.

Our event was properly staffed, the food was refreshed immediately as the trays got low, and none of my guests waited long for their drinks.  Dalia and the servers were personable and super efficient.  They all worked well together.  We were lucky to have the whole patio to ourselves as well as an overflow inside which we didn't end up needing.  For 5pm the weather was amazing and the sun was just over the building leaving the patio with the perfect shading.  The setting and ambiance was perfect for our group.

Chef Andrew provided the food in a buffet style presentation.  The food was bursting with huge bold flavors and every item was spot on.  It was so nice to have the Chef close by making sure there were no issues.  You could tell he took pride in his job and his food....a class act.  The food we ordered for our buffet   (happy hour - munchies) was as follows:  Braised Beef & Shredded Chicken tacos to assemble yourself (I'm still dreaming of them-YUM), ancho-chile wings (my favorite), stuffed mushrooms, grilled stuffed jalepeno poppers wrapped in bacon (hello) and nachos.  All were served with an assortment of condiments on the side - sour cream, salsas, guacamole etc.  For drinks they provided me with drink tickets to give to our guests and accommodated our need to keep $8 max per ticket.  At the end of the night they gave me the drink tickets with the actual cost listed on each ticket so I knew how I was charged for the drinks in the end, unexpected but appreciated.

From beginning to end we had not even one issue.  I would highly recommend this restaurant for group settings as well as visiting for dinner or their happy hour (one of my favorites HH).  Like I said before, you will not be disappointed in their food and their service.  Their manager Ken was THE best.  I truly felt everything was handled and he made the experience less stressful on me.  He was there every minute to make sure everything went smoothly, not to mention the several emails back and forth previous to the event.  I'm so thankful for Ken and his team and their exceptional service and outstanding food.  It made for a special night and my guests were happy-which was the overall goal.  Success!!
