iBlQvqiy5Rg2h-y9TS1yOA This is one of the worst dining experiences I've had in a while. Literally, from the moment I arrived, it started to go down hill. And, just. Kept. Snowballing.

I was meeting friends for dinner at 630p for their promo of bottomless street tacos and margaritas for $25. I was a bit early, so I went to the bar for a drink. I explained to the bartender that I was meeting friends, but I was early. I ordered a Sangria. And, when she served it to me I tried to give her my card because I knew my dining companions were on their way, I knew I wouldn't be drinking a 2nd drink at the bar, and I knew it would slow things down to have to pay my bar tab when it was time to be seated. She refused and told me she'd start a tab. I said I didn't want to do that and again tried to hand her my card, but she told me it was no problem and walked away. But, it actually was a problem for me. When my friends arrived, I again tried to pay for my drink and after about 3 minutes of waiting at the bar and being unsuccessful, I gave up and joined my friends at our table. I mentioned my unpaid for drink to the hostess and our server. So, I made a strong effort to tell several employees.

We asked to be seated on the patio since it was a nice night. I initially thought it was closed since no one was sitting out there, but they told us it wasn't when we asked. And, after we were seated out there, other Diners followed suit. But, even this felt like it took time.

Once we were seated, we were given menus, and then we waited...and waited...and waited. It took FOREVER to get someone to come take our order. When the server finally did take our orders (there 6 of us). He then started retaking our orders. It was odd, but we laughed it off. We, also, asked to see a dessert menu at this time, which never came.

4 of the 6 ordered the bottomless special, and 2 of us ordered other items off the menu. The people who ordered the bottomless tacos tried to order what they felt like they wanted to start, for example 3 of each kind, but we're told they could only have 5 at a time. I get it, you don't want to leave the kitchen scrambling, but c'mon. AND...it made no difference since 2 of the 4 taco eaters were left with no food for at least 30 minutes. At no time did a manager or a server, or anyone else come by to apologise for or explain the delay. It turned out that those 2 diners had ordered al pastor tacos and the kitchen had run out and were making more. So you say nothing?? And, let half a party eat and half a party eat nothing?? Really??

I had ordered nachos which I 100% didn't eat. I didn't eat them because I had nothing to drink for at least 45 minutes to an hour. Nothing. I had ordered a 2nd Sangria and it just never came...partly because our server disappeared partly because when he did he told us they had sent people home and they were slammed. In the meantime, someone at our table who had not ordered a 2nd drink because they still had half of their 1st one, was given a 2nd drink...while I had nothing. Even my water glass was long empty by this time. Again, no one cared to ask if something was wrong with the nachos or inquire as to why they were sitting in front of me completely untouched.

In addition to the dessert menu that never came, was an order of chips and guacamole. No one ever offered dessert either. They did, however charge us for the chips & guacamole we never got. The server removed them from the bill, but questioned that we didn't get them. WHO did he think brought them?? Certainly not him. He was nowhere to be found!!

I feel bad blaming the server. I know that they're the face you see and when things are going wrong elsewhere in a restaurant, they get blamed. Clearly, there were failures all over this restaurant. The management should not have sent anyone home leaving the place short staffed, the kitchen wasn't prepared for week 2 of the bottomless taco promo, and if you are serving a bar full of people and running a bottomless margarita promo you need more than 1 bartender. I dine out often enough to understand this and none of us gave the server any flack. But, WHERE was anyone... our server, ANY server, A MANAGER to explain the unbelievably long delays and just say they were sorry for it. Our bill was over $150 for the 6 of us. There had to be someone available to say or do something to make up for it...yet no one came. And, that is why I won't be heading back to Casa del Matador. The food was OK, but the service/execution was horrendous.
