iBlQvqiy5Rg2h-y9TS1yOA We were VERY disappointed. We chose this place as first timers for our Cinco De Mayo dinner. All four of us had an overall baaaad experience. There were a couple of good things about the night: 1. We were told it was gonna be a 45 minute wait and we were seated within 10 minutes. 2. The Queso Fundido was very good. They did forget to bring anything out for us to eat it with (tortillas, chips) but eventually we were able to ask our server how to eat it and he brought tortillas. Okay, so that was it. We were brought chips and salsa but no plates/napkins. Salsa on our fingers and no where to wipe them. Server wasn't sure what Micheledas were (at a Mexican restaurant on Cinco De Mayo??) but he put the order in. Took forever but they were satisfactory anyway. Hubby ordered carne asada burrito. I ordered chile rellenos. Our friends ordered street tacos and enchiladas. All of us received our food except hubby. Probably a 10 minute wait for his food after we got ours. Server brings out a steak. <U+200D> Sends it back and he waits 10 or so more minutes. Meanwhile, my chili rellenos isn't that. It's a bell pepper stuffed with rice and red sauce.  Awful. No cheese whatsoever. The street tacos were on tortillas that had never been warmed up, just the cold, firm, outta the package tortillas.  hubby's burrito arrives. He had asked for the mild tomatillo green sauce. Instead they burned his face off with what tasted like a ghost pepper sauce. I like things spicy-This was FIRE HOT. He can't eat it. Sends it back and they bring him 3 street tacos with a hunk of steak on each dry, cold, corn tortilla and a smidge of red sauce. We had enough. We complained to the manager and he said "well, you're the ONLY ones that have ever complained about the food here".  Well, I highly doubt that in 9 months of being open and having terrible service, terrible food, followed by terrible management. He removed 2 meals from our bill after saying he "tried" three times to make hubby happy. Smh. No, you messed his food up three times and gave him some inedible all three times. We left and ate later. We won't ever be back.
