ID5wWJ9C7G0hfbQilvlfxA In the interest of fairness, this review is for the visit I had along with some work partners during lunch approximately a week after LC first opened.  Maybe things have changed...I don't know.

Without reading the reviews and looking at the star factor, I committed to taking my partners out to luck on this particular visit.  This decision was solidified after talking to another buddy who states he was the first paying customer (at a discount) and said the chow was decent.

First, beware of the parking.  Meters are all around and make sure you have plenty of quarters because you during lunch you never know how long it might take to get your meal. LC was heated up during lunch time.  One of my partners said he would take care of the parking situation and little did he know just how much a task it would be.  It was quite the challenge to find change for anyone in LC during the start of lunch.  Not even the bar had change!  I will say this, it was pretty damn cool when the bartender reached into his own pocket and gave my partner seventy-five cents of his own money to assist with parking after not being able to break a twenty.

Our waiter was very nice as I think most everyone else was.. except the hostesses.  

The menu looked awesome but it was configured at "foodie" prices.  Hoping the sizes of the chips, salsa, apps, and meals would make the pain of paying so much bearable, I was sadly mistaken.

The app was a queso dip with it's size being only large enough to satisfy a smaller person let alone three guerrillas.  The Sea Bass Tacos I ordered, though tasty were the size of those one would get from a taco street vendor in TJ.  Only those on the other side of the border were like five for a dollar.

Between the quarter/parking fiasco and the absolute "foodie" portions at "foodie" prices one might expect this type of meal further south of the strip, say past Sahara where the tourists are.

$70 dollar meal (lunch) with no booze just plain sucks.
