IfdwBSEuDK3fKvVHVX9k0A What the heck happened to this place???  I am vegan and live in Los Angeles, but I've got family in Ohio, so this would be my go to place  before or after I got off the airplane since vegan food in Akron is pretty scarce.  
I was sorely disappointed this time.  It seems like they added way more meat and cheese to the menu and that the vegan items were more of an afterthought.  I mean, the scrambled tofu comes with an egg and cheese on top!  Why do that when there are numerous egg dishes on the menu?  When I ordered it I asked that they leave the egg off and use vegan cheese instead.  What I got was almost a joke-the 'scrambled' tofu was broken up pieces of tofu with no seasoning and it hadn't been sauteed or browned in any way.  There were some vegetables and some sliced vegan cheese that had been broken up into pieces laying on top, completely unmelted.  All this was supposed to be on top of home fries, but it was nothing more than broken up pieces of french fries instead.  Weird and unappetizing.  
Also, the staff seemed to be young and extremely ignorant about the menu items.  When I asked if their special veggie burger of the day had any wheat in it. they could not tell me.  When I ordered the gluten free toast I asked if I could have vegan butter (Earth Balance) instead of butter and the waiter looked at me like I was speaking a foreign language.
But the biggest disappointment was my dessert.  I would dream of the giant chocolate peanut butter brownie dessert between my visits.  It used to be the yummiest vegan and gluten free dessert ever, but the one I had this time was kind of heavy and dry.  The peanut butter filling that used to be creamy and dreamy was like a giant hunk of (barely) peanut flavored powdered sugar.  The chocolate portions barely tasted of chocolate-a sure sign of cheap flavorings.  I bought mine for a treat on the long plane ride back to California and ended up throwing it away.  
I guess this is a good option if you are not vegan and just want to eat a healthier lifestyle, but if you are vegan and are looking for an oasis of yummy food, I'd pass this one by.  So so  sad.
