IiwgHkUbBt9Ha25H4dUtkw Ok, so I was craving a bomb style torta de asada. Not to knock AZ critics, but most reviews on Mexican spots are rather forgiving. Growing up in East Los Angeles (and no, I never banged), I think I have a good sense on what actually cuts the mustard as far as street type faire. In order of importance on my review scale is 1) sabor/taste, 2) condiments, 3) price & 4) cleanliness.

After reading the reviews I decided to head over to Ranch Market over the other spots because we wanted to pick-up    a few things that we find difficult to find in Prescott. What can I say about the cleanliness? Top notch, except the shopping carts. But I guess when everybody is loading up, they are bound to get a bit beaten. 

We spent only $25 bucks to max out on tacos, tortas, & aguas frescas for 4 of us. Just like any other market, compare prices. I noticed standard & sometimes higher prices for everyday staples. Eggs, milk, frozen vegetables, etc. We found quite a few things (cheese, chiles and produce) that we couldn't avoid paying the price, because you are not going to find it at Fry's. 

The food court is the place to start your shopping. You don't wanna shop on an empty stomach anyway. My son & I had tortas de asada & I threw in a taco de lengua (tongue). My wife had the chile relleno plate, and our youngest had a bean & cheese burrito. While the torta does come with lettuce, tomato, onion and cheese; we asked for them to include avocado. 

The salsa bar missed on a few things; radishes, carrots with the jalapeños, and a hot green chile type salsa. The taco de lengua came plain, but the chunks of lengua were a bit oversized.  After adding some onions & cilantro I missed not having green chili so I substituted it for their toasted red salsa.

My son gave his burrito rave reviews. He stated "this is Mexico". He also gave the Orchata (rice water) a thumbs up. My wife wolfed-down her chile relleno so I'll take it she liked it. My torta fell short of excellance, I think the meat needed some more seasoning or wasn't marinated long enough, it could also be most taco trucks serve to order. What I mean is the meat isn't prepared until you order it. But hey, I didn't leave anything behind. The taco de lengua was not bad, I need to try it again because I didn't so much taste it as attack it. Did I mention the tamarindo was great, not to sweet, not too watered down.

Topping the whole experience off... We took home some pan dulce & bullios (sweet bread & rolls). Yummy goodness. I'll go back soon and review the menudo.
