IMu-TDHot24Y0X7ESLxHyA I arrived at 6:20pm on a Friday night requesting a table for 12 people to celebrate my birthday. I was told it would be about a 40-45 min wait...I said "no problem, can we wait in the bar and have some drinks until the table was ready?". I was told, "no problem we would be found when our table was ready". I continued into the bar and found two hightop tables for us to wait at. I was passed by several servers walking to the kitchen and the bartender never greeted us upon entering. After several minutes passing looking around for service I waived at the bartender asking if there was a sever on or did we need to go to the bar. He pointed at a girl sever walking toward us and got her attention, as he pointed at us showing that we needed help. The server Jessica briefly stopped looked back at us then turned to the bartender and said "what"?  He pointed at my table again and she then turned around ignoring the bartender and my table then walked into the kitchen. The bartender looked back at my table with wide eyes that she just did that! 

Jessica then returns with an attitude, chips and salsa and a rude greeting after over 10 minutes of sitting there. Being that I am also a server I remained quiet for the moment understanding it is a busy night. I told Jessica that we were just having drinks until our table opened up. She took our drink order and left. The bar was hardly full and several servers huddle in a group at end of the bar as I continue to have terrible service from the Jessica girl. As more members of my party arrive she passes by avoiding eye contact time and time again. Finally she eventually gets flagged down by other members of my party trying to get a drink. And two other members of my party had to get up and go to the bar to order due to her skill of ignoring tables. She again stops and leaves as fast a possible not even asking the full table if anyone would like another round and rushes off. At this time we have now been waiting for over an hour and my sister asks for her beer tab to close. Jessica stops and with a rude tone and says "you want separate checks then"? Shocked by her response I said , "yes we are separate". Before I could even finish my sentence she already started to walk away when I was also trying to order myself a new drink. I snapped and said "Hey!...I am about to ask for your manager if you keep being rude and jetting off before you even hear what I'm trying to say". I then asked for another round and my check also. She returns with my sisters check which was incorrect and charged with an extra beer that she didn't' even have. Now approaching an hour and 20 min later our table is finally ready. I said forget my check just transfer to my table and fix my sisters tab. 

After we moved my new server came and asked who had the pina colada's in the bar...which was me...and I said "that was me". She then then says "Oh, that was you huh?" and rudely walked away! As if the other server warned her that I just chewed her ass out in the bar. Then to top it off my parents told our new server it was my birthday mid meal. I was never wished a happy birthday or given a desert or anything! Our table was not even asked if we wanted desert! Never again will I ever return after being a life long customer of this place...since I was a kid. As a fellow server in the industry I was completely appalled and shocked by the service given. NEVER AGAIN...and this place should be ashamed. As I read other reviews on here...seems as if service is not even a standard or concern after reviewing these ratings...what a joke! Just completely disappointed...what a away to spend your birthday!
