iOt7ebp4Zy-5YUjHL1rbmQ First of all I hope management sees this review. Rather than comment here for yelpers to see, I wanted to go directly to their website to email management, but there was no option. So, here goes. I want to give this place 1 star, but I just can't bring myself to do it. I have been so excited about this small ma and pa taco shop opening, and I really hope they can get some training in place and succeed! Gilbert needs more local restaurants just like this one!

Food - 2 stars 
Service - 1 star
Flow/Ease of Service - 1 star
Wait time - 1 star
Ambiance - 3 stars

I called my order in to pick up. The gal sounded like she had never taken a pick up order before and had very little knowledge about their product (training issue I'm sure). I also asked if I could do a quesadilla on a corn tortilla instead of flour. I said I understand you probably don't have a button for that, but I'd pay the same as a flour one even though it would be a lot smaller. She still said no! So I just let it go. 

When I arrived to pick up my order 20 minutes later it was still not ready. I would highly recommend a "pay here for pick up orders". The line was out the door (cool to see) and no where for those that had called in to go orders, to pay. There was a hard to read, hand written sign at the register that had a long line directly behind it...so it was awkward to cut in. I waited another 10 mins to pay. 

I waited another 25 minutes and finally got my food. And the order was missing two of my tostadas! Glad I checked. So I waited another 5 minutes. By this point I had witnessed pure chaos and SO many unhappy customers while I stood around waiting. Two gals came back in for missing items from their to go orders - and an unsatisfactory response from the manager from what I saw. Several customers came up wondering when their food would be out. If you looked around the restaurant it seemed almost nobody was smiling - customers or staff. Very odd vibe going on. The team behind the counter was unorganized and clearly lacked training and knowledge of what they were doing. I felt bad for them. 

I finally got out of there and got home to eat. They do not have to go containers. I REALLY hope this is something they are working on. Our food looked totally unappetizing and was scattered and smashed all over the plate. They use paper plates and foil over the top. Terrible presentation of food. And ALL of our food was cold when I got home (3 minute drive). The beans and cheese from my tostadas where 90% stuck to the top of the foil. The tacos were smashed and looked like a mess, and like I said, cold. The chips and salsa were nice. Perfectly salted, and they did have little containers for the salsa at least. The avocado salsa was yummy too. But overall what was supposed to be a quick pick up dinner, ended up being a total waste of my money and an hour of my time. 

I will wait a couple of weeks for the kinks to get worked out, and I'll give it another try. I want this place to succeed! The big patio was awesome, wide open space, cute kids tables on patio. I really think it's all about training here. Training, training, training, and getting rid of employees/managers that don't want to provide excellent customer service would go a LONG way to make this place good.
