ipEl9VOQz2GS9qaRX3MjYw I could round this up to 3 stars, as there's room for improvement. We visited on opening weekend (Saturday evening), and we understood right away that there would be issues (i.e. that food ran out, and we would have to wait an hour until they replenished supply). We understand that growing pains are part of any opening process, so we stuck around and drank some Jarritos until they finally had food available (about an hour after we were seated, they finally started taking food orders again). We expected the wait, and just sat around and relaxed until they were ready. For us, service was apologetic, sweet, and accommodating - thanks to Nikita for checking up on us often and for great service despite how busy they were!

Environment: This joint is casual and lively. You could take a date here, have a group dinner, and it could even be a place to take your family for dinner, if you so choose. Note that all their offerings are based off homemade recipes - so while the meal had some issues, I will say that their ingredients were very fresh and definitely tasted homemade. 

What We Ordered: Carnitas Tacos ($12.75), Chicken Tinga Tacos ($12.75), Guacamole ($10.50), and Churros ($8.50). Our initial reaction (along with many guests around us) was an expression about portion size (the table next to us kept joking around with a "So... where are we eating after?"). See my attached photos (with a cell phone beside each Taco order, to really understand the portion size situation). For the price we paid, I expected portions to be bigger. As for the churros - they were tasty, but a bit denser in texture than I expected.

Overall: The standouts for us were the Carnitas Tacos and Guacamole (the guac was similar in flavour to Wilbur Mexicana's - not on the same level, but almost there). Overall, flavours were acceptable, and the meal overall tasted way better than it looked - but (and this may be an opening weekend issue) value and portion size was lacking.

In total, for what we had, our total bill came to over $50.00 - with tip, over $60. For the portion size and meal we had, I felt we definitely overpaid - the meal's cost was on par to a King West bill, but instead, right smack in the middle of suburbia. We wouldn't mind giving this place a chance again once they settle in, so, out of convenience and proximity to home, we will probably be back.
