IqCvkoDvvImXuzGrpeiDMA I had brunch with some friends at the Border Grill Forum Shops on a Saturday.  Our reservation was for 11:30 but some of us arrived earlier and we were seated early in a comfortable half booth/half table.  

As others note, the brunch deal at Border Grill is pretty good (by Vegas standards):  for $35 you get unlimited small plates from a list of about 15 or so.  For an extra $10 you get the bottomless mimosas, with flavors well beyond the typical OJ.  Our servers were fantastic.  To begin, when we ordered a dish instead of preparing a single serving of each dish for each diner, they would have a larger order of the dish prepared for the table.  So, we got 4 shrimp and grits on one plate instead of 1 or 2.  Made the table less crowded with fewer plates.  Also, we were brought more mimosas on a fairly regular basis.  There was never a time when I had an empty glass until the end of the meal.  Fantastic service.

Of the small plates, I tried:  french toast, brisket sliders, pigs in a blanket, plantain empanadas, steak and egg, shrimp and grits, churro tots, serrano ham waffles, breakfast fries, and chicken tamales.  There is so much, I could go back and have a fantastic meal with just the items I didn't try this time.  My favorites were the steak and egg, shrimp and grits, and breakfast fries.  The steak and egg is not a large portion, but it's larger than I was expecting given that it's a small plate brunch.  The steak was cooked properly every time we ordered it, and the egg is appropriately runny.  It's served with some hash browns which could have been crispier, but overall, it was my favorite dish.

The shrimp and grits were strong as well.  The grits are smooth and seasoned well, and the shrimp is not overcooked.  We ordered several rounds of this as well.  The breakfast fries are enormous, nothing small about this plate.  They are topped with all of your breakfast favorites.  We only needed one for the table, but it was great.

Nothing was a miss for me, but the pigs in a blanket were too dry for me, the serrano ham waffle didn't have much ham flavor (but it still tasted like a waffle, so that's good), and the bun on the sliders was too hard.  But, these aren't huge issues, and certainly not reasons to skip brunch at Border Grill.

I am not a big mimosa (or brunch drinks in general really) guy, but these were strong.  Passionfruit, pomegranate, and other flavors beyond the typical offerings.  They were refreshing and had a nice mix of booze to juice.  And, as I noted earlier, they were brought to our table with great frequency.

Before we knew it, we had been at Border Grill for 2 hours.  You don't realize how quickly the time passes.  It was a great, easy brunch and they really take care of you.  I will absolutely do this again on future trips to Vegas.
