Iu2ZINWwyrt9gXliykBEKQ My bf and I went here after City Chase; tired, exhausted and hungry. We thought Mexican food would be appropriate and Milagros was a place I have always wanted to try. There is a patio outside and we chose to sit there - the inside was very dark and I am not sure if it was more for atmosphere or because they were cheap. 

The menu appears to have typical Mexican dishes - for starters, we ordered the Nopales (Cactus and Tomato) and Refritos (the re-fried beans that have the consistency of mush and baby food.) They also provide crispy tortillas and salsa.

For something as exotic as cactus, I was very disappointed as it was soggy, tasteless and stringy. Initially, you might be thinking who would want to eat a prickly plant, but all thorns are removed and you end up with a green, soggy Twizzler.  

For main course, I had the Carnitas Panchos which was quite disappointing as well. It essentially was pulled pork placed in a mound with little sprinkles of onions and tomatoes and a side of warm tortilla. I think the name of the dishes evokes images of Mexican food you see in Travel/Food magazines which is a complete let down when what you really get is something you could have created yourself. Notwithstanding, it tasted good, but nothing extraordinary. My bf had some meat dish that was entirely forgettable, but for dessert, we both decided to try the Natilla de Cajeta which is essentially Milagros' version of a Mexican Crème Caramel. If you are not already full by your main course, then you certainly will with this. When I returned from the bathroom (which was also very dark), my bf had already started eating the dessert, which had turned into a loose pudding. It was like drinking thick chocolate which I am not a fan of, however, I know some people like that consistency. The good thing is that I did not taste the goat milk which is a top of the dessert.

All in all, maybe I would come here for drinks as I did see many tequila and booze options. The bill came out to be $89.00 for two including two glasses of wine and a beer - The search for good Mexican food will have to continue.
