iXnHrmTw-r6LNzC2MjjrWQ After house-hunting in the increasingly diverse neighborhood of Beechview, we were famished. Kay was sick of driving; I was sick with hunger. I recalled that a new taco joint had recently opened on Broadway Avenue and even caught a glimpse of it as we drove about. Luckily, I recalled the street number, so finding it via Kay's GPS was a cinch. 

Seeing happy locals dining underneath a canopy on a muggy, bright day made me think for a second that we had unwittingly traveled through a portal and ended up in Tijiuana! When we entered the tiny establishment and bellied up to the counter, we were met by a slender man with dreadlocks, a bandana, an accent, a calm demeanor, and somewhat artful facial hair. One could picture him fronting a hardcore or metal band in a scorching stadium atmosphere, commanding the audience to jump up and down as he barks over clustered, stuttering, downtuned riffs. 

Without having looked at the other Yelp reviews, I ended up ordering what Douglas W. ordered; the jerk chicken taco and the cochinita pibil pulled pork taco. 

Unripened mango? So that's what adorned my chicken taco. I wondered what those fruit cubes were supposed to be. Well, if that's the case, there you have my only real gripe about our lunch at Casa Rasta. On my end, the jerk chicken was not "grey" at all, and was supple and packed with flavors of the Caribbean. The pulled pork was equally tender and like the chicken taco, I was compelled to wolf it down, which I did. 

Kay had a taco with chorizo sausage, the excess of which fell down onto the bottom of the basket. I scooped the meat bits up like an eager jackal or other such scavenger. 

The contents of each taco were held together by what could be the most heavenly maize tortillas I've ever bitten into. Images of kindly abuelas pounding out discs of corn flour for smiling children overwhelmed my culinary imagination.

Earnestly, I could have put down at least 4 more tacos and came close to sampling more of them, their sparklingly savory nature and supremely affordable price making resistance to gluttony difficult. Nonetheless, I listened to reason (Kay) and stopped after 2. 

Casa Rasta is a wellspring of tropical fusion that will delight your palate and cause your paycheck little damage. Hopefully, we'll befriend the people who run this restaurant if we decide to settle down here. Who needs cheap, corporate fast food when Casa Rasta's in town? 4 tacos=$13. What???? Quality ethnic food, fast--that's what Casa Rasta strives for and achieves. 

P.S. The tacos were all so good that I didn't feel a need to slather them in condiments.
