Jd2NUZeVeyWi1tTNKXMt1Q This restaurant was AWESOME.  Great atmosphere, service (thank you Alex), and the FOOD.  We came here because of the Yelp reviews, and we certainly were not disappointed.  We arrived on a busy Sunday night, the NFL playoffs (Chiefs vs. Steelers) were prominently displayed on two large screen TV's, and there were lots of large parties throughout the restaurant.  Our service never skipped a beat with all of the surrounding large parties...impressive.  We started our experience with two margaritas, and Alex smartly suggested choices from their happy hour menu.  $2.00 margaritas....well, yes please!  The menu here is expansive, and offered many choices of the classic Mexican fare.  We live in San Diego, and have lots of choices when it comes to choosing Mexican food, so when we find a restaurant like Si Senor, we are pleasantly surprised.  My wife had tamales, and I chose the chicken enchiladas with green sauce.  Also, the chips and salsa came with three other dipping choices...a bean dip, spicy red salsa, and super spicy green salsa.  The chips...wow...light, crunchy, just the right amount of sea salt.  Delicious!  With the first margaritas down, we decided to step up our game and selected the Patron Perfect margaritas from the drink menu.  On the rocks with salt of course...and again, we were very happy.  Fish bowl sized came to mind with these huge tankards of Patron tequila, fresh limes and a float of Gran Marnier!!  Time to fire up the Uber app, because these bad boys are bringing on the BUZZ.  Oh...the food.  Delivered quickly and on a really cool red little cart (careful, the plates are hot), our meals were set in front of us and we dug in.  The tortillas that hugged my shredded chicken were the highlight of the meal (well, until the dessert)...light, flavorful, homemade just like my old neighborhood.  You can tell that the food here is made with a true sense of pride.  My rice was steaming, just enough spice, and soft to the mouthful.  The refried beans had a nice layer of melted cheese on top, perfect for a bustling forkful of rice into and back into my pie hole.  The green sauce was packed with plenty of zip, but not enough to pull the fire alarm.  Just spicy enough to let me know it was there.  We finished our meals, and with plates cleared Alex brought out a cinnamon topped treat that looked like little pillows.  I can't remember what this delight was called (two margs down...), but I know several other Yelpers mentioned it.  Wow, what a treat!!  Light, fluffy, and warm to the tongue, this was a really cool end to our fantastic meal.  Four margaritas, two heaping entrees, chips/salsa, and the great dessert...$59.  Not bad for a really nice evening with my wife, great food, and fun atmosphere.  The Steelers stole the game, but Si Senor captured our culinary hearts.  Next time we are in town, we will for sure be back!  Thanks again for the excellent service Alex, we had a blast!!
