jDQIKfsfJU3M8M6n0ESKFg I have a lot of paranoia about food safety and also just bad experiences (a lot of crappy food, and sicknesses related to the former) with anywhere that isn't at least a medium sized chain but after moving out here from California I wanted to give another shot to smaller businesses in what seems like a state, let alone a city, where there are loads of very successful mom & pop or otherwise smaller 2-5 location types of places. I think Carolina's only has 3 locations right now, so I was definitely nervous about trying it.

However, after trying a lot of other closer similar places which all really let me down or made me feel terrible an hour after eating, I found myself here and was really surprised. The location is large, clean, and is kind of in an otherwise dead strip-mall so there is absolutely no issue with parking either. The inside is nice, the staff is very welcoming, and they work surprisingly fast as well. I also come at stranger times (think ~3pm instead of noon) due to my lifestyle and it's usually not busy at all with maybe, at most, one person ahead of me ordering - but usually I can just walk up and order right away (it's never empty inside in terms of people eating though!).

I've now tried most of the main items here through the various combos and I haven't found a single thing I don't really like. I'm also a very picky eater, so having various things mixed into the beef in, say, a chimichanga usually would have me immediately stop eating or going through digging out all the non-meat things...but here it just worked right for me and I didn't think twice about just continuing eating after I noticed (aside maybe some bigger bits and pieces, can't really make myself unpicky after a lifetime of it but this is closer than usual). So far my favorite thing has to be the most basic - just two tacos and beans and rice, but the mini-chimis are also fantastic.

Also, maybe most surprising, the price. You get a really well sized portion of food - definitely enough to feel full even for a larger guy like me - for the same, sometimes less, than a combo at a fast food place. So both in food and in price this place really does a great job, and I definitely recommend trying it out - just be warned, you'll be coming back a lot.
