JDZ6_yycNQFTpUZzLIKHUg This is one of those times when I wish Yelp would let us rate the service separately from the food.  Let me say the food is five stars and the margaritas, well I don't believe I've ever had better.   However....

We had made our reservation through Yelp which was something new but I thought a really great idea.  Made the reservation And received an email confirmation as well as the reservation on my phone in the app and a reminder the day of.   Seemed efficient. Got to the restaurant which is right next door to a mens club which makes it easy to get a taxi back. Walked in, the hostess couldn't find our reservation and said Well, she'd find us a table. Manager was all upset because it wasn't there. I looked down at the reservations on her tablet, there was my name. One star gone for idiocy and a less than stellar table when We planned ahead. 

Got water right away, a real plus because you usually have to ask for it and the server appeared soon after with chips and three salsas. The tomatillo was the best I've had in ages. He took drink orders and then it was probably 15 minutes before we saw him again. I ordered grilled shrimp tacos, hubby cheese enchiladas. Quite a long time before we were served, ate all the chips and no one offered to refill them. Food arrives by a runner, no server in  sight. Hubby was supposed to,have cheese, got chicken.  No server in sight for 15 minutes or so.  Rather than go hungry hubby ate the chicken Ones, said they were good but not what he wanted. Server finally shows up, surprised the food was incorrect and can he replace them. Where was he when the food was served.  Lost a star for that as well.

In spite of the service missteps, the food and drink,were excellent and worth more than three stars.  The place was very noisy.  Apparently they were having some contest and because of being seated where we were it was impossible tocarry on a conversation until the contest was over.

We come to Vegas a lot and will probably go there again since it's organic and just to see if this was a one time lack of service.
