0XzfaagGzgapFUkYkY8SnQ Walked in about 5:30 on a Friday evening. No one was inside. They had 5 people behind the wall in their so called kitchen and another 3 or 4 walking around doing nothing. I ordered the first chicken choice for burrito, the wife got the vegetarian burrito as a bowl. First thing we should have noticed were the prices...both were $8.25 for a burrito and I think they charged 50 cents extra to get a bowl. 
We grabbed our drinks went to sit down to wait for our food. Noticed a table with 3 boxes of half eaten McDonald's sitting out on a table. It sat there untouched the entire time. (Any restaurant that has another places food sitting out, RUN!) Our mistake, we already paid our 17 bucks for these, Shit better be good. 
Throughout the half-hour we waited for our 2 burritos to come out we witnessed a list of what not to do in a restaurant. Employees just joking in the back talking about drugs and smoking...one employee pulled out her purse set it on the front counter, pulled out cigarettes and yelled back, who got fire!? Yea, disgusting when it's out on the front counter and you should not be smoking in a food environment, it's extremely unsanitary. 
Our food came up...slower than if we went to any sit down restaurant and would have ordered a steak. My burrito was chipotle size, her bowl was in a nasty deep fried shell...looks and smelled like the oil was old and uncleaned since day one. She threw the shell away immediately...it already tainted the half spoon of rice in there. So this $8.75 veggie bowl had about 3 types of vegetables and a little rice...quite small, looked like a side dish. She tried it, got hit with an extreme taste of salt. If the vegetables were good, they were over powered by how much salt was added. She also believes the tomatoes were from a can. 
My burrito...the Chicken Whatever with fried potatoes was a good size. I bit into it, had decent flavor, lots of salt in this one though, too. There was a decent amount of chicken in there, lots of large potatoes (good, but too many), some onions and peppers, a couple droppings of rice and a sauce. The sauce had a good spice to it, not hot, but added something. I don't think I had cheese on there or really anything besides what I mentioned. 
We finished up, turned this quick excursion into 45 min of torcher. We both exclaimed before we stood up that this place is a one and done! Not gonna waste our time again on this. From the time we ordered until the time we left, one other customer came in to order, she was still waiting when we left. How have they stayed in business longer than a month? They have a great location and should be killing it. Anyone with half the acumen needed to run a restaurant should be profiting in this location, especially a burn and turn like this. 
If they need, nay want, because we damn sure know they need it, someone with business experience and expertise to come in and consult, call me.
Otherwise, until they change their act, do not attempt this place!
