jScBTQtdAt-8RshaiBEHgw The restaurant is tucked away and unless you were actively looking for it, you wouldn't even notice. I visited with a friend and her kids and they already had a table ready for us as we walked in the door (the server had seen us getting out of the car).

To start our meal, we were served Cinnamon Chips with a Banana Nutella Dip to start and whoa, this was beyond delicious. The chips were light and crispy (there were other seasonings as well, however, I can't remember what they were) and the dip was fantastic. I believe this is served during breakfast/brunch only?

At the urging of another patron, my friend ordered their coffee and it was very tasty! I had found out where they get their coffee, but of course, I can't remember and I don't know where I had seen or heard it. Either way, I've seen people raving about the coffee in multiple reviews, so the coffee is a must.

I like the uniqueness of the menu and the play on classics; that's my favorite type of dishes. So, obviously, there was so much I wanted to try! Even though we were there during breakfast, they still offered their lunch menu (so awesome).

Corned Beef Bread Pudding Benedict ($17): Fresh marble rye bread pudding, corned beef hash, poached eggs, and hollandaise. I was the most excited about this plate because it bascially combines my favorite foods into ONE MEGA DISH. The bread pudding was a really cool because it was made to be more savory and the rye gave it a nice distinctive flavor. The corned beef hash was very tasty and had a nice crust. The "benedict" of poached eggs and hollandaise rounded out this neat combination. The eggs were inconsistently cooked; one was a decent poach whereas the other one was way overdone (no runny yolk). Anyway, this dish was absolutely delicious and something I'd order again! Side note: I just realized the menu says it's served with breakfast potato, but I didn't get anything.

LongSiLog ($13): Filipino breakfast; three eggs, Longanisa (sausage), garlic fried rice, Atchara (pickled papaya), and vinegar sauce. A traditional Filipino breakfast with its own mash-up of a name; Longanisa, Sinangag (fried rice) and Pritong Itlog (fried egg). Though I have experience with longanisa and garlic fried rice, the combination of ingredients and flavors was new to me. The overall flavor profile I got was "vinegar-y" and almost sour because of the pickling and sauce. I didn't really love it, but it is a good dish and I'm sure if you grew up with LongSiLog, this is a welcomed comfort meal.
