jSmVW-fLYgy6TA--N3B4Rw So after driving by this place everyday I decided to give it a shot. I originally went there on a lunchdate thinking it was a sit down and order establishment. Well I was wrong so at that point we went elsewhere. So I went back for carryout tonight. In a nutshell I'm not impressed by it all, but there are some silver linings.

Service - Meh, middle of the road. Not bad, not good. The employees looked annoyed and didn't want to be there. But I was asked about sides and options and got a "thank you" after transaction so I can't burn them too bad for not whistling while they work. 
6/10

Food Quality - I ordered the steak quesadilla cause I love fried tortillas and lots of cheese inside. Well, I was very disapointed. Granted they press the tortillas there and fry it up in front of you, mine was not very fried. I worked at restaurants and cooked quesadillas on "mexi night" and mine were always crispy and hot. This one was merely warmed up and retained little heat during the 1 mile drive home. While the quesadilla wasn't much better than taco bells version, the chips and queso and guacamole were excellent. Very good guac!! It was rich and chunky unlike canned stuff. Maybe I'll just stick to burritos if I go there cause the steak was tasty. 
5/10 only because of the guac, 3/10 without it.

Price - $5 for that undercooked quesadilla is a sham. $3 tops. The chips and queso were also a bit pricey at $3. I spent $8.50 on the quesadilla, chips, queso and guacamole. I felt like it was a $5 meal in the end.
3/10

Experience/Vibe - Very plain much like other tex mex joints like Qdoba and Chipotle, only a little worse. The dining setup is awkward and weirdly lit. 
5/10

Overall - 19/40. 

When the sides impress me more than the main dish I can only give two stars tops. Im sure it would be closer to 3 if I ordered the burrito since thats just easier than a quesadilla but I don't really like burritos that much, so guys lets work on that tortilla frying and better portions!
