jsuUmIEefPjV__ads62Z5w Cool, so very cool.  

We were visiting Phoenix and thought we'd take a shot and look for a New Mexican restaurant. 
 I stumbled upon Dick's thanks to Yelp.  Based on other reviews we knew we'd have to "look" for it.  We got to the area and I did something other reviewers evidently did not think of - I called.  The guy who answered the phone was super helpful and guided me in.

The ambiance is really cool - and cool.  Dark inside and great AC.  We sat at the back of the place,  the area was really interesting,  great view of the rest of the place and very well laid out.   The staff were extremely attentive,  knowledgeable,  and just great people to be around.

Food,  please note that my husband is from ABQ so the bar is a bit higher for restaurants that serve New Mexican food.  The menu has great twists on traditional N.M. fare.  They elevated the typical and blew me away with other really great choices.

We happen to make it during happy hour - which the food and drink options are fantastic.   It was Sunday so I was happily surprised that they even offered happy hour.

We started off with the garlic platter and BBQ pork sliders - sorry I cannot remember the exact name but they were super.  The platter was huge,  garlic roasted perfectly along with the peppers.  The green chili sauce was fantastic.  HUGE portions!  The sliders were very, very good.  

My friends had the surf and turf and my husband had the chicken cordon blue.  WOW!  The steak was cooked perfectly and so tender.  Thanks Brian for sharing. The cordon blue was nontraditional and spectacular.  Open face with topped with the most wonderful creamy green chili sauce.  The portions for the appetizers were so big I did not order an entree.  Thank God!  My husband and friends could not finish their dinners although they tried.

I am really shocked at some of the reviews - maybe they were expecting typical NM food?  I really love this place.  When I am visiting Phoenix I will do my best to work in Dicks.

To the serves/tenders - guys you are fantastic.  Just keep doing what you do.
