JXiOlujB1i7aZvkNJ9xpzQ Just ate here tonight for the first and last time. I live in Cleveland Heights and since Luchitas in Shaker heights closed we have been looking for a good traditional Mexican restaurant in the area. thought may this would be it. Wrong. We came in on a Friday night to be told there were no tables and would have to wait. No problem. Only thing was there were many open tables but they all needed to be cleaned. After about 5 minutes they got us a table. A server brought us chips and salsa and took our drink order. 10 minutes later we still had no drinks. A different server approached us and asked if we would like to order, I informed him as nicely as I could that we were, but would need our cocktails. He said he would check. Another 5 minutes later a different server approached with our appetizer queso Fundido, but no tortillas. I said, where are the tortilla's. He asked in broken English, Tortilla's?? I replied, should we just eat this with a spoon? He looked at me as if we were crazy, but brought some. It was a tiny portion of Queso, and 3 small tortillas. Cheese was like Velveeta.  

Our drinks finally came, a Golden and a "premium" margarita. Both tasted like all sour mix and as if there was no alcohol in them. I needed to use the restroom. It's a unisex bathroom of the main dining room which seemed weird to begin with. Filthy! Piss all over the floor in front of the toilet, and surprise surprise, no paper towels. 

I came back to the table and we got our food. My wife ordered the Tacos Tapitios, dry pork, some sauce on the side, a little bit of Pico.Bland.

I got the Texas Burrito. A tortilla wrapped around some Fahita style chicken and onions. some sort of tasteless red sauce on top. I'm not even sure what I ate, I only know it was tasteless and it sucked. 

I should add that this was all on Friday at 8:00 and there was hardly anyone in the place yet it was total chaos amongst the staff. Everyone was running around like their hair was on fire, lots of walking back and forth with plates confused as to where the food went. They brought our food and my order was correct, but had a completely different dish for my wife, so I had to wait for her food to come while mine got cold. At one point three servers got into  heated argument in Spanish in front of us. Crazy. I wanted place to be good, but whoa. If they are in business in 6 months it will be a miracle.
