K-uQkfSUTwu5LIwPB4b_vg Basis for my starred ratings (which skews heavily to the food or drink):
1 star:  Never again.
2 stars:  Poor food, poor experience, extraordinary measures in order for me to come back.
3 stars:  Average, nothing really special, nothing particularly bad.
4 stars:  Very good, would definitely return.
5 stars:  A favorite, one of the best.

You're not coming here for traditional Mexican food.  If you're looking for "authenticity" or "regional cuisine," this isn't the place.  But if you're looking for good contemporary interpretations of Mexican food in a great setting, this is a good place to be.

We've only ever been here for brunch, but it is y far one of our favorite brunch places.  It usually starts with a Mission Mary - their interpretation of a bloody mary.  It is spicy, but more than spicy, it is also peppery, which adds a great new dimension to the drink.

Our go-to dish - the chilaquiles.  Red or green, doesn't matter, they are pretty tasty here.  Slight sourness in the green chiles, some decent heat in the red, the totopos aren't completely soaked through so there is some texture in the chips.  There is plenty of sauce to cover over the chips and get the flavor you're looking for, and juuuuuust enough meat to make the meal more substantial.  

The house guacamole made tableside is also very, very good.  One of the best in the Valley.  It's got more stuff in it than your typical guacamole, but from the cotija cheese to the pepitas, they all add a little something.

Tried my wife's cinnamon pecan waffles.  Awesome.  Really good.  Not super sweet but really well balanced.  I've also tried the corn and crab pancake - these are perhaps the weakest brunch dish that we have tried.  Also had the regular steak tacos off the lunch menu and they too are tasty.  Not the best tacos ever, but still tasty.

This last trip, I tried their pig out all-you-can-eat pork bar where you have a choice between carnitas and pork confit tacos in a taco bar setting.  It's worth the money and it's pretty tasty, but not perfect.  The carnitas were a little dry.  The confit pork was definitely preferable and was better seasoned.  The salsa selection was also a little weak.  They have a little of everything (a tomatillo, a pico de gallo, etc.) but none of them tasted all that great.  I kept my condiments basic - onions and cilantro.  Street taco style.  The other slight weakness, the tortillas.  Small street-style corn tortillas, these were a little too thick to double up but too thin to hold up on its own.  The flavor of the masa was ok.  Would I order the all-you-can-eat again?  I think I would, but I'd really have to be in the mood and be pretty hungry.

So again.  Not traditional Mexican if you are a purist.  But still come for the good food.  It's worth the price.
