16Md-YQqxnSVKgrnL_yx5g Came here recently for lunch.  Self sat in the bar area to watch the games.  After we sat down we waited for about 10 minutes before someone came over and gave us some chips and salsa.  Then it took about 15 minutes to find out who our server was.  It so happened that our server was also the bartender.  We found that out when we ordered a bloody mary which by way was very good.  Sadly though after the bloody mary was brought over, the bartender/our server disappeared for a bit so we sat around another 10 minutes before I got up to the bar and asked if our server was going to take our order.  Well, our server came to our table a minute or two after that.  We ordered the 3 cheese enchiladas w/2 sides.  My friend ordered the street tacos.  Well, again, we sat there waiting for our food for about 20 to 25 more minutes.  Finally I got tired of waiting and I went to the bar again and asked if someone could check on our food.  The restaurant wasn't even busy which was the sad part.  So, our waiter came back to our table to tell us that it would be another 5 minutes because there might have been a mix up in the kitchen.  The food finally came and first, it was cold and bland.  The tortillas tasted like they just rolled them with the cheese and just added the sauce over and brought them to me.  The rice and beans were in these tiny saucer-like plates and rice was mushy for spanish rice, refried beans were ok.  All in all, the meal had no flavor and was cold and was served super late.  I hate to think how this restaurant really operates when the restaurant is BUSY.  The other part that was sad was seeing all the staff members walking around because they didn't have much to do but we still got our food late.  At first I thought it was just us but then I looked around and there was a couple that had their order screwed up and they sent their food back so either something was going or they just shouldn't be open for business.  One funny thing was they have a huge sign inside the restaurant that reads, "Only Authentic Mexican Food Restaurant"  There was nothing AUTHENTIC about the service, let alone the food.  Either way, we won't be going back to this place.
