kDkHOrLyYfzvIeus7GMr-g It's the southwest corner, behind a U-Haul place that used to be a gas station. You might miss it. When you drive in it doesn't look promising. A 711, tattoo shop, and liquor store are all in this very small shopping center.

I walked in and it was small. 4 tables that seat 4 and 1 table that seats 2. Very small. I went there for one thing, a Mexican hot dog. The kind you see in parking lots, with their little carts on a Friday/Saturday night. But thankfully, this place was an actual restaurant! I didn't have to battle the winds or sun.

They have two selections La Reyna hot dog $4.00 and Sonoran hot dog $3.00.  I went ahead and got both. I'm not sure which was which but I believe the Sonoran hot dog had the bacon, onions (grilled or fresh) and mayonaisse on it which was my favorite! It was spicer, they both had beans, guacamole, diced tomaotes and goat cheese sprinkled on top. The bread is amazing like the previous person said! They heat them up on the grill and it has this fluffy light texture to it. The dog's are served with a grilled chili and if you want, french fries. I went ahead and got the french fries with one and glad I did. They're the crispy outside but mushy inside that I like! 

If your eating in you get a basket of chips and salsa, so this was a lot of food for just one person. The green salsa was in hourse made. I say this because it had that not quite blended completly look, the long strings of jalapeno and tomatos were in there. I also saw large tomatos and chili's on the grill. At first I didn't know why there was a lot of fresh veggies on the grill, did they run out of counter space? But I realized later that they were grilling it to make more salsa.

The service was really nice. A young boy about 14/15yo took my order (the son) and the daughter 15/16yo asked a couple times if everything was okay. When I walked in there were a few tables that had baskets and used items on the table. But when I sat down to eat in, the girl quickly cleaned up the tables and asked if she can wipe down my table saying it was a little sticky. It wasn't to me but it was nice to have a clean table cleaned again. There was no trash cans to dump your stuff, which explained the dirty tables. They pick up the trash after you leave.

They had torta's, breakfast burriots, but I'm not sure what else because all I was interested in was the hot dogs. :]
