kYvZZ_aKaKLQKeyms74T2Q My wife, son and I used to love coming here but today was horrible. I came here with my son and two of my friends. The waiter was rude, I asked for a small sauce of Habanero to go with my Chips and he rudely just said "Someone will bring it out". Asked on 2 other separate occasions still nothing just ignored. It was the Busser/Buss Boy who I asked that brought it over. Waiter was only seen 3 times. One to ask what we wanted to drink when we came in and to take drink order, second when dropping off the drinks and taking food order and last walking by quickly and asking if I wanted another Margarita. The Busser/Buss Boy practically served/waited on us. 

Personally the food here is a hit or miss as my son did not like his Chicken, my food was ok nothing spectacular today but I have had better on different days, so I will not knock the food it is good. 

But Customers or Patrons do NOT need to deal with rude Waiters or people going through shit in their lives, you are paid to wait on customers and as a reward you get a good tip for your service. Today the service was worth nothing but a waste of our time. Someone should promote the Busser/Buss Boy and Girls at this place and fire the Waiters because this is not a unique experience at this place but the norm it seems.

We all need to support local businesses that actually care for their customers in Las Vegas and my family does its best. Businesses need to do their best to put a smile on their customers faces and not leave them disgusted with service or lack thereof. I even had to call over the same Busser/Buss Boy to run my card as we were done and the rude Waiter was no where to be found still.

So take it from a long time customer, and I have to say I have had great experiences with many of the Bussers/Buss Girls and Guys there, always pleasant etc. Take my word for it, if your waiter would rather be somewhere else and does not get you what you asked for of disappears and is rude take your business elsewhere.
