lnJlOuHGNRoN2zW_a6Vb7g Arcadia parents and families, PLEASE READ .....this is definitely not a KID friendly establishment. Last Friday , a group of neighborhood family's decided to go out for our typical Friday night outing. We typically go to our standard spot, LGO, but we decided on checking out the new spot in the neighborhood. A group of 6 adults and 6 kids showed up to TTW at 5:30 pm (fairly early for a Friday night) and the hostess gave us the sign that we had no chance of getting a table outside and especially with KIDS. 

----We ended up leaving and heading to the Vig which was more then happy to accommodate our group with KIDS at an outside table by the bocce ball court.----

Flash forward to 6-7-17, my wife, mother in-law and 2 kids , ages 1 and 3, decided to give Tacos, Tequila , and Whiskey another chance since it was a smaller group . We had a great meal and drinks, the server was very friendly and sweet to our kids . 

Approximately, an hour into dinner our kids decided to run around outside, and yes, we were sitting outside . They are typical toddlers, running around playing with their cars and being silly . And admittedly, walking on the perimeter bench seating . 

The manager walked outside and approached our table and said " Excuse me , could you pick up your child from the floor (who was playing with Lightning McQueen car) and stop having your kids destroy our restaurant. Excuse me" I replied, my kids are just being kids. He continued to lecture me that my children were a "hazard" to the staff and other patrons . My guess is that the manager, that will remain unnamed (who handed me his business card) does not appreciate kids at the restaurant. 

And a few more rude comments were exchanged from him and a few from me. 

I can promise you that my kids and the 4 others neighborhood kids, from last weekend at The Vig, were acting in the same manner with no problem from the restaurant.  Running around and being silly . 

Bottom line .... the restaurant is NOT KID friendly and families please spend your money at LGO, the VIG , or MOD Pizza because this establishment is and ANTI Family Arcadia restaurant.
