lOQPeguczAueJnLmDUTfGg Came here for dinner unexpectedly on a Friday night. Not the first time i've came here but this was the first time i've brought my mother to something like this. Since we were only a party of two, we were sat at a booth in front of the bar to the left. 

Lighting was pretty dim with live music being played. The kind of environment you'd expect on a Friday night ! Pretty nice. 

As this was only the 2nd time i've been here, their overwhelming menu was pretty hard to make a decision with. We were given their fresh tortilla chips, bean dip and salsa pretty quickly. Besides that, it was an easy decision to order a Mangonada margarita. What a delicious drink this is ! Definitely not the first time i've had this either ! Quite yummy drink. I couldn't really taste the alcohol but my mom said she could. Definitely a dangerous drink with majority of the alcohol taste being masked by the mango. 

It's been a long time since my mom's had anything mexican so she'd become a bit american and order fajitas (apparently fajitas aren't genuine mexican cuisine but a Tex-Mex ! gasp ! 

Fajitas de res (Strips of New York steak mixed with tomato, onions, peppers, cilantro, and spices. With guacamole and sour cream. Served sizzling) - Very simple dish served with a choice of flour or corn tortillas. Their tortillas are homemade and are completely different from anything i've ever had (.... even in mexico ! LOL). The flour tortilla is so fragrant and soft. Its so good ! The corn tortilla is actually... much finer and softer than i expected. You definitely can tell that its a corn tortilla but its like a flour and corn tortilla had a baby o.O?! The strips of NY steak with cooked veggies was simple and tasty. Though i expected the steak to be more tender, it was quite flavorful. 

Aside from the fajita, i definitely had trouble deciding what else to order. Originally i was looking at something chicken or pork but mom suggested something shrimp. With 13 different dishes made with shrimp, i had asked our waitress on some recommendations. She had made 3 different recommendations, one creamy, one spicy, one with cognac. 

Camarones Sarandeados "Tia Esther" - Large fresh Mexican gulf shrimp basted with sarandeado sauce with a rich selection of dried chiles and secret spices blended with a touch of mayonnaise

I do hope this is the dish we got. I actually forgot the name. As with all entrees, comes with rice and bean plate. The shrimp used was definitely LARGE, granted not many in quantity. The sauce used was a very delicious creamy sauce that was extremely tasty with the shrimp or mixed and eaten with the rice. Even my mom was like OMG THIS SAUCE IS SO GOOD ! I know for a fact we opt'ed for the "spicy" one. Spice wise, it was not spicy, very mildly. Granted we do love eating spicy but im sure its decent for even the not really spicy eater. 

Service was mildly slow as it took a while to get our bill and pay, but it was near the end of the night so it wasn't that bad.

Overall, very yummy experience ! I just realized after looking at their menu online that they have lunch specials ! i wonder, size wise, how do they compare to the normal entrees?! I wanna try for lunch !
