1GoI8TV5ngDEqoTmDK6Iow I have been going to Ajo Al's since I was knee-high to a grasshopper. It was my dad's absolutely favorite place, so we went there a lot. It was a nice place where you could dress up, be served well and enjoy wonderful food. It was incredible. It has been about a year since my last visit to this particular location. My husband and I visited tonight- here are some key highlights about our experience.
1. When we walked through the front door we were greeted by a kid who meandered up to the host podium in skinny jeans, vans, and an aqua tee. Moments later I learned he worked there, and that the uniform has changed to tee's with artwork on them. They look cool, but not for the caliber of the restaurant this was. 
2. This kid pointed to a booth and said- "There is a table right there for you." All while standing at the podium. Ummm, okay. Hello. Right where? Should I just walk around the restaurant and point to a table, and you holler yes when I find the right one? Do you want me to grab my menus from you too? How about you take us to the table and seat us. They even do that at Denny's, come on-being a host is not rocket science. 
3. We were seated at a booth at the bar- this one he had pointed to. The restaurant was fairly empty and the bartender was on her break. They called her in from her smoke break to serve us- I didn't realize she was an employee at first. When we were walking up to the restaurant, she was sitting on the back patio smoking and watching videos/a show/something on her cell phone. 
4. When she finally did come attend to us, she walked right up to our table, put her phone in her pocket, and asked us what we would like to drink. However, when she put her phone in her pocket, it continued to play whatever she was watching. Loudly. Instead of excusing herself and reaching in her pocket to turn it off- she kept talking to us, ignoring it- like it wasn't there/wasn't her. That makes for good customer service.
5. People here were sloppy. The most presentable people were the bus boy and the guy who delivered our food from the kitchen- and this man is the only respectable employee I saw the whole night. 
6. Our salsa was watery. Salsa here used to be the BEST. We would fight over it and eagerly wait for refills. This time, our tomatoes stayed in one spot and the water/sauce ran all over our plates. Disappointing to say the least.
7. Portions were large like they have always been- at least that was consistent.
8. I ordered the Green- chili, chicken nachos that were entirely bland. My chicken was dry and flavorless, the jalapenos were dried out, and it surprisingly did not have a single green chili. Hmmm. No wonder it was so bland. I didn't bother complaining, as I assumed I would get just as great customer service as I already had. Little did I know- this bland food was to make me sick all night... food poisoning at it's finest. Funny- the last time my husband and I were here, he got food poisoning. 
9. We were all set and waiting for the check. No one acknowledged us. I stacked our dishes and pushed them to the side of the table to make the table easier to bus. I hoped that would be a sign to them. Our waitress was still oblivious. The awesome employee- the kitchen guy- when he was delivering food, he had noticed us and returned to take our dishes and check on us. He then brought our check upon our request. If only we were tipping him instead of our waitress. 
10. A man who had never addressed us picked up our check without a word. 
11. We left and were not addressed at all. Kbye. 

Needless to say, we will not be returning. We will also be passing this message on to our families and friends, to keep them from having such a lovely experience themselves.

Save your wallet, your time, your stomach, and your dignity, and FIND A DIFFERENT PLACE TO GO OUT TO EAT.
