lXYTzkRVMHPYGcDRc_8JvQ Just go back from the Litchfield Park location, and I am very disappointed. The first worker you interact with asks if you want a burrito or a bowl. Unfortunately, I have had the chance to have Peyton (a rude, grouchy, blonde girl who should be working in the back where no one can see her negativity) be the first person to greet me. According to Peyton, customer service provides you with the right to be rude to the customer when you can't hear them. The funny thing about it is that she was especially rude to me (a young looking 24 year old), but to the 30 something woman who she couldn't hear, she was a little kinder with her words (same rude tone). Not only was she rude to me, but she was even rude to the workers standing right next to her. This wasn't a one time event; but rather the 5th time I have encountered Peyton. She is definitely the worst person I have had to deal with, to the point where I went out of my way to ask her name.

In addition to the person to greet you, you have the one that sends you off (preferably with a warm smile and eye contact). I can tell you that every time I have come to this location, not one single person has had the common sense to look me in my eyes, give me a smile, or say have a nice day. This person is especially quick to get you to leave them even though they just took your money. The money that is being used to give them a paycheck.I have even had the cash registers toss bags across the counter to me, because placing it in my hand is such a huge inconvenience. 

I go to this location a lot out of convenience, both for location and for dinner on a late night. There are probably 3 people who actually smile, have a friendly tone, and look at you when speaking. Unfortunately, the vast majority of workers hired should have been passed on for someone with actual customer service. I have never been rude, I have always kept an even head, but my patience is wearing thin, and you will lose a customer.

There is one person in particular who I enjoy seeing. She is very friendly tall brunette who always has a kind voice (even when you can tell she's probably had a rough day). I wish I knew her name, but no one has name tags. 

I found it interesting how Chipotle does not have an option to leave a review, neither positive or negative...
