m-xsH8VkcYtTTvp2Fa6Ajw Went to Pancho's on Saturday December 12th for the first time and sat in the bar area with my five girlfriends to celebrate a birthday. The first thing you should know is there is nothing on the menu that is less than $20.00 except for the taco salad that was $16.99 and a few appetizers that were $18.99. Now, I am not cheap and I don't mind paying for a good meal so I was expecting with these prices to have great food and great service to celebrate my friend's birthday. We were sadly disappointed. 

The taco salad was pretty much just lettuce and sour cream with a few beans (not exaggerating - maybe 7 beans throughout) and a very small amount of ground beef at the bottom with a couple chips (again not exaggerating - probably 2 chips total). The Queso Fundido was tasteless. Oh and I could smell the Ceviche my friend ordered from 5 feet away- I was convinced she was going to get food poisoning from rotten fish. As it stands, I cannot guarantee she didn't - food poisoning and too much alcohol cause similar symptoms... 

The food was not even the worst of it though...the service was horrible!  Our waitress Adriana/Ariana was terrible! She was so slow. Took 20 minutes just to get our first drinks and another 20 minutes to get some chips. Then the worst part of the entire night - THE BILL...(cue the horror music). The bill took 2 hours (again not exaggerating - we finished eating at 9pm and we were there until 11pm figuring out the damn bill). Why? Because Adriana/Ariana had apparently never rung up a bill in her life. From the 5 of us, she split the bill for 3 on one and 2 on another. I was on the bill with the 3. One of my friends on that bill payed in cash and the other two of us said to split the rest of the check. I'm sure you could see how this could go wrong - She could only charge one of us...she could not split it evenly...she could charge us for the completely separate bill for the other two girls at our table..wait! Yes! You read that right...she charged us EACH for the other bill at the table. So round and round we go for 2 damn hours. In the end,  I still show a pending charge on my bank account for $53.00 for my taco salad and a coke...when it should have been $26.00. 

I know what you're thinking, you would have asked to speak with a manager and cleared the whole thing up - no need for this drama mama's review. But you would be wrong because I asked to see the manager TWICE and no manager ever came. In fact, no other waiter PRETENDING to be the manager even came (yes, I used to work in food service and this happened all the time). After two hours, I couldn't wait anymore and I wasn't going to make a scene and embarrass my girlfriend on her birthday so I left...

Please don't waste your money here, folks. It's too bad because the band was actually pretty good and the place is really beautiful (decor and such). Worst dining experience ever.
