m-xsH8VkcYtTTvp2Fa6Ajw HaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHa!!!!!


First off - $20 for a steak quesadilla, guacamole for $15 - AYFKM?

I could go on and on about what a ridiculous absurdity this place is, but I think it's best summed up by the following:

Pancho's - please FOAD!

I have this strange desire to laugh out loud in the face of the fool who opened this place - even if it gets me a sock in the eye.

I ordered the carne asada quesadilla and a beer.I figure a quesadilla is as good of benchmark for Mexican food as any, after all you get a tortilla to see if it is freshly made or not, steak or chicken to see how they season their meat, guacamole and salsa all in one dish. The kitchen took 20 minutes to make the quesadilla, but clearly spent no more than 20 seconds plating it. The presentation was what I would expect from Taco Bell, not a top dollar Mexican restaurant. 

If after looking at the pictures you agree that it does not look appetizing, just wait till you lift up the first piece and see the waterfall of grease pouring down. I seriously had to grab a handful of napkins to soak up some of the grease that would not drip off of each piece on its own. After each slice of quesadilla was removed and de-greased, the plate was left with an ocean of grease that was starting to declare war on the guacamole. 

But I wouldn't feel sorry for the guacamole, at $15 a serving, it has the budget to defend itself.

If there was something you could add to insult, after insult was added to injury, it was already added to that nasty quesadilla - it was just plain awful. The steak had a flavor, but a flavor that should be added to rodent repellent, not food. It left a nasty taste in your mouth that would not go away, even after drinking a gallon of salsa.

The salsa was decent, I have to admit. But then again it was free. The guacamole wasn't bad, but it certainly wasn't worth $15.

I never got to judge the tortilla, it was soaked in so much fat there was no way to tell if it was handmade or not.


Let's just sum this crap-hole restaurant up this way:

"Poncho's - please leave Downtown Summerlin and never return. You are a cancer on an otherwise precious young flower that deserves a chance to bloom."

Having said that, the bartender Steve was a pretty decent bloke.
