M8S7poDhCIzqQx1--GB-ww I visited La Cubana for brunch this weekend. I must say, from seeing the menu and the inside, I was quite excited. My girlfriend lives nearby, and I thought, "Finally! Somewhere close by where I can get a tasty Cuban sandwich." Or, "Finally! A place I can get brunch that won't leave things off the plate like Barque"... After this visit, I can say that neither of these statements are true, but I believe this place has potential.

I got the chorizo hash with eggs. Most of the brunch meals come with beans and rice, cabbage, and tostones (fried plantain disc). Though sadly, my meal originally did not come with the rice and beans because they had run out. The waitress explained that they put some fries on my plate in its stead for now, but a side of rice and beans would be coming shortly. By the time we were done eating, the rice and beans had never shown up. We then inquired about them, and was told by a different server that I was given fries in its place, which is not what I was originally told. But you see, the issue at La Cubana is that they had a few servers serving the entire restaurant and did not have assigned tables. So when I was speaking to a server, it was an entire different server than the who had told me that a side of rice and beans was coming later. And why on earth would I want the rice and beans to be substituted with french fries when I had ordered the HASH. Yes please, just serve me an entire plate of fried potatoes. The good though, is that they did correct this error and brought me some rice and beans. Sure, they would have been better mixed in with some cabbage or egg or some of my hash for a little variety, but at least they came. The yuca potatoes in the hash were delicious and I liked them a lot. Everything else was pretty ok, except the tostones disc was kind of flavourless, and so was the little green salsa on top of it.

My girlfriend got the pressed Cuban sandwich. She is obsessed with the Cuban sandwich at Woody's, which is amazing, and this one pales in comparison. This one is more like a grilled cheese sandwich with some deli meat and jalapenos. It is greasy as well, like a greasy grilled cheese sandwich. While at Woody's, they pile pulled pork high on fresh bread made in house, and it's even cheaper. I wouldn't order the Cuban again.

We got the sweet plantains as well, and we both liked them. I might even say that they were a highlight of the meal.

Lastly, the place was packed. We had to wait for a table, and the kitchen is small and under staffed for a full house, so we had to wait a while for the food too. With this in mind, I wouldn't go back for brunch, because there are a handful of other brunch places that charge around 14 dollars a plate (Barque, Emma's Country Kitchen), that I would rather go to. I will go back and try some of the sandwiches in a takeout fashion (as they are 7 dollars), and if they can convince me their sandwich would be a better option than getting a subway sub, then they may have some repeat business on their hands.
