mhjSXQR9LvL10SSHH6aHIg Hidden gem. I was wandering aimlessly around my office building trying to find something that appealed to me for lunch. I remember my SIL mentioned she has been here before for their soft opening. There is no signage and although I work across the street, I have never seen an indication that a restaurant actually exists in this location. I almost walked right by it. For clarification, it is on the NE corner of Adams and 1st ave, next to Spoonz cafe. 

The interior is confusing. Looks like a big, undecorated restaurant. They take orders at a counter but there is no menu up on a wall, just paper menus.

The menu is refreshingly simple. Mix and match 3 items for $10. They have 3 different types of tacos, rice, guac and chips, salad, street corn, and desserts. I really wanted to try 2 sides plus dessert in addition to my taco so I was pleased to hear you can also do 4 for $12.

I had the chili relleno taco, rice, street corn, and churro. I was at first disappointed that the relleno wasn't battered and fried but it was very tasty. Filled with a zesty mix of veggies and tofu and topped with cheese. It was a welcome unique choice for vegetarians, such as myself. It was small though but luckily the side dishes are generous portions and will fill you up.

Street corn was yummy. I prefer my corn off the cob and was happy that it was. The rice was good but nothing special. I added some of their zippy salsa which really elevated the taste. The churro was OMG good. They were mini churros served with vanilla ice cream. (Also a warning for people who get it to-go... I have a tendency to put my dessert aside for later. Glad I checked it when I got back to my office otherwise it would have been vanilla soup!)

Overall, great experience. I wish they offered beans. I know the menu is simple but beans are a Mexican staple and I really missed them with my meal. I would also recommend getting some signage and sprucing the place up inside. It has great potential and the food is 10x better than any nearby Mexican place.
