MS-hfug4QDXqb_Mws3qlzA Taco this weekend...we thought to go to La Carnita...however they dont open till 5pm and Grand electric was the easy choice. 

Walked in around 12:15pm and the place was a ghost-town (indoor). The waitress offered to take us to the patio and there was 1 picnic table left with our names written all over it. I'm not a regular- and this was my first time. Apparently this is a big deal and my prize for being an early worm. I found out the hard way as exactly an hour later while i was leaving. The indoor section was packed and people lined up outside to try and get in. Insane. Glad I went bright and early!

We waited for our lunch mates and ordered from the wide variety of cervesaz- both local craft and household Mexican beers. Ample choices and on a nice summer day- beer on the patio ( no bugs - which is a plus). I also liked the fact that it wasn't just one server assigned to us and that we got attention from multiple servers who were informative and helpful and communicated well with each other very effectively.

Items I sampled in order of favorite to least:

1) Baja Fish- as carnivorous as I am and a big fan of chicken and red meat. This was hands down the pick of the crop. Deep fried but light and crispy. Garnished well. Yum
2) Spicy Chicken- Was good- had a lot of flavor in it. however a little light on the meat department so the garnishes over took the taste. Not as spicy as i would like for a Mexican place- however they have a lot of hot sauces in different flavors for you to add on.
3) Kale Ceaser Salad- took us a while to figure out what the orange seasoning on top of the salad was. Asked the server and she told us it was pumpkin seeds. Large portion- more than enough for 2-3 people.
4)Shrimp taco- I don't know, it didn't work for me. I think the deep fried shrimp and texture didn't gel well as it was chewy and it didn't mix with the other garnishes for this item. Wasnt bad-however i ordered a 2nd Baja fish to bring my spirits back up.

Was a great experience and not that expensive either. Give it a go!!!
