MS-hfug4QDXqb_Mws3qlzA Grand Electric is a tiny space, woody and dark. Though it's packed with seats, we were still told to wait at least an hour. Stomachs rumbling but determined to dine here, me and my man-date (Paul H!) decided to wait it out. Parkdale is still vibrant in the evenings and we killed some time at Community 54 and River Trading Co. About 45 minutes later we got the call and headed back. 

There was room at the bar, so we sidled up. It's a tight squeeze for sure, but it gave us a better few of the action, and we got to chat a bit with the bartenders. As others have mentioned here the music is loud and skews toward hip-hop and rap. At one point the tunes gave way for an interlude of gun-shots. Like twenty-five seconds worth. Comical indeed, but I guess the lesson here is: bring someone you don't mind shouting at, i.e., date number four, not number one.

The have a short draft menu, and a long list of dark spirits particularly bourbon. Their specialty is a bourbon sour with vanilla infused Wild Turkey and it looked like they tossed an egg white in there too. The result is a very sweet sour (if that makes any sense) served in a tall glass. It went down smooth. 

We ordered a plate of chips and fresh guacamole ($8), the spicy squid ($9), and three tacos each ($10). I opted for the fish, pork belly taco and beef cheeks. The guac was super fresh and lime-y and you could find ample chunks of avocado that had been spared by the pestle. It was served with a playing-card-sized pork rind sticking straight up in the guac. Great. The spicy squid was crispy rings of squid in a tangy red sauce. Not very spicy but a great snack. The tacos were on the small side but each was quite delicious. I would recommend the fish taco, and the pork belly. The beef cheek tasted almost sweet, so I found myself killing with it with spicy salsa.

Sharing the two apps and three tacos apiece seemed to be JUST enough for the two grown man-boys dining that night. The vibe here is great if you don't mind the wait. 

Obligatory Title Pun: Grand Electric is irRESISTible.

Menu Readability: In cursive on monstrous (and obviously custom-sized) chalkboard throughout.

Need to mention: Push that door to get in.

What this place teaches me about myself: I'll wait for tacos. I'll wait forever.
