MS-hfug4QDXqb_Mws3qlzA After hearing about this place by word of mouth, I had to come here.  I've been a pretty big fan of what the guys here had done at the Black Hoof, so I had to go and see what they were up to.

Word of warning, the place isn't exactly the biggest place in the world and apparently everyone in Toronto wants to come here as well.  Come early for a seat cause they go like lightning (or... electricity... [i know... awesome pun]).  We got there at 6:10 the night of a blizzard, and we were pretty much the last people that they seated.  This place doesn't take reservations so definitely get here when it opens or be prepared to wait.

The bar menu is pretty extensive, and when I mean extensive, I mean that they have pretty much a million types of whiskeys, bourbons and scotches.  Following the Black Hoof's philosophy that vodka pretty much sucks, they stock their walls with spirited brown bottles and offer them in shots, mixes and on rocks.  

I ordered the Grand Electric Sour thanks to reading Kent P. 's review and was not disappointed.  You'll see them making these vanilla infused wild turkey, lemon juice, egg white delights in multiple batches as they're pretty popular.  And ya, I would order them over and over.  Kinda reminds me of orange julius.

As for the menu, it's constantly changing, but the theme remains the same.  The tacos are served tapas style, and you pretty much order them one by one.  They come in 3 inch flour tortillas and are filled with your options of pig tail, baja fish, beef cheek, shrimp etc.  I pretty much ordered the entire menu and found that the pork belly was probably one of my favorite tacos there.  The other ones weren't letdowns either.  At 3 dollars per taco, you'll find yourself ordering pretty much everything just to try the menu out.

As a note, I did hear the guacamole was amazing, and did see the giant dipping dish come out (fyi, it's not small), but sadly, I'm allergic to the green stuff so I can't comment on it...  

While this probably isn't the best taco I've had (see my review for Tres Carnales in Edmonton), it's by far the best taco place in Toronto.  Hands down.  Even with the wait, I will definitely come back here again, and again, and again.  And then a couple more times after that.  I'd like the left side of the menu please.
