MS-hfug4QDXqb_Mws3qlzA There had been so much hype about Grand Electric that I was surprised it took me so long to check this place out. Finally, for a double birthday celebration, my friends and I ventured to Parkdale to finally taste some much lauded tacos!

Between the 7 of us, we were able to order everything on the menu, except for the ensalada electrico (because none of us were too interested in a salad that day). We each ordered our choice of tacos and shared everything else. 

One of my friends ordered a Grand Electric Sour, which was recommended by our waitress. I took a sip and thought it was disgusting at first. However, after a few more sips, the drink grew on me.

Now onto the food!!

Guacamole and chips ($8)-this was fabulous, and probably one of my favourite items in the evening! The chips were super fresh, and the chicharrón in the middle of the guacamole was incredibly light yet crunchy at the same time. It was an immediate hit at the table.

Chipotle shrimp ($8.50)- probably my least favourite dish of the night due to personal preferences. I'm not a big fan of raw shrimp, and I much prefer them to be cooked. All in all, I didn't enjoy the slimy texture.

Tuna ceviche ($7.50)- Another sashimi-like dish. I thought the flavours were bright and refreshing. 

Chicken fritto ($12)- can't comment because I only had a bite of it. The general sentiment was that people enjoyed it. The chicken was topped with a mountain of cilantro, which could almost be a salad itself. 

Spicy squid ($9), one of my favourite dish of the night. I loved the sweet and tangy sauce that coated the squid, and it was well-complemented by green onions, cilantro, and avocado chunks.

Pozole rojo ($12 for large)- a hearty pork and tripe soup accompanied with more of those delicious chips. There was a great deal of meat in the soup, making it more like a stew. My friends commented that it tasted like Korean pork bone soup. For me personally, there was too much meat in the soup, although the flavours were rich and bold. I also didn't think that the chips paired well with the soup, and I would've preferred to have some bread instead.

There were 5 options available that night.

Baja fish- I thought it was quite tasty. The fish was moist and fried nicely, but overall, I think I prefer the fish taco from La Carnita. 

Pork belly al pastor- I particularly loved the contrast between the rich and fatty pork belly and the sweetness of the pineapple! It packed a mouthful of flavour and just kept luring me back for more bites! 

Beef cheek- the beef was juicy and incredibly flavourful, and the overall combination of all the toppings (green onions, jalapeños, cilantro and avocado) was very satisfying. The jalapeños gave a kick of heat, but the taco, as whole, wasn't very spicy. More hot sauce please!

Fried queso & poblano- the cheese was appropriately mild and didn't overpower the sautéed poblano peppers, which was very tasty. 

Spicy arbol chicken- not very memorable, and certainly not very spicy. That was probably my least favourite taco of the night. 

Dessert time- two options: key lime and chocolate & pecan. My favourite one was, hands down, the mini key lime pudding, which consisted of a layer of graham cracker crust, key lime filling, and topped with whipped cream. I loved the tangy filling and I loved the graham cracker crust even more! 

In comparison, the chocolate & pecan pudding was rather disappointing. Even though the portion was small, the pudding resembled fudge, and was much too rich and heavy. I didn't like it at all. 

It was a satisfying meal, even though Mexican food is not my favourite genre. I had lots of fun chatting and laughing in the lively atmosphere. I wouldn't rush to come back any time soon, given its no-reservation policy. The food was good, but it wasn't awesome for me. Nevertheless, I had a great experience here, and I'm really glad I finally tried the food.
