mS_dBSMFiDJn4UVc0iv6Hg okay. So i have been eyeing this place since it opened. I love japanese food, to the point that i make sushi during my lunch break.  Initially, I was excited about anything japanese and the suggestion that there was raw fish involved - super excited.  But upon review of the menu, I had many criticisms - the price was high for lunch - most people who work in the area are public employees, not high paid attorneys - $12 for lunch was too high.  - since then, the price has gone down a couple dollars and makes it better the large portion you can somewhat share with a co-worker with something else brought from home. It's now about $8-$10.  

ALSO there is a new menu which takes out the weird combinations that did not seem appealing like suggesting meat and raw fish in a burrito and everything was mixed.  So I looked at a new menu and using my culinary side, developed a dish that would work well.

Suggestions: cucumbers, chopsticks, have the shredded daikon by itself - sometimes simple is better, SOY PAPER - the sushi "burrito" now on japanese menus uses soy paper, not tortillas.. 

criticisms:  Kimchi slaw did not taste like kimchi, you should use napa cabbage instead,  SUSHI is fish and rice together, it does not mean fish so your menu should say fish and you should denote whether it is raw or not with an asterix.  Also, poke is Hawaiian - not japanese.

Japanese - rice bowl, whatever fish combination (i chose spicy salmon, spicy tuna, and shrimp tempura) NO edamame or beans, both asian and kimchi slaw, dragon fire sauce, and teriyaki chipotle.

All in all, i took my food back to my office and rolled it up in pieces of nori to make hand rolls.  

Praise: Loved the moist towelettes it came with, pickled ginger and wasabi in the back condiment station, free green tea mochi this month, and as usual a wonderful and courteous staff - which i know the owner realizes is essential here! , made my experience delightful. 

frightfully though, i hope this stays in business.  the menu change was one thing, but i think you need better advertising and overall branding to really make this place a must go and an everyday lunch destination.  i will continue going and posting and sharing my combinations to do my best to help it along.  #cheerstosmallbusinesses and more power!

ADVICE IF YOU ARE GOING TO TRY THIS:
stick to one cuisine.  if you r feeling mexican food, do mexican and the toppings.  if you want japanese with raw fish, stick to rice NOT even salad.  The chicken teriyaki is an in-between you could certainly make this a "wrap" not really a burrito though. if you want some suggestions, go ahead and comment and i would be happy to reply. happy eating!
