ms7cmWkPiSBDTnz-1sv2kQ Y'all are officially on notice.  Why?  It was based on these reviews that I decided to try the place.

I was totally prepared to wait when we arrived because we got there at about 7:15 on a Friday night.  They said 30 min wait for a party of 5. Not too bad.  After watching 3 groups who came in after us be seated first (and yes, one was a party of 5) we approached the hostess stand to check on things.  Suddenly we were "next".

Server was Justin.  He said his hellos, told us about the specials, took our drink orders. We'd planned to try a few appetizers, but at that point we were all hungry enough we wanted to go right for the main course. Then we were brought the chips and salsa.  I inquired about the 3 salsas.  He said, this one is hot, this one is pico de gallo, and this is our pineapple salsa.  The chips weren't just "got out of a bag" chips, they were no-name, not very good, wouldn't serve them to my friends chips.  But, we nibbled on them anyhow because we wanted to try the salsas.  I went right for the hot.  Hot?  It was barely warm.  It was very "tomato" tasting, with one person commenting that it almost had spagetti sauce taste.  How can you be going for a Latin flavor and not be packing any heat??  I try the "Pico de gallo".  It's chunky salsa.  But whatever.  It had that fresh taste that many salsas have fresh out of the bottle.  My last hopes were the pineapple salsa.  It was different, and in the end the one I actually liked the most because at least they were trying to be creative.

Can you believe I'm not to the main courses yet?  Justin sets them down quickly and makes his escape.  Visually - they were quite good.  2 of our folks got tortas - one beef and one chicken.  They were "fine".  Both tortas and the burgers come with fries and the fruit slaw on the side. No one liked the slaw.(Friend said it was more straw than slaw)  To me, it was ok - but not worthy of the large portion it took on the plate.  Would have been MUCH better to just fill the plate with the waffle fries that were actually pretty good.  One person got shrimp enchiladas.  That was pretty good - but could have been done just as well or better by quite a few places in town.  I got the pork loin chops.  Honestly - with this being one at their highest price point, I figured I should really get to see their strength here.  It was pretty.  The two thin chops were cooked fine - but it wasn't cooked IN anything for extra flavor, which pork really needs.  It touted an "herby garlic, cilantro, lime sauce".  It was green, and not bad, but with those things you would have thought it might have had more kick.  Or at least flavor. It wasn't bad in a way that detracted from the meal, but it didn't add much.  The green beans were at that same "fine" point.  They were very green and looked great.  But beyond the almonds someone threw on top (again, not cooked with at all, just threw on top at the last minute) there wasn't much flavor.  ( I buy the big frozen bag from Trader Joe's, steam them, toss w/ a pat of butter, salt and pepper and they could kick the butt of these green beans. I didn't have that high of a bar, but they didn't even meet it.)

The night was capped with some poor service mistakes.  Several of us had discussed trying a desert.  Instead of a request for desert, we got a check.  We figured it was a sign.  We were dividing the check into 2.  A friend who had been a server suggested that we mark the items that went on a particular card and then it was easiest for them to split the check.  We were explaining that to Justin as he was seemingly running from the table. (Did we have ebola and no one told us?)  When he accidentally put the wrong total on each card, and we asked him to switch the totals, rather than go do it, he was argumentative at the table for several minutes about how he did it right and kept trying to push fault to the friend who handed him the bill. he then stormed from the table (like a 2 yr old) saying as he went, "Fine, I'll just have to go switch them".  Yea, that's all we'd been going for.  The whole table felt uncomfortable and insulted.  A friend noticed we were "dropped off" to go boxes when all other tables had their food taken away and the server put them in the boxes.  I don't know if we just had an awful server or if he thought we'd be bad tippers (I've never gone under 20% for good service - bad never gets less then 15%) but it will be a long time before any of us go there again. The atmosphere was cute, but the food was not a good value and never really rose above "Ok".
