muefnimyq_3KIdEouJFvrA To be clear: I did not eat at Sir Veza's The Big Restaurant Attached To The Mall. I ate at Sir Veza's Taco Garage The Place In The Food Court Because I'm Cheap.

I'm not a business analyst, but what it looks like they've done is built their restaurant right next to the food court, so they share a wall, and then carved out one of the food court sections so now it's like the restaurant has a closet that they take orders from and bring you food. You can sit there, in the food court, with the rest of the food court eaters. The food wasn't super fast, which is great because that makes me believe they are making it fresh, and "ho doggy" it did seem to be pretty fresh. It wasn't slow either though. I didn't feel like I was sitting around waiting or anything. It took the appropriate amount of time.

I ordered a Sir Noran Hot Dog or something like that. I think the name is supposed to be a play on words because the name of the place starts with 'Sir', but I don't get it. It doesn't really matter though. I'm ok if they want to call it that. Anyway, I ordered it, and it was delicious. If you like hotdogs, you'll either like this, or you're a liar.

The ambiance of the food court in general is a wonderfully grounding experience. One of the things I love about the Chandler Fashion Square Mall is how diverse the shoppers are. You can sit in the food court for an hour, and absolutely make things up, and they'll inevitably walk through the place. Ugly kid on stilts. Totally overweight woman with 3 children. Guy who looks like the monopoly guy. Just any kind of person.

Overall I'm giving Sir Veza's Taco Garage a total of four freakin' stars, because the food was delicious, and the service was great, but compared to the cool taco-garage feel of the counter, going back and sitting in the mall food court means you don't get that full-on Sir Veza's experience. Well then, why did I eat at the food court instead of going to the restaurant? Well I'm not a genius, so I don't know. 4 stars is still really good, so don't worry about it.
