MZRqxvBkJLjKcoOjNz7yLA I don't feel comfortable giving this experience two stars, so one will have to do. There are key points that a restaurant needs to nail every time, every guest in order to be a "good" or even "great" restaurant. These points were not a priority at this tourist trap of an establishment. 

The ironic part of all this are the cheesy throwback plaques and sayings plastered all over the walls, boasting nonsense such as, "If you've had better food, it wasn't here!"  LOL! Irony at its finest. I have had some truly amazing food in my life, and I've had worse food than a run-down Roberto's here. 

1st point missed, poor staff training/ follow through. Our first interaction was with the only semi-competent employee, the hostess, who was obviously overwhelmed with us and one other waiting group. She asked how many we had in our party and then left the stand awkwardly to flim-flam about looking for space. Then more and more people piled in front in a disorganized array waiting to get in, in her absence. Her face was of despair when she returned and so she seats us haphazardly in front of the doors (group of 7, not smart). By some act of cruel fate, we get stuck with a short haired tattoo'd waitress with the most foul and "I hate my job" attitude I have ever met. What's even worse is how this town prides itself on knocking customer service and friendliness out of the park- this chick had no intent on attempting either of those. 

In addition to the rest of the no-no's that popped up in our brush with the server (getting exasperated with a child in our group, forgetting waters 3 times, etc), I asked a dietary-based question about the menu before ordering, and was given the most sarcastic and unnecessarily rude answer in return that made me want to shut up and never speak a word in that restaurant again. Is that how paying customers should feel here? 

2nd point missed- a CLEAN environment. This place felt sticky and oozed sticky dirtiness. The table was questionably clean, the floors were not once ever cleaned in the 2 hour time we were there and not even the cheesy balloon hat lady could distract from the random food items splattered everywhere around the floor. I am seriously blessed that I didn't get foodborne illness, in hindsight.

3rd point missed- tasty, timely food. Our food took 1 hour from the point of ordering (which was taken 30 mins after we sat down, mind you). The food was all lukewarm/cold, save for a fajita platter since you can't mess up the temperature of those. Taste was not there. Cold refried beans??? Chewy, icy carne asada? On second thought...Temperatures were DEFINITELY not there. 

The combination of these points being missed lead me to not only give this place a one star but vow never to return. Sayonara CC's!!
