NOfbzTpQ7hrt6ZbJVeXUUw Last meal in Las Vegas, after a week long vacation could not have been at a worst place. We were drawn in by the nice upstairs patio. The place has a good location with nice wrap around upstairs patio. We were a little surprised by how empty it was on a saturday night, but by the time we left it had become obvious why this place was basically dead. There were about 10 tables, all outside, with about 40-50 guest total. I counted no less than 5 servers... a bartender... and atleast one manager maybe two. Our server who lacked any kind of outgoing friendly charm, took our orders, a nacho(best thing ordered), a veggie burrito(ok kind of bland), chicken flauts(extremely dry meat), a "loco" salad(which came without any salad dressing which seemed to be par for the course as the four top beside us all got salads... that all came out without dressing) and some tacos(ranging from bland to ok... the short rib barbacoa was my favorite) and a chips & salsa(not complementary, but an order... that came out the same time as our food, so we just sent it back). We all got various drinks everyone liked.

So the food was ok at best and drink were good...

The service was easly the worst I've had in a long time. We were all pretty hungry, we ordered the chips & salsa to snack on... to bad they came out with the rest of our order(by which point all our waters were empty and drinks mostly gone). Our server could have fixed that had she ever came back to the table after taking our orders. I went inside to ask if our server could come by the table... 5 minutes later i had to go back inside and talk to her directly that none of us had anything to drink and a salad with no dressing... which they finally brought out about 7-10 minutes after the salad hit the table. Maybe they only have one kind of dressing? If so fine... if not who would know, they just brought one out without asking for a preference. It was sweet and tasted like Italian and didn't really complent the salad very well. 

After we had enough. We sat there another 10 mintues hoping this server would come back... she did not. I had to go back inside to pay the bill. I asked her if we could pay... "I'll be out there in a minute" she says with a trey full of drinks in her hands... i handed her my card.

She apologized repeatedly. She set down the drinks, went in the BoH and found her manager, who came out to comp several items on our bill but then quickly went back to the rock he had been hiding under. She again apologized emphatically and suggested that she had a "huge" party, again this place was dead. They had enough staff. 

In the end, the poor service was a product of a manager who couldn't give less of a fuck, setting a nonexistent example for a staff of neophyte girls with little to none experience of quality service. If your comping food off a bill but don't give a fuck about why or your guest experience enough to come by the table to offer any knid of incentive to come back... you don't belong in the SERVICE industry. Your restaurant is dead and your service sucks, and your only solution is comping food... GOOD LUCK.
