O_UC_izJXcAmkm6HlEyGSA Ai-yai-yai Ole ole (these are my tequila-fueled expressions of happiness)

Playa Cabana makes you feel like you're on vacation.  A vacation to the beach, via Dupont Street.

We boldly rolled up to Playa Cabana with no reservations.  Group of 4.  One of my friends had had dreams of tacos the previous night, so we were willing to wait it out to address her subconscious culinary cravings.  While kicking around the front patio (there's little room at the bar inside, and the front patio has yet to secure a liquor license, so it was a lot of sweating, foot shuffling, and debating how hot we'd want our guacamole as we stood around) we made friends with those waiting around us.  Consensus?  Playa Cabana is worth the wait.

When we made it in (victorious!) we were led through the restaurant.  It's a tight space, and certainly not the most convenient flow.  Blame my overheated body, but A/C felt nonexistent.  Solution?  PITCHER OF MARGARITAS POR FAVOR (we opted for the tequila and orange mix).

The service was simultaneously frenetic and casual, which in a way really suited the place.  Our server was really friendly, smiled with a twinkle in his eye when we ordered the guacamole spicy (it lived up to its name) and was as attentive as he could be given the many tables and the extremely tight space (which really means, I guess: he wasn't easy to locate, but we were having so much fun that it didn't really matter).  

Food-wise we tackled the (grilled) Baja-style fish tacos and the crispy chicken tacos, rounding off the order with some churros for dessert.  

I don't know if this review's enthusiasm comes care of the tequila, but: the food was dynamite.  

The guacamole, served in a molcajete, was predominantly smooth with a few chunks and some heat.  The accompanying chips were canola oil fried house-made corn tortillas.  They were on the greasier side, but I'm saying that...as a positive thing.
The fish tacos were fresh, and light, and flavourful, with the softness of the fish set against the crunch of the slaw.
The crispy chicken tacos were messier (I had to resort to my knife and fork) but the crispy shell was the perfect complement to the soft free-range chicken
Churros, well: fried dough is alright by me.  But this was cinnamon-y, sugary, dulce de leche-kissed fried dough.  Mo' bettah.  

Worth a special note: Playa Cabana seems determined to show that Mexican food can be healthy.  Fresh salsas, locally sourced dairy, free range chicken, and black and pinto beans cooked in veggie stock (the latter are re-seared with lean pork stock so don't stay vegetarian throughout the process).  Healthy tastes delicious here.  

Yelp note: do as I say not as I do?  Reservations recommended.
