O_UC_izJXcAmkm6HlEyGSA Hands down, this is the BEST Mexican food I've ever had.

My boyfriend and I dined at this little gem on a Saturday night.  I was able to make reservations the night before, however, there were very few time slots left, so I recommend making a reservation at least a few days in advance.  It is quite small, so I don't think you'd be able to get a table without a reservation.

We ordered guaca fresco (medium spice) and chorizos conquistadores to start.  The guacamole tasted really fresh; you can definitely tell it is made to order.  The chips were perfectly salted and there was just the right amount to go along with the guacamole.

The chorizo was AMAZING!  It was cooked perfectly and the sauce (simmered red wine and beer) complimented the meat so well.  Perfect portion for an appetizer (although I definitely could have eaten more!).

I ordered the chicken enchilada for my main meal.  This dish comes with two chicken enchiladas (chicken folded in corn tortillas and served with salsas verde/roja), re-fried beans (choice of black or pinto) and rice.  The enchiladas are a generous size and tasted great with the two salsas.  The re-friend beans were delicious and the rice - OMG!  I know it's just rice, but it might just be the most flavourful rice I've ever eaten.  Full disclosure: I couldn't finish the meal - but not because I didn't LOVE it - there was just so much food!

My boyfriend had the braised beef tacos, which I tried, and of course, loved!  The meat was so flavourful and the tacos held together so well (which is rare - hard taco shells tend to break apart when you eat them).  His dish came with three tacos with the option to add re-friend beans and rice (which he opted for).

I also ordered a margarita (a must when dining at a Mexican restaurant!).  It was a little different from your standard margarita, as it had blueberries and raspberries, but it was delicious and refreshing (and they definitely don't skimp on the alcohol!).

Our waiter was very friendly and knowledgeable about the menu (he did a great job of explaining the different types of margaritas).  The service was quick. And the prices were very reasonable! 

I will, undoubtedly, return to this restaurant in the near future.  A must try if you're a fan of Mexican food!
