o2nt0ZJP0WmdDL-4HV-p4w This is our new favorite Mexican restaurant. All I can say is wow!! I heard great reviews about the location downtown but had never gotten there. The Henderson location was worth the wait. Everything on the menu is homemade fresh on site. The complimentary chips are served warm with bean dip and a green salsa, light, delicious and not too spicey, with fresh cilantro and chunks of onion and tomato. For something with more kick, ask them to blend you a batch of habanero salsa, with a creamier blended sauce consistency. We used it on our red rice too - it was amazing! We got a heaping order of nachos (enough for 4) with guacamole (chunky and fresh), house creme, jalapeños, tomatoes, onions, and melted shredded cheese. The burritos were overstuffed. The order of carne asada fajitas was huge, served on the traditional sizzling skillet, with grilled onions, tomatoes and mixed peppers. On the side were refried beans, rice and tortillas, made fresh at a tortilla station near the kitchen. While we were there a birthday girl was surprised with a dessert and song from the waiters. The dessert case was tempting! Save room because they have homemade flan, cheesecake, fried ice cream, cakes and pastries. It took a while for us to read through the menu. They have appetizer sampler platters and more than just chicken, pork and carne entree choices, with fresh fish, shrimp, and more than a few delicious looking salad options. They also make homemade tamales (chicken, pork and sweet) for sale as a dinner or larger takeout option. And we weren't rushed through dinner. The hostesses were welcoming, the waiters and busboys were so attentive.. we never had an empty glass, and our silverware was even changed between courses. We met the new manager, Julian who was super friendly, constantly watching over his waitstaff and customers. He was totally professional and still hands on making sure his customers were all satisfied and even helping his waitstaff.  We spoke with him for a moment and you can tell he's super proud of this restaurant and invested in its success. We're very picky about eating out. This restaurant was a winner! A+ We'll be back soon!!
