of4V8nfW7GwJ03tLDdrOlA Inside the airport at the 'D' Gates, you will find two restaurants with sit down options. Barrio Cafe is one of them, but they lure you in because in addition to standard tables and chairs, they also have couches and lounge chairs.

Sign at the entrance says wait to be seated, but with only two wait staff running around a considerable area, I wasn't optimistic one of them would greet and seat me. Eventually, after a minute wait, a waiter with a smile on his face, yelled across the room as he was delivering someone's order, "Seat yourself, anywhere is fine."

I found a nice two-seated, black leather couch in the corner. I occupied one of the seats, and my bags the other. A friendly waitress made her way to my area after about five minutes and delivered a menu and took my drink order. I wasn't that hungry, but I felt I might be on the verge of a migraine, so getting water to take my meds was paramount to me. I also ordered a Coca Cola to help give me a jolt of energy. I think I waited another 5 minutes for the drinks to arrive.  When you are in pain and wanting to take your meds, the wait for water is exceptionally noticeable.

The menu didn't really have anything appealing, so I ordered $10 guacamole from the appetizer menu. I was intrigued that mashed avocados could be listed at that price. Apparently you pay for the entertainment value. The waitress wheeled a cart that looked more like the bus boy cart in front of my coffee table and asked me if I wanted all of the ingredients. I said yes even though I had no idea what special ingredients might be included in this masterpiece. The waitress sprinkled, scooped and mixed about seven different items together, many of which I had no idea what they were. She then presented me with a small, red, mixing bowl with some mashed and some chunked avocado with bright red pomegranate seeds on top. This was highly unusual to me. I tried it, but the pomegranate seeds added to the mix didn't really do anything to enhance the flavor. I ate a few more bites to see if it would grow on me, but alas, I left the majority of the creation sitting in the bowl and promptly fell asleep on the couch using my bags as my pillow.

My waitress was kind enough not to disturb me, but she promptly attended to me when I awoke 30 minutes later asking if I wanted anything else. I told her that I wouldn't be getting anything else, but that I would be here for another 30 minutes since my flight was delayed. We settled the tab and I tipped her handsomely to compensate her for the loss of new customers that might have sat in her section on the couch.

The service was okay, the food selection and guacamole was...meh, especially considering the prices, the comfortable lounge seating was a nice perk, and with limited choices in this section of the airport, I might be forced to return, but hopefully not.
