OjnRf8yDGEBCoUDdchSViw If you see this truck in town you need to run it down and experience this wonderful cajun goodness that is run and owned by Chef Brown. If you have trouble finding this truck around town, you'll have no trouble finding it at Food Truck Fridays. (Additional Info. below).

Chef Brown's truck is infamous for its legendary Jamburrito. Legend has it that the Jamburrrito is  jambalaya wrapped in a tortilla. Intrigued by what I had heard about this Southwest Cajun Fusion, I had to experience it for myself, and I took my husband along for the ride. Just like Indiana Jones looking for the lost ark, we journeyed downtown to Food Truck Fridays on a quest for the Jamburrito.

We discovered the Jamburrito three Fridays ago, and have returned often.The truck serves up food that is fresh, addictive, top quality, reasonably priced, and packed with a lot of punch. You're left full and satisfied because of the cajun flavors and portions. I can see why this truck was given high marks in AZ, and was almost selected for the Great Food Truck Race on the Food Network!!

Recommendations: 

CHICKEN or GRILLED CATFISH JAMBURRITO
We usually order the chicken or grilled catfish jamburrito and some hushpuppies. Oh my gosh!! Heaven in our mouths. One of the things I am particular about are tortillas, and the tortillas Chef Brown uses are spot on. While eating the Jamburrito I felt like I had one foot in New Orleans, and the other in Texas. 

BELGIAN WAFFLES AND BUFFALO WINGS
This order includes one waffle, three buffalo wings, and some hushpuppies with dipping sauce. Best waffle and wings ever!!!! The waffle is crisp and is dusted with bacon and powdered sugar that can be dipped in syrup. Yummy!!!! The wings don't look like your typical wing. They look like mini lamb chops with a little bone sticking out. The wings are meaty, juicy, and have a crispy skin. The wings are placed in a rubb and sauce. Amazing!!! Oh my gosh!!!! My mouth is watering while I type this up.

Stop reading...go and visit..and tell him that Tenisha says hi!!!


Additional Info:
The truck is a part of a food truck coalition that can be found  in the Phoenix Public Market Parking Lot on Fridays from 11am-1:30pm and Saturdays from 8am-Noon. 

14 E. Pierce/721 N. Central
(NE corner of Central Avenue and Pierce Street)
