oN_A87dyVD2FBk7coLnhCg Wow!  I mean WOW!!!  I've been here three times now. I have tried the carne asada fries, bean and cheese burrito, chicken (hard shell) tacos, and most recently their carne asada burrito. 

The asada fries were not bad, I have no complaints. They're better than Roberto's, Don Tortaco, and most every other fast food Mexican place in Las Vegas. The bean and cheese burrito was pretty good for being just that, beans and cheese. The beans and the cheese were both flavorful. Not too salty, not bland. 

Now, the chicken tacos are AMAZING!!  The chicken isn't just tender and seasoned, but the taco shell is crunchy.  They're not pre-maid shells, it tastes as if everything is made freshly. They come with some lettuce and a blend of cheeses that compliments the flavor of the chicken. You can add hot sauce, but honestly you won't need to if you want taste the good flavors. I could eat about 3 of them in one sitting (although I haven't just yet). 

I just had their carne asada burrito and I was blown away. Not only did I get flavor from the first to the last bite, but it also had the right amount of beans, rice, and meat along with some pico de gallo. The burrito itself is huge as you'll see by my pictures. I put napkins and a fork by the burrito for size comparison. The meat itself is tender and there weren't any pieces of meat that are nerves (the hard to chew pieces of meat). All in all, it's is all you need for a lunch meal. I bought mine with the chicken taco and I almost couldn't finish them both. 

Since I've been here three times now, I can say that it is definitely the best Mexican food place to eat at. However, it's not a restaurant (it's more like a diner); it's inside a gas station (which btw I would normally NEVER eat at), but don't let that turn you off. 

The only two drawbacks are they only take cash (no biggie for me since I can't understand why anyone would use a credit card for fast food) and their hours. They don't open long enough for my schedule. So just make sure you check on yelp before you go. Oh and make sure to tip them even if it's your first time. Once you try your food, you'll understand why.  Those cooks are the best!!!!!
