Oqw-vwoYx-pVIIjOu6KMxA First - I am addicted to their red sauce. So so good. The prices are excellent and the food here has always been very good and tasty.

Additionally, I have never personally had bad service at the Ray/Gilbert location. This is mainly because I know what I want, order it quickly, and watch/listen for my order when it is ready. I don't ask for discounts or for my food to be brought to the parking lot because I left my baby in the car to come order a burrito or anything outside of the stock experience.

However, every time I come - - - EVERY TIME - - over multiple weeks the past three months, I have witnessed at least one incident of very poor customer service by the counter staff, both the balding guy who says 'bro' a great deal and the blonde woman with dark glasses. They do not appear to have a manager on staff very often - I have heard someone named 'Mark' mentioned but I think I have only seen this person once over six to eight visits. Perhaps over the holidays, the manager was on vacation?

On multiple occasions, I have seen the blonde woman texting while the phone goes unanswered. On at least two occasions, I have heard the guy complaining to the woman using locker room language about a customer who has just left that he did not get along with for one reason or another. I have seen customers come in about orders that were not delivered when promised. I have heard customers call and be upset about waiting excessive time for their orders.

To be fair, I have seen an unusually high number of odd requests from customers as well. I have seen customers argue about a six cent difference between what the menu says and what 'Mark' charges them. I have seen a man come in who left a baby in his car and wanted them to bring the order outside for him. I have seen a woman yell because her order for twelve burritos was taking longer than five minutes when three people had ordered two burritos each just ahead of her. Not sure why their is so much drama here but there seems to be.

If you want a good cheap burrito that is a step above Taco Bell and has the best red taco sauce I have ever had - seriously, I have dreamt about this sauce - and you come into the restaurant versus having it delivered, I think you'll be pleased. If you come in expecting Chipotle or Macayo's quality or want them to do more than make the burrito and then put it on the counter, you may be disappointed.
