1x8_aJQ-iqvymhRK3SNbLg After seeing many ads for this place on Facebook, I decided to check it out. Came in on a Saturday morning about 11am. As others have said, definitely not the best location or decorations. However, this place blew me away with the food and drink.

Let's start with the food:

Great Mexican focused menu with minimal options for those looking for something different. Ordered the queso fundido which was just ok. The dish was good but the chips seemed like they weren't fresh. We also ordered the shrimp cocktail which was amazing!!! It was almost entirely shrimp and a good enough size to justify the price. Good flavor as well. For the main dish I ordered the menudo since I was a little hungover. The bowl was much larger than I öexpected and it had a good ratio of meat, hominy, and juice. It came with onions, cilantro, extra chili flakes, and lime on the side. Fantastic deal compared to other places that serve menudo in Phoenix.

As for drinks, we sat at the bar and shared a bucket of coronas. Again, great deal on buckets and very comparable to other bars in the area. They also have domestic buckets for a few dollars less. Draft beer is a little limited, but it's definitely a tequila bar. Wide variety of premium tequila and variations on margaritas. Although happy hour is only Monday through Friday, we did notice that it seemed like they have some good deals on beer, wine, and wells during the week as well.

Lastly, the service. I can see why people might have a problem with the service, but we avoided this by sitting at the bar and chatting with the bartender who took very good care of us. He offered to change the channel on the gigantic TV sitting at the bar, brought all of our food and drink in a timely manner and even put the volume up a little for us when we played music on their jukebox. I felt bad for him because it seemed like it was just him and the one cook working. He was greeting the customers, taking orders, making drinks, running food, bussing tables, and cleaning. Definitely a hard working staff who might just need a little extra help to give perfect service. I was more than happy to tip over 20% for the service we got.

In sum, the experience I had on my first visit was good enough to make me come back the very next day. Same great food, great service. Don't let the location or looks of the restaurant fool you, it's worth your time and money to visit and try for yourself.
