OxS3vO6dFwkCz_Zjl71M-w I came here for Christmas Day and the place was packed. I came and got sat down without a menu, which it was ok, but then our waiter (maxi) came and took our drink orders and never realized we didn't have menus. So then I went to ask for some. Later when we ordered we asked him if they still had the lunch special and he looked like he was rushing and said yes we have everything. So then we proceeded to order we got lunch fajitas and then for the young one with us we ordered chicken wings that were in the kids menu and fries. Even in the picture the chicken wings didn't have sauce on them so we assumed there was no sauce. When we ordered it, he never mentioned there benign hot sauce on them as a child was going to eat them. The food took a while and he was constantly running around the restaurant and not checking up on us except for once to tell us the food was almost ready. But the food didn't come out until 20
Minutes after that. When the food came out and we saw what was on the chicken wings we told the other waitress and she asked if he mentioned they had hot sauce and we said no, then then brought it back and made a new batch. Which I was thankful for, except they forgot the fries. We were a little fed up so we didn't care anymore. After that we are and the food was amazing. Best food I've tasted. He again didn't come back to check on us for a while even when we were done eating. Another waitress noticed we were done and asked if we were ok and then he came and shooed her away and we told him we wanted the check. He brought it to us and it was shocking. He charged us regular price for the fajitas and we asked him before we ordered if we could get lunch, and when I pointed this out to him, he then proceeded by saying that it included the tax when I saw it included in the bottom after the subtotal. After I told him that, he said no it's in there. Then he left and came back and said no I ordered the regular big ones for y'all not the lunch. I was getting ready to argue that when my father told me not to, that it was ok because he was so fed up with the service. We just paid it and left. (It didn't include the fried thank god which we never got but ordered) the food at this place is amazing but the service was horrible.
