pEH8XwiyGOe1t7GlboAgGw I came with a group of friends to sample the winterlicious menu. Service was very good and very attentive. There was never an empty cup at our table. The decor was simple and nice however it is insanely dark and a little more lighting would not come amiss.

We ordered a few starters off of the winterlicious menu.

Ceviche Blanco: Nice light flavors. The coconut flavor is mild but interesting. It comes with an assortment of chips to eat with. I particularly like the taro chips. Overall I think the flavors were a bit too mild for a ceviche, though the freshness of flavor was there. Mediocre.

Ceviche Traditional: I liked this better. It had a punchier flavor than the blanco and a better balance of flavors.

For the winterlicious menu:

Empanadas de Tinga: (Chicken Empanadas) Moist filling with a crispy shell. It was good. Compared to the other dishes, this wasn't plated as nicely but it was satisfying.

Pozole de Cerdo y Camaron: (Pulled Pork Soup) Hearty punchy flavors with a mild heat. The flavors get a bit redundant with a few spoons though.

Ropa Vieja: (Brisket) Hearty but the portion was smaller than could really be considered an entree. It was beautifully displayed though.

Albondigas en Adobo: (Turkey Meatballs) Moist and juicy with a flavorful sauce. This was a nicer portion.

Ice cream: There were two flavors; dulce de leche & mango and passion fruit. The mango and passion fruit was very tart but I like sour. Even so, the dulce de leche was even better, so creamy and smooth.

Cake: This wasn't on the winterlicious menu however the day we came in it was being offered so we opted for this option. The cake was a thick kind of sponge that was very thick, sweet, and moist. It is a little on the heavier side but has lighter flavors.

Overall, I think the food was okay. The presentation was beautiful, the service was very good and attentive. Would I come back here again? Probably not. For the price of the food to the quality, I was not wowed, or that impressed. Los Colibris strikes me as a restaurant that tries too hard to impress with the pretty, not so much the quality of the food. The flavor profiles of the food left me saying "meh" at the end of the night.
