pEH8XwiyGOe1t7GlboAgGw Writing this review is a bit of an internal struggle. I dined here for winterlicious based on previous reviews and the fact that it was rated one of the top 10 restaurants in Toronto on Trip Advisor. I must say, it did not live up to any expectations. 

This restaurant is in a great central location with tons of street parking nearby as well as a few parking lots. The restaurant itself is classy and beautiful. We were greeted several times by multiple servers upon being seated and it was very welcoming. This restaurant has no issues when it comes to service overall, everyone was attentive (re folded napkins whenever someone left the table to use the restrooms), polite and seemed to genuinely enjoy working there. The food itself seems to be where the restaurant is lacking.. 

Firstly the drinks are incredibly overpriced and quality wise they are just mediocre. For $12 a drink, I was expecting something better than average but it was pretty much just a basic margarita with a stick of rosemary as garnish. Not horrible, but I definitely didn't want another. 

Fair warning, all portions of food were incredibly small and everyone at the table left feeling like they could still eat another course. As for food to start our table had the jicama salad, pulled pork soup and empanadas de tinga. The salad was again, basic. The flavours were balanced but it was nothing special and something I could probably make quite easily at home. The empanadas were good but again were nothing extraordinary flavour wise. The soup was probably the tastiest of the bunch but was also quite oily. Once it was finished there was a rim of oil residue left on the bowl. Kind of unsettling. For mains we had the ropa vieja and the tlantonile. The brisket was good and full of flavour, and there weren't any complaints about the dish besides how small of a portion it was for an entree. The tlantonile was also good but poblano croquettes were lacking flavour and without the veggies and sauce to accommodate them they would have been relatively bland. Also again, portion was incredibly tiny and felt like an appetizer. Finally for dessert we had the ice cream duo and dulce de leche cake which wasn't on the main menu. The ice cream was probably the best part of the entire meal. They were both rich, creamy, perfectly sweet and so indulgent. The dulce de leche cake was very boring. Probably I the lowest point of the meal. 

So all in all, I really wanted to love this place. After reading so many positive reviews I admit I had high hopes for it. However I found it to be incredibly underwhelming. Nothing was overly innovative, portions were small and to be quite honest I've had better Mexican at some hole in the wall restaurants. This place gets a solid 5 for service, but only a 3 - 3.5 for food.
