pGwfOqNEL8FbMUFspJdAMA 2/22/2016, national margarita day - let me preface this review by saying that I've been to Patron multiple times without any issue. 

I get it, the place was packed. My friend and I requested a table for two at around 9:30 PM. While we were being seated, we noticed a group of friends sitting nearby and went to chat. After being encouraged to sit down (where there was easily enough room for two others) we did. 

The waitress that came by could not be more hostile. Immediately stating that no additional orders were being taken, but that we could "go to the bar yourself and grab a drink"

After my friend and I grabbed drinks (quite easily I may add, as if they weren't actually as backed up as she claimed) we sat back at the table and resumed chatting with our friends. 

At one point, the waitress happens to walk by, checking in on everyone and grabbing empty plates. She bumps my margarita glass accidentally, to which I joked 'what if she did that on purpose'. Well, she turns around to state, "if I wanted to, I wouldn't have bumped your glass, I would've taken the whole thing and dumped it over your head" to which I laughed hysterically. 

She also stated "once you finish your drinks, you need to leave this table. My manager has my back" FALSE!

Her manager came over a few minutes later to ensure everything was alright and apologize that we were not served. 

Listen I get it, it's a busy time, we didn't behave as the ideal customers by sitting with friends we saw instead of the table they had assigned us, but some of these statements were straight out of a Server Training Video titled, "what not to say to customers, no matter how terrible your night"

What an awful experience from what used to be one of my favorite spots for casual Mexican food. Unfortunately, 0 stars is not an option. 

I'd recommend firing this waitress (don't recall her name, not that I cared, but she'd be the one you saw and thought 'yea, she's too old to be a waitress at a Mexican chain'), but I doubt she's qualified to obtain work anywhere else. Definitely not with that attitude.
