plHKBwA18aWeP-TG8DC96Q This is the letter that I wrote and mailed to the management staff at Smoke. 

August 4, 2016
 
To whom it may concern,

<U+200B>I am a huge fan of Smoke, but I am writing this letter to in regards to an experience I had at Smoke last night. Three friends and myself came to Smoke for dinner last night for our friend's birthday. When we arrived at 7 p.m., we were told that the wait would be between 45 minutes- 1 hour and that we would be texted whenever our table was ready. We walked around Lawrenceville, and around 8 p.m., we decided to start walking back towards Smoke as our wait time was nearing 1 hour. (We did not receive a text yet.) When we came back in, we inquired about how much longer our wait would be. The greeter said our group was the next group of 4 to be seated, and it would be about 20 more minutes. We were a little annoyed at this point, but we decided we would wait, as this was the first time at Smoke for two of my friends. We saw a group of 4 leave, so we were thinking that we would be seated after the table was cleaned off. After about ten minutes, the table was finally cleaned off and the greeter escorted another group of 4 to the table. So, we went back up to the greeter and asked what happened since we thought we were the next group to be seated. He said he didn't know what happened and that he was very sorry, but we were the next group to be seated. He again assured us that people were getting their checks and would be leaving. Again, after about another 20 minutes or so, another group of 4 left and that table was cleaned off. And again, another group of 4 was lead back to a table. At this point, when the greeter came back, we just looked at him, confused. He started scrolling on his iPad and kept saying he was sorry and how backed up the kitchen was tonight. At this point, we were ready to go, but also wanted to stay because of how much time we had invested. (It's about 8:45 at this point). The greeter comes over and says he will talk to his manager to see what he can do because he was so sorry. He came back and said there will be an order of chips and queso delivered to our table as soon as we sit down. I'm guessing that took longer than expected because a waitress brought the chips, queso, and water out to the table we were sitting at in the waiting area. As we were eating the chips and queso, she came back around to take our orders and assured us our food would be ready right when we sat down at a table. We placed our orders and continued to wait. Finally, around 9:15 p.m., we were seated at our table and like promised, our food came right out. The taste of your food hasn't missed a beat, but the service sure has.
<U+200B>I'm writing this letter because I'm been coming to Smoke since the Homestead days. Whenever I come to Smoke, I expect a wait, but ever since coming to Lawrenceville, this process has gone completely downhill.  I came here when Smoke first opened in Lawrenceville, and the service was really slow then too, but I attributed it to being newly opened and trying to work things out. When Smoke first opened in Lawrenceville, I was also told that Smoke would be on the No Wait app, but that still hasn't happened. I really do love the atmosphere and the food at Smoke, but if I ever come back again, it would just be to get takeout.  I went onto Yelp last night after I got home, and noticed many recent reviews on there have been about the same issues I addressed above.  I hope you don't take offense to this letter, but rather find the root of the problem, and work to fix it.  I wish you all the best in the future.
 
Thanks for taking the time to read this.
