pup46G8qFBG8695RtbQNwA We have always gone here before and sat at the bar. Maybe that's why the service was good. Tonight We went at 7 pm with five people (2 kids and 3 adults). We ordered guacamole when our water was delivered and we waited so long (like half an hour) that when it came out the waiter comped it and took it off our bill (probably the only reason he received a tip). When  we asked for a kids menu they said we could order off the regular menu, so we did but asked for enchilada sauce on the side because it was spicy. The waiter informed us that if we took off the sauce it wouldn't be an enchilada anymore and that the chef refused to do it (without even asking the kitchen). I'm a chef myself and I have never refused a customer's request unless I just didn't have the product. This request was easy enough - SOS (sauce on the side). EVERY kitchen does stuff SOS - salads, desserts, entrees everything...you guys couldn't?? Pretentious. This was for a child. We were forced to order something else because she was hungry and she barely ate it. The water boy who filled our glasses was more attentive then our main server. We wish we could have tipped him instead. Before our guacamole came out, another waiter came to our table and asked us if our order was taken yet. 30 minutes after we sat down! Don't they have their own sections? Every time we asked for something it was a different person who delivered the product. I've worked in restaurants my whole life as a server and cook and it seemed like it was really disorganized and our waiter didn't seem interested in our party, even though it looked like he had only three tables (wasn't that busy). When they food came out, they forgot the homemade tortilla (which is why this is three stars and not two) and by the time it came, meal was half gone. Even though the food was good, this service just ruined the experience for us. Our waiter was just not accommodating and so disinterested. Which is too bad because until tonight it was our favorite Mexican place in Ahwatukee.
