QayOwK3LVRVniGnT6Gzveg I just started working in this area a few months ago, but I have only had a hand-full of decent experiences from this location.  I absolutely love Chipotle, and even with my low rating, I still end up fooling myself into, at least once a week, giving them a second/third/fourth chance to redeem themselves. My issues are usually: too much rice or salsa, not enough of the meat, not enough of the rice/salsa, and (i'm not over-reacting with this number) 100% of the time that I visit this location I have to ask them to re-wrap the burrito. Sometimes, they have to do it twice. Even if I ask them to re-wrap it once I am met with a quickly frustrated staff, whether or not the frustration is with me or themselves for not being able to wrap it properly, It still comes off as rather rude.  It tends to be an awkward experience nonetheless. I rarely have these issues with other Chipotles. I'm not sure if this is one of those "training" restaurants or what, but it's so bad that i'm close to driving the extra miles to Streetsboro or Stow to try my luck.  I suppose my advice is to have the senior staff/manager ask the customer if they would like the order to be re-wrapped, especially when the burrito's contents are obviously leaking through the wrapping, or spilling out when being put into the bag.  I actually have a designated towel I keep in my trunk to use when I happen to go to this Chipotle location.  I am finished with having to clean my seats/floor and spray them down so my car doesn't reek of rotten burrito after the bag rips from being saturated of juices because the burrito was ill-wrapped.  I understand that new hires need to learn how to properly wrap the burritos, but the senior staff needs to be knowledgeable of the state in which there product is leaving the store, instead of quickly throwing the burrito into the bad in hopes that I, the customer, doesn't notice.  If there is a problem, then fix it, don't ignore it and hope it'll just go away.
I hope this location shapes up.  I would much rather go to this location which is right down the road from where I work, rather driving an extra 15/20 minutes out of my way on my lunch break.  sadly i am about to leave for lunch now.  even after writing this complaint I still somehow convinced myself that it might be ok this time :)  leaky burrito towel in hand!
I'll repost/edit this if it is any better.  and I really hope it is.
