QI-CI9wWRxtw60_aQK1BpA I haven't had an interest in buffets since I was a kid. Back then I found it novel to be able to try as many things as you want and stuff yourself with food until you're sick. I'm not a kid anymore though, so maybe buying into the buffet was my main problem here.

Either way, I don't feel like this place would be worth it. I spent the 12 bucks on the buffet lunch because everything else on the menu was just as expensive, so I figured that being able to choose a bunch of different things would make it worthwhile. My girlfriend does not like curry, so she got a made-to-order dish for about what I ended up paying.

I picked out a few curries with some rice for my first trip. I took one bite and it was ice-cold. I mean, usually when people say ice-cold they're exaggerating, and their food is actually just luke-warm, but mine tasted like it had been sitting out for many many hours, and was truly very cold. I stopped the waitress as she dropped off my girlfriend's plate and asked her to reheat it in the back, and let her know the buffet was cold. She was apologetic and checked on the buffet table, came back and said something about it being hot on the bottom but all the cold stuff was on top. I think she turned up the heat but I can't be sure. 

Regardless, she was nice enough to throw my plate of curry in the microwave for a few seconds and brought it back hot. Maybe it was the microwave or maybe it just wasn't good food, but I was nonplussed with what I was eating. I took my time eating to allow the other food to heat up more, and then tried for a second plate. It too was just as cold, and this was after following the waitresses second set of instructions (something about stirring it up beforehand).

I left most of the food on my plate and finished my mango lassi (which was ironically one of the better ones I've had). Tried a bit of my girlfriend's Szechuan beef and it was at least hot, but was meager in portion-size and really wasn't anything special. We paid our 30-something dollar tab and left.

I don't recommend this place, and I don't plan to ever be back.
