qL9CBB9lwY0ftdUcqVMUgw Well I've been wanting this place again since I tried them for the first time. I've been at work all day and my appetite meant business today. Walked in and it was empty and clean. I proceeded to place my order which was the special 4 pastor tacos with a soda and a red spicy carne asada wet burrito. I then went to the salsa bar which had every flavor for anyone's palate. There's also a guide to help you with the amount of spiciness. There is also convenient small paper bags so you can put your salsa cups in if you're ordering to go. What a great idea and you won't have salsa spilling everywhere after you get your food. I sat for about 10 minutes while I sipped on my soda and watched television. Great job on the customer service and brought my food to me and didn't call out a number even though I was the only one there. But on my first visit they also brought me my food even though they were a bit crowded that time. 

Now onto the food. As I've said before I can tell the pastor tacos maybe cooked on a grill instead of the big roll they slice it from. None the less the were okay kinda average. I'm from southern Cali and I literally grew up on mexican food. The meat was actually pretty descent and flavorful but just a tad bit greasy but then again I like grease though so I wont complain. I also opted to add onions & cilantro cause what's a carne asada taco without them right? I got both the hot green salsa and hot red salsa along with the salsa to dip my chips they provide you with.  The green hot salsa is not hot at all so that was a big disappointment. But that's my palate & love spicy foods & know it's supposed to have been hotter. However the red hot was ON POINT, flavorful, yummy, and indeed spicy. The 4 tacos were the small ones but they actually put alot of meat on them so they're definitely worth the price which isn't bad anyway and they give you a couple of those fresh homemade chips on the side.

As it stands now my belly is swollen & full so I probably won't get to that burrito till tomorrow because it's HUGEEEEE! I got carne asada, pico, rice, beans, and cheese on the inside and on the outside it's the red spicy sauce with melted cheese on top. I know by the looks of it that it's gonna be very delectable. 

Overall a very pleasant experience at a very clean establishment that has great customer service that made me feel welcome and appreciated my business. That alone will make me return again and again even though IN MY OPINION they could improve on the tacos but I'm still a very satisfied customer.

Yayyyyy! Thank you and your customers really appreciate that.
