qnn9E-e9orYf_wK37yLTYw I visited this place with my daughter yesterday for lunch around 1 PM.  I was sporting a Nike outfit so definitely not looking professional.  Why am I mentioning this? Read on...

Since we are vegetarians, we asked for substituting meat for black beans and give us gauc for rice since rice has chicken broth.  We mentioned if there's a charge for substitution, let us know.  BTW, this is not uncommon and pretty much all restaurants are used to this type of requests.  The Scottsdale branch is actually very good and the staff there offers vegetarians various options right away.  We chose to go to this branch as it was nearby from where we were yesterday and ignoring one of our friends telling us they didn't have a good service at this location.  

Anyway, when the bill arrived, there were charges so we politely asked the waitress about these charges and she said she will be right back.  A few minutes later, her manager showed up and started saying, we don't give anything for free here.  We were in a disbelief as we could not understand what was going on and why he had be humiliate us in front of other guests.  My daughter didn't say a word, but I felt offended.  I asked the manager if he can explain what he was told by the waitress that he had to do this in front of everyone.  

Apparently, the message from the waitress to her manager was that we were looking for free stuff!  The worst part, this came from the manager himself!  No wonder this place has pathetic service.  It was insulting.  An ideal manager would have first talked to the customer and provided a simple clarification like, sorry but we charge and that would have been okay.  We almost eat out everyday and definitely know that food is not free!  I had to tell the manager that I have never ever felt so uncomfortable and offended in a restaurant.  The manager didn't do anything to address this.

For our part, we paid the bill in full and even tipped the waitress.  Two wrongs don't make a right.  I guess I did my part by providing the feedback to the manager.  Word of advice for the chain and the manager - please listen to the customer first.  Also, if you judged me based on my clothes and reacted the way you did, shame on you.  Families do not always show up in formal clothes.  Please do not do this to any other customer as they may come there to spend time with their family or discuss business over a good meal.  No matter what the circumstance, people should be treated with respect.

It is not always the food that makes a restaurant memorable, but how the ambiance made a person feel. Overall, I would say I would remember this restaurant for its offensive service and would not recommend it to my coworkers, family, and friends.

UPDATE:
I am updating this review based on the follow-up from the manager who actually took time to revert back on the issue and offered a sincere apology with a gift certificate to the chain.  if the issue had not occurred in the first place then I would have given it 5 stars for food and ambiance.  I am also hoping that my next visit to this place leaves me with a better impression.
