qoUo4VY2KpPmHbFVYcxGog I have been to Dos Amigos several times now and I keep forgetting to write a review. I was sad to see the few reviews here and some that were not so favourable. The restaurant is great in my opinion, and the food is delicious.

Keep in mind, I have never had "authentic" Mexican, as we do not have a lot of Mexican restaurants in Toronto, so my review may be biased but I have been to a few of the ones we have and so far, Dos Amigos is my favourite.

The restaurant itself is very small and cozy. It has a family restaurant atmosphere I liked and the service is fast. The first time we went there, I thought the server (who I think is also the owner?) seemed a little unfriendly but after a couple more visits I realized she is just very tired most of the time and she really just comes off as a little closed off but she is actually very nice and warm. Don't let that deter you. Try working long hours, probably everyday, keep that in mind. She is a very nice lady and she definitely appreciates the business.

The food there is always great. So far, I've tried: the carne asada with a steak thatwas cooked perfectly despite being very thin (hard to cook a steak that thin to medium but they did it!). The mole... I could eat it with a spoon. It was so deep and well balanced in flavour, just the right amount of spice and that rich sweetness that comes from the Mexican chocolate. Delicious.

I also had the enchiladas with beef and with pork another time. That is my favourite dish, I think. The tortillas are cooked perfectly, they are soft and filled with real meat and not ground beef like most Mexican places in Toronto. The meat is tender and juicy and the sauce on top is mild and very tasty. 

I've also tried their oatmeal "steak" (my mother, who is a vegetarian, had it) and it was surprisingly flavourful and tasted very good. They have good vegetarian options in general, which always makes me happy because I have vegetarian/vegan friends.

Their drinks aren't bad either. I've tried a margarita before and it was the right type, not the icy slush that North America seems to prefer but the real "martini style" drink. Good amount of booze too. 

And let's not forget their extensive tequila menu. I have yet to go there for tequila tasting but if I were to go anywhere, that would be the place. So much to choose from! 

So overall, highly recommended. There are other OK Mexican places in Toronto but to me, this one will always be the first choice. It's cozy, dependable for good food, and inviting.
