qqs7LP4TXAoOrSlaKRfz3A So when my friend wanted to go to this Bistro .. I thought ok, bec I have heard some really good things about it.  We arrive and its hot inside and its very busy.  We get a waiter that has the worst "TUDE" ever.. Marco was his name..
 If you get him, you might as well go home right there bec you are about to throw money out the window !!!
We order Bottomless Mimosa's which seemed to be very popular in the rest.  They were $20.00 a person and we figured this would be fun and pretty cost effective... LOL  Boy were we wrong.  They were super hot, prob bec they were serving so many... and it worked out pretty damn good for them bec the Champagne they used was CHEAP ! With a capital C baby !!!  
We finished one and we sat looking around for our slackass waiter Marco... UGH ! We finally got a refill and we ordered...  the Chicken Flautas for appetizer , they were ok, nothing special and a little spicy . Once we got those, I decided not to break bad with $20 for an entree bec I could see that we were going downhill at a fast pace.  My girl ordered Chicken and waffles... The plate came and the chicken was so overcooked.. It was damn near black ! It was dry and not great, we will say.  
By this time, we are waiting for another Mimosa.. Waiting, Waiting and Waiting.  We get another hot glass of cheap champagne.. exciting !! By this time, the place is clearing out ! I see a cute lil black gay come in and then I realize that he is walking around the rest. in pedicure shoes, yes that is right yellow pedicure shoes with painted black toenails.  CLASSY !! He starts seating people in these ridiculous paper shoes lol.
So we ask Marco for another drink bec this is about how we have to manage his ass.. What a joke.  He says " we arent serving those anymore"    WTF????  What did he just say ??  Yes we arent serving those anymore... EXCUSE ME ??? Im sorry but bottomless is bottomless, you serve them until we get our asses out of our seats and leave... It was the icing on the cake for me !!! I wouldnt go back to this place EVER !!!! I am surprised to see they are still in business !! THEY SUCK !!!!!
