qqs7LP4TXAoOrSlaKRfz3A HIghly rated on Yelp, I've been wanting to eat here for a long time.  The first attempt was a fail.  It was a Sunday around 11:30am and the wait was 1.5 hours long.  My friend and I ended up going to the Yard House instead.  Having learned my lesson, I returned on a recent Sunday, but this time my gal pal and I got there around 9:45am, 15 minutes before they opened.  At first there was no one around, but at 9:50am, cars started arriving and people began to gather at the front doors in groups.  By the time 10:00am rolled around, there had to be at least 15 people waiting.  There really was no line formation, which was frustrating because once the doors opened, people just rushed in, not caring that others had been there first.  My friend and I got seated fairly quickly, but I would have been upset if we had to wait longer since we were technically the second ones to arrive.  Once seated, though, everything was smooth sailing for our brunch. 
 
   We shared the DW Pastry Basket:  2 big chocolate croissants and 3 blueberry white chocolate scones--we both enjoyed the croissants more than the scones.  I went vegetarian, ordering the Mini Corn Tortilla, an egg over easy with black beans, pico de gallo and queso fresco cheese atop two corn tortillas.  This was a hearty dish, nice and filling.  My friend had one of the specials that involved filet mignon and eggs, I think--whatever it was, she loved it.  Our waiter was very friendly and checked on us often and at the end of our meals, when we were already full, said waiter told us he was bringing us a surprise since it was our first visit.  The next thing we know, there's a lovely piece of carrot cake on the table--wow, that's so nice!  

   This place is popular for a reason; great service and food.  I definitely recommend it, but be prepared for a wait unless you get there early.  There were people waiting for a table the whole time we were there and also when we left.  I want to go back now that I can have meat again and sample some of the other tasty-looking items on the menu.
