qqs7LP4TXAoOrSlaKRfz3A After all the talk on Yelp and then another endorsement from a business partner i had to come by and try DW Bistro for lunch today. Upon entering the staff was very friendly, attentive, as well as helpful in my choices for dining and the generous smiles were a nice touch. The decor was like other said very classy, slightly sophisticated and clean and i could see myself back here for a light evening of drinks and appetizers by the bar or outside on the patio which is where i sat and had lunch. The menu isn't large but has a nice variety of offerings i chose the Curry Chicken and my associate ordered the salmon. Both came out nicely prepared and well presented, both tasted good but not anything outstanding in my eyes. I had a 7&7 although they had no Seagram's on the bar so i settled for Crown which a bar without Seagram's? And she had a pomegranate white tea that she said was excellent and looked eye pleasing as well. .
I did have a slight issue with my take out order which i needed to take back to my support staff at the office. I ordered two Romaine salads with jerk chicken and please note that if you order a salad here it will not be chopped unless specified, so keep this in mind especially when taking it back to the office where utensils like knives and such might not be available. Also keep in mind that if you season the chicken on your salads that there is an additional charge on that as well so just be aware of what you are paying when you are ordering as it seems if you deviate from the menu then there are additional fees which in some cases are understandable. Because of the confusion with the salads and the fact that they were un-chopped when taken back to the office the ability to enjoy and eat them just didnt happen. Disappointed i contact the restaurant who was more than helpful in seeing that my experience was a pleasant one and corrected the take out lunch problem and was very interested in feedback so that adjustments could be made to see that mistakes like this didnt happen again. I believe management and service like this is what keeps privately owned restaurants such as this in business as there is a more personable feel to the whole experience and because of this event and the way that they handled it i actually am even more interested in coming back because you can usually rest assure that they will do their best to see that you are pleased at DW. And i just really gotta try that Pom white tea!
