qqs7LP4TXAoOrSlaKRfz3A 4.5 stars

This review is for the Restaurant Week 2011 Breakfast.

This was my first visit to DW Bistro.  I've been going to try it but never thought about going there when I was thinking of a different place.  Restaurant Week 2011 gave me a great reason to go.

The breakfast menu (good only Saturday and Sunday) had 3 courses.  The first two courses had three choices each and the third course - dessert - no choice but you didn't need any choice.  More on that later.

For my first course, I chose the DW oatmeal with toasted coconut and cream.  There were fresh berries including blueberries, red and yellow raspberries, blackberries, and some currants.  The toasted coconut added a texture and flavor that made this a great dish.  4/5 rating.

For the second course, I asked the advice of my server and I went with the crab cake Eggs Benedict with spicy Hollandaise and breakfast potatoes.  The crab in the cake was excellent.  The spicy Hollandaise was great, and the house potatoes had a zing that made them very tasty when compared with the normal fried breakfast potatoes.  5/5 rating.

Dessert course -- talk about decadent!  As I said, there was no choice for the dessert course because it was a sampler of four of DW's desserts.  They were: Red Velvet cake, whipped peanut butter pie, lemon-lime pudding with one blueberry (neat presentation for this), and Jamaican black bottom banana cream pie.  5/5 rating.

Service:  My server was Maggie and I never had to sing "Wake Up Maggie May."  She was on top of everything including getting me a clean saucer and a clean up from some spilled coffee--without me asking.  She also recommended the crab Benedict because it's not available all the time but my other choice is on the regular menu.  That's what a good server does and Maggie was superb!

A few little minuses - the oatmeal could have been served a bit hotter; what ever happened to spoons in restaurants in Las Vegas?  Do we have a severe spoon shortage of which I'm unaware.  I didn't get one with my coffee, but I didn't need one as I drink it black.  She only knew I didn't need cream.  What about sweetener?; and, the noise level was a bit high for so few people there.  There is little wall covering to absorb the sounds.  It wasn't bothersome, but it was noticeable.

Now that I've been here, I know I'll be back for dinner and another breakfast to try the jerk pork hash.
