qqs7LP4TXAoOrSlaKRfz3A A Sunday requested off work for my birthday clearly means one thing: brunch. I decided I wanted an intimate brunch with a few friends in order to celebrate, and after hearing about this place through an acquaintance, we set off to DW Bistro.

The restaurant itself is gorgeous - bright, well-decorated with gorgeous artwork, modern. We waited about ten minutes before actually being seated, which was understandable for a Sunday brunch. Once seated, however, service was sporadic - uncomfortably attentive at first which eventually drifted into long unexplained periods of absence. 

My friends had ordered both the Blueberry White Chocolate Scones and the Pastry Basket. The former were absolutely orgasmic - light, airy, studded with fresh blueberries (though lacking in the white chocolate department). They were then featured in the latter, alongside Chocolate Croissants, turnovers of mysterious fruity containment, blueberry muffins, and cranberry almond scones. The chocolate croissants were delicious - rich, flaky, perfect. The others were somewhat lacking - mediocre at best. 

As for entrees, both a friend and I ordered the Jerk Chicken and Waffles while the other ordered the Tuna Nicoise salad. The chicken and waffles were delicious - ordinary at first with a kick of spice bites later. As for the Tuna Nicoise, huge pieces of Ahi tuna were barely seared atop greens with all of the normal accoutrements. Mango on the side was a random, but welcomed addition to the salad. As for the portions, the prices definitely are right on. All of us finished half of our entrees before calling it quits. 

More into service, there were long gaping moments were no service was to be found - extremely awkward when you're trapped in a restaurant's alcove with a table of gay men casting judgmental eyes toward your outfit! The worst part of the DW experience was handling a price discrepancy for the Pastry Basket. As we received our check, we found that we were charged extra for an upgraded pastry basket when we asked for the one specified on the menu. While I took a detour to the bathroom to avoid conflict with the waiter, I came back to the tail end of the conversation to which our waitress bluntly told my friends that while she'd fix it, that the price she charged was ultimately right.  

Food wise, DW Bistro has me mesmerized - I am smitten. However, service was lacking, but when I think of those blueberry white chocolate scones, it isn't enough to discourage another visit.
