qqs7LP4TXAoOrSlaKRfz3A I have been here multiple times. The first time I went here it was for brunch, which the bottomless mimosa deal is ridiculously awesome! For all the folks who want to relax and drink before Monday rolls around, then you must stop by here for brunch. There is a long wait, though. It's $20 per person, and the servers are very generous. 

For lunch, when I went the second time we had a lot of New Mexican-style dishes. The appetizer we got was the DW Spanish Chorizo w/ shrimp. The chorizo was nicely cooked. The shrimp was perfect and I loved the bread it comes with, which you can use to dip in the lemony sauce. 

My sister had the New Mexican-Style slow-cooked pork. This is a bit spicy since it was simmered in red chile. It is served with two over-easy eggs and rice. I recommend adding a third egg if you really love the flavor of yoke over rice and pork. The dish is HUGE. So you can definitely share if you want to or take it home for leftovers. It is delicious and probably my favorite entree I had in this meal. 

I had the New Mexican-style green chile cheeseburger. I added avocado in it because I love avocado. The burger is really big and tall. I had to cut it up and even cut a portion of the top bun away just so I can eat it comfortably. The sweet potato fries taste surprisingly great with the burger. I would definitely come back here again. We had dessert. It was a cookie type cheesecake that was very rich. It seems the desserts change often so I am not sure if they will have it here when you go. 

Overall, the experience was very good. The ambiance was a bit loud. But I assume it is because it is so packed and busy because of the awesome service and food! The drinks are overpriced, except the bottomless mimosas on Sundays, but the food is reasonably priced and it comes in large portions. The service was great. On the weekends, there are themed dress-ups, which is always fun to see. 

I would definitely come back here again and recommend you do as well for lunch and for brunch!!!
