qqs7LP4TXAoOrSlaKRfz3A This is definitely the place to be on the west side! Come here to unwind with a drink at the bar while taking in the ambiance (can get very loud) or come here for date night and sit in the back where it's darker and possibly romantic to some? Ha!

They tend to have a daily menu, which can be quite extensive and you stop paying attention after 10 seconds of a 5-min rambling of today's special. At one point, I did have to ask our waitress to kindly repeat the dessert menu since I had forgotten what she had said 2 Min's earlier. She didn't mind repeating it after she gave me a hard time but eh it's all fair.

Food is actually enjoyable and generous portions for the higher prices. It's interesting to see the fusion between Caribbean and New Mexican food. Being from New Mexico, I grew up on the infamous green & red chile (chili) so it's always a pleasure to see places use it to it's full potential. I must admit that the Jamaican Green Chile Chicken Curry soup was quite enjoyable but I wish it had a stronger curry flavor as the curry taste seemed to disappear within seconds. 

The NM slow-cooked pork bowl was huge and quite spicy just like I remember NM red chile being. Due to the meat/rice ratio, you would need to add another egg to calm the burning sensation you might experience while eating it as one of my friend's stated. When I asked to have my leftovers to be boxed, I was a little sad to find out the waiter-in-training had thrown my leftovers away :( BOOOOO!

My guest had the braised short ribs and those too were quite delectable. The meat was so tender that it just fell apart. She wasn't a fan of the house rice that it came with so the waitress accommodated her by bringing a bowl of white rice. That seemed to make my guest happy.

The wait staff was um, interesting to say the least. Though very friendly servers, it's not the typical service you would get from other higher end places. They joke around with you, let you whack them with wet towels (waiter who threw away my leftovers) and can be quite sarcastic. If you're offended by sarcasm, perhaps this isn't the place for you. If you want to hang out with the cool kids but want to avoid the Strip, this is the place to be.
