QXV3L_QFGj8r6nWX2kS2hA Did someone say... "new dank af Mexican spot on The Strip with an amazing atmosphere, attentive staff, awesome ambiance, and strong drinks?" 

Why yes... yes I did.

This place was AWESOME and we had a great time coming here. After spending all day at Marquee Dayclub seeing Galantis (amazing live btw, trust me), we were looking for a new spot to try that we hadn't been to yet. My fiancee and I come to Vegas at least once a year, and so we've got many trips under our belt and believe it or not, feel like we've tried nearly everything out there. 

I've always felt that The Strip lacked a really, really solid Mexican restaurant. Sure, there's Diablo's Cantina, but... meh. It's just okay. When we found this place on Yelp, of course I was down to give it a try. Mexican food is DELICIOUS, amiright? And a free margarita with a Yelp check-in? We'll now you're just being nice.

We headed over there for an early dinner around 5PM. The spot wasn't packed but there were people in there, and it definitely started to fill up with a fun crowd by the time we left. I still technically call this place "on the strip," but you will have to walk about 40 seconds down a side street to get to it so if you don't immediately see it, it's just around the corner. 

I ordered a chicken and carne asada taco plate and my fiancee got a salad. Both were absolutely FANTASTIC. We also got this delicious drip trio which came with chips (duh), guac, salsa (AMAZING!), and the most out-of-this-world bomb-dot-com queso dip that was just the best ever. If you're anything like me, you know that what can seriously make or break a Mexican spot is their chips and salsa -- for me, even if the food is meh, and the chips and salsa are amazing, it's a win in my book. Happy to say, this place nails it on all regards.

As I mentioned, food is amazing quality. Carne, Chicken, and my fiancee's salad were all on point, and the drinks were delicious, refreshing and strong (as they should be).

If you've made it this far in the review, I'm not sure why you're still reading and haven't already started heading over there... unless you have at which point I'll commend you for being such a damn good multitasker. Anyways, you won't regret your trip here. The vibe and customer service are fantastic and it's a great place to grab some food before you paint Sin City red.
