qxVcSWGKyH3HkkHV8NinDA This place where do I start honestly? Went last Thursday for lunch & like all the other yelpers said, theres still a wait because the hostess and the waitress are the same person. (Hire people. Makes no sense you barely have guest and you still have no hostess waiting to seat people). We entered the side which points to the "hostess" area to be seated, no hostess so as I'm looking around all perplexed the waitress as she walks by,  tells us to sit anywhere. We pass the bar area & make our way to the open back part. We go in take a seat, it takes a few minutes for the same waitress to come & give us menus, took longer to get our drinks. Seems like,  no wait,  she was the only waitress working during lunch hour too. With this kind of service, they SHOULD carry on the Mexican tradition and offer complimentary chips & salsa.   

Anyways, so it's happy hour & since its a "Mexican-----(NOT) restaurant I justtttt knew they would have some good margaritas during this time----(NOT). They advertise on their menu margarita(s) plural but that wasn't the case. They only have ONE margarita on their happy hour menu. The Senor---- should be renamed to the Peasant cos that drink DEF wasn't the MAN. It tasted like straight up, cheap liquor mixed in with some old mix/water that only a wino wouldn't mind. Terrible, yuck.  

The food, wooooowww.  I can't even.  First off, we got the shrimp & fish ceviche, it was so flavorless,  it was ridiculous. Taste nothing like a REAL home grown Mexican restaurant ceviche where you can taste the flavor of spices, lime juice, etc. I don't think they even use SALT at SALTYS. And why was it served with just lettuce you are suppose to use as "cups"?? I read it on the menu but I just knew some crackers or tostadas or something would come along with. Nope, let's just say I couldn't even eat it. 

How are you suppose to eat Ceviche with lettuce cups or a fork?! It just wasn't right. Ugh. Anyway, it tasted more fishy than anything. So, I got it instead to go & had to stop off at the store to buy what usually comes with it. (I hate when they try to change stuff for the worse. May look good but its completely useless if you can't hold the ceviche up on a lettuce end). 

The mango shrimp taco too was nothing worth a thumbs up and too bad becos it sounded really good with the pina, mango sauce, etc. 

And, sad too mention really but I also found a hair in my ceviche. Sho did & it seemed like nobody even cared, honestly. Although I seen the airhead Hawaiian looking tan "rad" beach bum manager going around asking guest how their service went, we didn't get the same treatment. He just brought back our new dish and mumbled something about being sorry about that. 

Not a good experience & it looks more like a Hawaiian restaurant than Mexican with tiki head decors rather than Olmecs. Anyway, on to the next. 

Disappointed,  good location tho right at the corner before entering old town Scottsdale. But parking, it's not in that big ol' parking spot right next to it. That parking belongs to a pizza place so on the street parking it is.
