R-sEoZXf37pGzLnid7s6wA Made the drive from Fountain Hills because we are still desperate to find a to go to Mexican place. Came here on a Sunday afternoon last week after 3PM and it was crowded. It's a small location and every table was taken and there was a line of about 4-5 people crowding the front of the restaurant at any given time.

When it was our turn to order, we had a girl cashier take our order. We had a couple questions about the menu and she answered them curtly with no enthusiasm or sign of friendliness. We were going to order 2 orders of the #31 the shredded beef and taco rice and beans plate but at the last minute I saw the $7.99 daily special was of better value and decided to change my mind. This way I would be able to taste a little bit of everything, an enchilada, Chile relleno and the shredded beef taco.

I noticed that there was going to be price difference and asked her to change what she was about to charge me. The cashier punched some numbers in a calculator and then pretended to make changes in what she was ringing up. Thinking she made the adjustment I didn't look at my receipt. The cashier handed me my card and receipt and we sat down waiting for our food to be delivered.

A couple things then happened:

1) My changed order didn't reflect a price difference on my receipt. Not only did she charge me the original full price for the first order she rung up but she gave me the wrong size drink. The smaller size drink. Btw, there are no refills included at this place.

2) When our food was delivered, my husband's taco plate was warm but the 2/3 tacos were cold.

3) All the food on my 3 item plate was lukewarm and drenched in oil.

4) The Chile relleno had the thickest batter on it and when I forked it, it was cold in the middle. I took apart the batter from the Chile and just ate the Chile. 

5) The enchilada was lukewarm and was way too salty.

6) As far as the shredded beef taco, the meat was nicely seasoned and was decent tasting.

7) At the end of the meal, I went to the only bathroom in the restaurant and found it to be a unisex bathroom. The bathroom did not meet my cleanliness meter as it had a damp unknown smell and toilet paper strewn on the floor. I walked in and walked right out.

Not sure if we came on an off day but thus so far was our experience and we will not be returning.
