r8hF3kwnZzxTo1IYNcI6rg "I hate tacos"....said no Juan ever. 

Visited on Saturday 4-30-16 around 5:45PM for an early dinner.  This restaurant is located on Main between Charleston and Bonneville.  $58.89 got us a guacamole appetizer, a margarita, an iced tea, a fish entree, a side of corn, and a taco entree.  

I loved the bright blue paint on the outside of the building and the swanky decor on the inside.  The mustard and grey theme is so elegant yet comfortable.  Cloth napkins always make me feel so fancy!  They do have high chairs for the kiddos.  There was some good people-watching here when we went...this seems to be a hangout for the older trophy wife crowd...lots of Joan Rivers-wannabe's.  

They brought us some chips and salsa to start and we ordered a watermelon margarita ($9), an iced tea ($3.50), and guacamole ($8).  Usually chips are my favorite part about eatin' at Mexican joints but these were gross...they were pale in color and somebody had dusted a brown seasoning on them but it was uneven...like there would be one chip that was completely covered and some had no seasoning at all.  I got quite a few chips that were *flexible* which was a real turn-off.  My husband ate them anyways and then the basket sat empty for quite a while which was a real bummer cuz' there was quite a bit of guac left and we were starving.  The margarita was pretty weak and had no watermelon flavor at all...it tasted to me like just simple syrup and tequila with some marinated watermelon pieces on top.  

Husband got the pescado veracruzana for $18.00.  It was branzino with chiles, tomatoes, capers, olive oil, onions, and olives.  The fish was incredibly tender and tasty and husband was very pleased with his dish.  

I got the three taco plate for $15.00 and chose mahi mahi, chicken, and carne asada.  All three were tasty although inundated with cilantro which I hate but tolerate.  I liked their tortillas because they were a bit thicker than I'm used to and very tasty.  Unfortunately this dish gave me indigestion and I was burping it up for the next 24 hours or so.  My white girl tummy is too delicate for this dish I guess.  

The best part of the meal was the mexican cream corn...if you go this is a must!   The grilled corn was so sweet and creamy and cheesy!  It was absolutely wonderful.  I wanted dessert but they took so long to bring the bill I was over it and just wanted to leave.  

The food took a while to come out, it was relatively expensive, nothing was unique, the food gave me tummy troubles, and I have no urge to go back.
