r8hF3kwnZzxTo1IYNcI6rg The walk here and back from our hotel was definitely worth it. I wanted to leave the hotel for a bit and walk like a local, little did I know how hot it would be. I was dragging to the finish line as we arrived to the El Sombrero.The heat is almost unbearable. When I say you don't need to be outside walking your newborn in the stroller, hun you don't need to be out here in this heat. But I guess people adapt to their surroundings, I just wouldn't be able to survive in Vegas as a walker. Jose was our hostess, server, bartender, and cashier. He was a God sent angel and the only one working. The restaurant's decor was cute and cozy with classic Spanish music playing. We ordered the guacamole and chicken nachos, chicken enchiladas, fish tacos, and the flan with strawberries. The food was delicious and to die for. All the spices, onions, cilantro, beans, and rice were authentic and reminded me of none other. I was never a fan of flan until I came here. The flan was perfect, a gift from heaven in this 100 degree weather. Never in my life had I ate anything more satisfying. As I was finishing up my meal, I couldn't even remember my first kiss at this point, the flan was so sweet and creamy with a whipped handmade topping. I arrived in my bathing suit and cover up and completely forgot I wasn't even dressed up, yet I felt right at home. This restaurant and Jose made me feel like I had taken an international trip to another island. I couldn't stop thinking about how good the food and host was. The bill was $69, but $39 with our Yelp deal. We finally asked Jose a few questions and he gladly answered. Stating the sauces and flavors were all homemade and all the staff work together on the flavors. I would give this place 10 stars if I could because I fell in love with Latin food all over again. Thank you guys for a memorable experience we will never forget. This restaurant should definitely consider selling their recipes in local grocery stores or farmers markets.
