r8hF3kwnZzxTo1IYNcI6rg I have posted multiple reviews on Facebook, but I felt it to be more useful to the general public to know about this amazing place in LAS VEGAS!  Go in a nice dress, jeans or a suit, you will receive the same stellar service.  Don't be bothered that its on main street at night, it's very quiet and close to Freemont, the strip, the freeway if you want a bite before you go to a SMITH Center show, or anything downtown.  The service is beyond impeccable, the environment is very pretty, quiet and relaxing.  The display of food and dishes are beautiful, they have thought of everything to make you feel like they went the EXTRA mile, for you, their customer.  All the food is so beyond fantastic.  I took my 14 year old son there for the first time a few weeks ago and he wanted to go back the next week for the SALMON.  He loves salmon and he says its the best he's ever had along with the quesadillas.  I wasn't feeling to great and had the soup that resembled a chicken noodle and vegetable soup minus the noodles, it was perfectly spiced. IN the past, I have had the brussel sprouts which I love, I have never tasted something that most people dislike to be so pleasing to the taste buds.  The steaks and the fish tacos were perfect as well.  Then, you have to enjoy the sangria.  Red, white or watermelon, all of them are amazing.  I am having a party soon and am going to have them cater it all; especially the Sangria.  You will not loose, or go wrong with them.  Also, one last KEY point.  I have a shellfish allergy and don't like to eat out too much because many restaurants don't get allergies or the food servers forget to tell the kitchen.  I cannot take a risk.  The owner Irma also has allergies and is beyond cautious and her staff is very well versed in any allergy and they take it extremely seriously.  Please don't think I am laying this on thick, its the damn truth.  They really are as good as anything a restaurant would need to have.  I didn't find anything missing.  Except they should grow and be bigger one day.  So lets support this small business in Nevada; local or tourist alike, you won't go wrong.
