2IIqWeO5yd1VDrhGgZNuzQ To be honest, I had never had heard of this place until I got a coupon for half off a burrito. I ordered online which was pretty convenient. Getting out of the car I caught a scent of something AMAZING but it turned out it was the teriyaki grill next door. Still optimistic.
 
I walked in and the place was dead, understandable given the time I went. The young cashier seemed bored and uninterested. I mean I know its not busy but it wouldn't kill you to show a little bit of enthusiasm when customers walk in.

I got a carne asada burrito with extra guacamole (which I now regret a little bit but I will address that later) and since I had the coupon I decided on the Horchata. When given the "regular" burrito, the size was very underwhelming for the price they charge. I have gotten larger size burritos at Filibertos and for considerably cheaper. I was still a bit hungry after I finished it. 

As i was driving home I snuck a taste of the horchata and it was AMAZING. Probably the best I have ever had. It was not of watery consistency like I normally find but this one was thicker and was sweeter. Its almost like they put condensed milk in it. I cant say anything bad about it. Hell, I might come back just for that. 

The burrito was cold. I arrived 3 minutes before the scheduled pick up time and i was shocked that it was sitting in a bag waiting to be picked up. The meat in the carne asada was great, definitely had some smokey flavor to it. Not something that you usually find... definitely a one up on Filibertos. The rest of the burrito was just meh. The guacamole had a salty taste to it and since I got extra, it kind of killed the overall experience for me. 

Overall, the word I can use to describe my experience is Meh. Wasn't terrible but definitely wasnt exciting. It kinda bums me out because my boyfriend is a HUGE burrito fan and I really was hoping to rave about ATS to him. I think if they either increased the size of the burritos or lowered the price I would consider going back.
