rl137V_5Hx0cJAV4beVdhA This taco restaurant recently opened just up the street/around the corner from Valdez, Gusto 101, and other popping King Street favourites, on the quieter corner of Adelaide and Portland. It's a small, cozy establishment that is bursting with personality - bright murals on the wall, and the entire time my friends and I were there, they were playing the most fantastic reggaeton jams, so good times abounded.

Their menu is pretty small right now (about 6 different tacos and maybe 4 different quesadillas), so if you come with a medium to large sized group, you can try pretty much everything. With two other friends, I tried the following:

Apps: guacamole and ceviche - These both came as decently sized portions, lots of nacho chips on the side, and were good for sharing. In the end we even requested for a refill of chips, which they gladly obliged for free. The guac was very fresh (although could have used a bit more seasoning), while the ceviche was a little heavy on the vinegar or lemon juice or whatever they put in there, as there was a bit more sourness than I was expecting. It wasn't bad though, and the fish, which I think was halibut, seemed decently fresh. The nacho chips might have also been made in-house, because they were very crispy and fresh, although had a bit too much salt on them.

We ordered a whole bunch of tacos and one quesadilla. In the end I tried two tacos: one with pineapple, shrimp and chipotle sauce, and the other one was the vegetarian taco with corn, mushrooms and peppers, which I got on the recommendation from the restaurant owner. I enjoyed both of them - both were delicious and flavourful, and tasted very fresh. I really do think the vegetarian taco was the most unique I've ever had... it almost felt/tasted like I was eating cream of mushroom soup wrapped in a taco shell. Very interesting, I will say that, but it tasted good. The taco shells used were AMAZING though, they were thick and doughy and not dry at all... apparently they make them by hand here, starting by grinding the corn themselves and everything. SO GOOD.

We saved enough room for dessert just so we could try the two they had on the menu - flan, and a lemon cake of some sort. I really really enjoyed both of them! The flan was a bit unique, because as the owner explained to us, it was a bit denser than a normal flan and kind of a cross between a flan and panna cotta... like almost like a mousse cake. But it really worked for me, because I don't like it when the texture is too runny or custard-y, so this really hit the spot, and it was also not TOO sweet. The lemon cake was very zesty and refreshing, had almost like a meringue or pavlova-like texture (which I normally don't like), but it had enough cake-iness to it that I was able to enjoy it.

Overall, I REALLY enjoyed my meal here. Everyone working here was super friendly and very attentive, and as other Yelpers mentioned, the vibe is just chill and totally unpretentious, which was very refreshing. Since the place is fairly new, they are still working out some kinks and are very open to suggestions - we suggested that they either put sauce on the side or offer different levels of spiciness, because most of us found the sauces they used to be too spicy. I absolutely would come back here again though, as there are plenty of other tacos and quesadillas which I want to try! Also prices are very reasonable, as tacos are between $4-6 max each. I ended up paying around $20 for two tacos, splitting the apps with my friends, a juice/agua, and splitting desserts. All in all, a pretty good deal!
