RRtjC-KUE9vSbD09r6is2A OK, so Salty Senorita won't win any "Best Of" awards.  I don't think this place is Zagat rated, and I am almost positive they're light years away from winning a Michelin star.  Yet, we keep coming back here, year after year.  This place is so much fun that for a brief moment I actually considered buying a commemorative t-shirt.

Salty Senorita is a can't-miss stop on our annual Arizona tour.  Every time I set foot in this place, I think "spring break for adults."  Laugh if you want, but before you know it, you too will reach that age when you realize you're too old to hang out with the sophomores at Daytona Beach.  Actually, the realization comes only when said sophomores TELL you that you're too old to hang out with them.  Never fear: Salty Senorita to the rescue.

Decorated like a surf bar with a nice patio, Salty Senorita offers cold beer, margaritas and below-average Mexican food at reasonable prices.  The restaurant's motto: "If the food and drinks are not up to your standards, please lower your standards" is posted right on the wall to avoid any confusion.  While the food quality will make you long for Chevy's, the people watching will keep you coming back.

The place gets really crowded, especially right after the baseball game lets out.  You will be hard pressed to find a table on the patio, but the inside dining room is cooler and roomier.  The service gets spotty at times, as the restaurant seems to be understaffed during their busy times.  

I do love the laid back atmosphere here, though.  Last time we asked the waiter if he could put on the baseball game on TV, and he gave us the remote control instead.  He said something along the lines of "go crazy and change the channel to whatever you want."  How cool is that?  I felt like I was at home, having some chips and salsa and relaxing with a remote in my hands.  I was thinking of changing the channel to Home Shopping Network and waiting to see how long it would take someone to notice that we've been watching "Tribute to Terrific Turquoise." 

I know I am coming back next year.  Why not?  I know that the fajita I had here wasn't the worst I've ever had, and the unlimited tortilla chips are great for throwing at your friends if they get out of line.
