RwMLuOkImBIqqYj4SSKSPg THE BEST CARNE ASADA I HAVE EVER EATEN!

I ate in stunned silence soaking in the mix of favors, aromas, sights and sounds.  This is yet another example of the inescapable rule - if you see all of God's children flocking into a restaurant indifferent of race or socioeconomic class - go in, take it in and EAT WITH THEM - the world would be a better place!  This place is incredible... The taco standard hence forth!

The only thing that would make this more authentic would be to move all to Cabo and put in on wagon behind a truck!  

Ok... So down to the glorious details...

When you first walk in you see that you can order various item at different stations from around counter, but if you're a newbie have no fear, just ask someone and they'll be super happy to yell to the right part of the kitchen with what you want.  After your attention is averted from the large menu (not that there's a lot on it... It's just huge!), you notice 2 massive rotisseries with layer upon layer seasoned pork, Al Pastor topped with a signature pineapple.  Much like Gyros or Shawarma, Al Pastor, the Mexican version of the same is serious indicator of being in place that cherishes flavor and authenticity.  Unlike the other two meats, how Al Pastor is seasoned varies widely based on he tradition and locality of those making it... Which always makes it somewhat of an anticipated reveal!  This al pastor was highlighted with a very mild version of its common seasoning namely Guajillo, ancho, cumin, garlic onion, and pineapple allowing the charred meat shine through a bit more on its own.  Seared in the traditional manner with cilantro and onions on soft FRESHLY MADE corn tortilla only made it that much better!  The carne asada tacos were even better which was honestly hard to believe even possible!  The lightly seasoned and thinly sliced steaks are flash grilled over a fire that defies the term HOT to be then placed in a warming container next to the girl where magic clearly happens here.  The steaks, being close to the grill, continue to slow cook and steep in the smoky sooty goodness from the grill making hands down THE BEST CARNE ASADA I HAVE EVER EATEN!

Check out my pics ...  The tacos are generous and juicy.  Tortillas are all freshly made.  

No matter what you do in Vegas, this will be one of the highlights... If I'm wrong call me out... If I'm right, just smile and pass it forward !
