S_bG5WWbtNXhhY9Y0GTcSg Parking: Eyyyyy not so bad, plenty of parking. In the hope your kids do not read the sign of those special kakes next door out loud...lol

Entrance:
I notice they have tables and chairs outside, along side with a couple of doggie water bowls. Assuming, its "Pet Friendly" makes it a homie place to grab a bite to eat.

Inside the restaurant:
 We walk in and there's not much to know whether someone is going to seat you or you seat yourself until you stand for a moment watching others. The ahh hah light bulb comes in and you notice you order your food, take a number, and have a seat. Off to the right, you'll notice the different types of coffee on the menu and in the middle there is a cash register. Behind the cash register at the top of the wall is the food menu. 

The Food:
I order the Croquet Monsieur and the Mocha Iced Coffee. It didn't take too long for our order to come out. The aged cheddar that the menu claims this good Croquet has, is what drew me to order it. As it sat on my table I tried to determine whether I had an omelet or a melted cheddar covered sandwich. Well it was the sandwich with flavorful cheese and ham melted inside. I never had one but I have to say I loved every bite of it. I noticed a side of greens to it and decide to dip into that with a fork. Had a bit of a salt flavor with some kind of Italian or vinaigrette dressing. I'm not a fan of salads but I ate it all. Sisters boyfriend asked if I'd like to try some of the french toast he ordered. Well that was a shocker, I tried it, seem to be a possible normal french toast, except that citrus flavor came out. I would have never thought the two would work, but wow, that was good. I'll have to get that next time. Good job whoever invented that one.

The Ending and Why not a 5:
They do have waiters come around from time to time to see if anything else is needed, so they don't just leave you to the tables, don't worry. I would have given it a full 5 but it's not a location near me. Also, the food is excellent but it's something I would have to of grown up on. If it was chicken fried stick and eggs, would go back more than once a month. This could be a new entry for breakfast for me, maybe at some point it could hit the home cooking gut and make a 5. Keep up the excellent above average service and food, you guys are bringing something very different to the breakfast table. Everyone can appreciate that.
