S599hCA4kJJO3_b6SRFKoA I can not thank Mark, Kyle and his staff enough for making my father-in-laws 90th birthday party one he will never forget. I live in California and was able to reserve their patio area for my 40 guests, they put the King robe, crown and scepter on my father-in-law (which I provided), walked him through the restaurant where we all waited for him to walk into the patio area on his red carpet (I provided) to yell "surprise". They allowed me to come an hour and a half early so that I could decorate the patio with my own decorations and even provided me with 2-extra 6 ft. tables to put my collage pictures, cake, and presents on. They even enclosed the patio and set-up portable heaters to keep us warm; due to the cold weather. 
 
The accommodations were amazing!  I was able to choose different options from their menu for our guests to choose from and they made me personalized menus for my guests which kept the cost low to fit my budget. We had chips, salsa, guacamole and nachos as our appetizers and our guests had the choice of: Fajitas for 2, 3 Tacos plate (Carne Asada, Pollo Asado, or Carnitas), Burritos, along with a kids menu and much more. Once our servers took   everyone's individual orders, our food was out hot, fresh and Delicious within 30 minutes. We had family and friends fly in from: California, Arizona, Oklahoma and Colorado and every single one of my guests complemented on the food and service they were provided. They even cut the cake we brought and served it to each of our guests and made sure my father-in-law was served first!! 

I have my own Mexican food catering service in California (Baja Style Tacos Catering Service) and I have very high standard and I have to say, I was very impressed with everything they did for me, their food was great and I highly recommend Michoacan!  

I can't thank you all enough for taking so much stress off of me while I was trying to put this birthday party together for my father-in-law from California and made it a special day we will all never forget. 

Thank you, 
Inga Garner
