S8VRQCBrbZI04zjCOc1RAA NEWS UPDATE: LAS PALMAS OAKLAND REOPENED AS OF 12/12/16. 

I consider myself a renaissance man with numerous interests, but particularly I'm a devotee to a life enamored with tacos. It has been my quest to find the titular taco king in the burgh, and I think Las Palmas is the recipient of this prestigious honor. 

Food: While Edgar's and Las Palmas can be heralded as Pittsburgh's most "authentic" Mexican taquerias, Las Palmas takes #1 on the taco rankings for a number of reasons (and why I visit this establishment 2-3 times a week). The corn tortilla is doubly layered, fried just before your taco is prepared. Meat choices range include chicken, steak, barbacoa, pork and chilis (my favorite), chorizo, and occasionally lengua. The meats are all well seasoned and succulent, so there is no wrong choice. Where Las Palmas wins over Edgar's is the salsa and toppings selection. The spread includes pico de gallo, tomatoes, onions, chopped cilantro, seared chilis, and an airy avocado sauce. The best part are the salsas, which administer concentrations of capsaicin second to none. Note: I did not include the grocery component of the establishment as part of my review. However I've always found decent produce and a wide variety of imported hot sauces at LP

Service: Don't expect speedy or inviting service. You must purchase tacos at the register inside ($2.50 per taco, no tax, also separate from any purchase you make from the market side). The cashier will hand you a note with the number of tacos you ordered on it, after which you may join the lucky souls in line who about to embark on a journey to taco nirvana. Hand the grillmaster your note and let him know what type of meat you want on your tacos. The cooks often love chatting with the customers, especially if you speak Spanish well

Overall: Las Palmas provides an authentic taco experience with no frills. This restaurant is perfect for a cheap and quick lunch, unusual and fresh idea for a food date, or even a late night snack. After their most recent run-in with the health inspectors, they even cleaned up the place if you're worried about sanitation. Look no further than Las Palmas for the best taco in Pittsburgh
