scLvLqVVIOWZbVT-exGjjg This is one of those places we have passed no less than 100 times. Each time we comment to one another that we need to try it one day. Yesterday was the day. And we should have tried it sooner! Easily some of the best Mexican food I have had in the area!

When we walked in, I was surprised to see that the line was set up similar to a Chipotle or Qdoba. But, for the cost, I was ok with that quality of food. The gentleman behind the food bar asked what we wanted and we admitted that this was our first visit. He welcomed us and showed us the specials. Before he could move on to the regular menu, we both decided to go with the special, Taco Nachos, which was described as a healthy mix between a taco and a nacho. He then asked what we would like to drink. My fiancée said she was thinking about a beer and stepped away to look at the selection. There he stopped her and advised us that we might be happier going around to the bar where the bartender would be happy to make us some of their award winning Margaritas. How could we say no? He was very persuasive, even going as far as to tell us the years they had won.

To be honest, as large as it is, we would have never noticed that large wall with the Margarita flavors until after settling for beer. It was wonderful for him to clue us in! We sat at the bar and he introduced us to Ashley. Ashley then proceeded to echo how wonderful the Margaritas were and listed her two favorites. I decided on the Mojito Margarita, which substitutes Cilantro for mint and Tequila for Rum, while my fiancée went with the recommended Blackberry Margarita. Both were delicious! I could taste just enough of the Tequila to know that they had not skimped on the liquor, but not enough to overpower the other flavors. Mine was the best Margarita I have ever had! 

Then came our food. Much larger than I had expected and far above my expectation for flavor! I reckon that, now I've tasted Carrburritos, it will become a go to when I am craving Mexican.
