Sovgwq-E-n6wLqNh3X_rXg I remember coming to Original Lindo Michoacan when I first moved to Las Vegas 12 years ago.  It is one of the first Mexican restaurants I tried here.  I loved it.  The sopa de fideo (noodle soup) to start dinner was such a departure from the standard chips and salsa.  I went back once or twice more after that first visit.  But that was followed by a long absence.

Flash forward many years and I was back.  I had a craving for a sit down experience rather than a taco shop which is just all too common here in good ole Las Vegas.  Yesterday I had the opportunity to stop in.  I was a couple of hours late for the lunch rush and a couple of hours early for the dinner crowd.  Still, it was a rather busy restaurant.  It is popular and yesterday was Sunday so it makes sense.  There were a lot of families dining but I got right in and seated in no time flat.

As I was looking over the menu, I was brought an offering of chips, salsa and bean dip along with the aforementioned sopa de fideo.  I ordered the combo number 6 which came with a chicken taco, a chicken enchilada and a chicken tostada with guacamole.  And of course rice and beans too.  I think my food came out right as I was finishing my soup.  Good timing.

The taco was nothing special.  Basically shredded chicken with lettuce and cheese in a crunchy shell.  About the same as I get for $0.99 on a Wednesday night from Roberto's.  The tostada was good.  It had the same chicken, lettuce and cheese as the taco but with the addition of beans and guacamole.  The enchilada was by far the star of this dinner show.  A large corn tortilla stuffed with tender and well seasoned chicken and topped with red sauce and cheese.  I'm not always a fan of enchiladas.  Especially with red sauce.  But this was rather good.

No meal is complete without a killer dessert.  I ordered a flan on this occassion.  I had tried the flan previously at another Michoacan family of restaurants location and thoroughly enjoyed it so I had high hopes.  The flan last night was OK.  Not stellar though.  It was smooth but a little dense for my liking.  It looked like the kind I used to make as a kid.  The Jell-O brand if that helps any.  The picture showed it with whipped cream.  There was none.  Just a little of the caramel sauce on top.  It was fine and did satisfy that sweet tooth but $5.75 for it?  Eh.
