sS__otwzn0INyR_5Dimfdg Passed by this place a few times, and finally decided to stop.  I get a hankering for some street tacos every now and then.  Placed my order for 3 tacos total.  One carne asada on corn tortillas, one carne asada on a flour tortilla, and one pollo asado on a flour tortilla.  Total was $6.50 ($1.99 each).  Paid the lady my money, loaded up on some condiments (limes, pico, pickled onions and hot sauce), and took a seat.  A few minutes later, they brought out my tacos.  Here is how they were...........

Pollo Asado-  Their tacos come plain with just protein of choice and tortilla.  I added some lime, onions and hot sauce to my pollo taco.  Very tasty!  It was cubed chicken breast, chopped up.  It has a nice smokey flavor and was piping hot!  The tortillas are made in house (flour ones at least) and they provided a nice little crunch, yet soft chew at the same time.  The red hot sauce they have is pretty hot!  Made me sweat a bit.  Definitely a good taco.  I would even go as far as getting a pollo asado burrito next time.  I was impressed!

Carne Asada-  I've found a few spots in town that have respectable carne asada.  I can safely say that Asadero Toro is now in that group.  Their asada had a nice smokey flavor, no gristle, and a great taste to it.  I topped my asada tacos with pico, limes, onions and hot sauce.  They double up the small corn tortillas and they tasted great!  The flour ones were a little bit better, but the corn tortillas were definitely good, too.  Same as the pollo, I would not hesitate to get a burrito stuffed with this carne asada.  It was really good and reminded me of some of my favorite joints from San Diego.

Overall, I was glad I stopped.  If I am craving some legit street tacos, this place definitely fits the bill!  Cashier was friendly, place was clean, and prices were pretty good for the quality of tacos.  I'm not down in this area much, but even then, this is a spot I could see myself driving to from Surprise.  I will grab a burrito next time and maybe try out some of their other meats. If they are as good as the carne asada and the pollo, I will be a happy camper!
