svdEhLmNmpVaIv1WLtoOvQ I'm a passionate foodie native to San Diego, California and happen to have a significant other who is Mexican and Columbian. So trust me when I say we KNOW good tacos. But this place didn't have "good tacos." I mean, they didn't even have "great tacos." In fact, when we first heard of Tacos and Beer our expectations for an authentic Mexican dish were sub par, and we definitely weren't prepared for what was about to happen in that restaurant off the strip. We walked in and were immediately greeted by the restaurant manager, and offered a margarita. Ok, Brownie point #1. We were promptly seated amongst fellow hungry patrons and handed a menu to gaze over the vast options of appetizers, tacos, and beer. I quickly discussed the options with my date and we decided the only way to be sufficiently satisfied was try every single taco. So we did. The waiters didn't miss a beat! To our amazement taco after taco began to emerge from the kitchen and onto our table. We both grabbed one and immediately made mouth to taco contact.  What happened in those next few moments may only be understood by other Tacos and Beer diners. My taste buds were sensually awoken with powerful flavors of tenderly marinated carne asada layered between the savory caresses of cheese. My salivating mouth discovered many new tastes and textures with every second that passed.  I gazed up at my co-taco entrepreneur and realized he too was going through the same experience.  Our ravenous eyes locked and tacitly acknowledged that our trip for a simple bite rapidly became a life altering experience.  We exchanged tacos, allowing the other to orally grasp the new combination. More explosive tastes erupted from each bite, putting every other hand made taco I've ever had at home, or in Mexico to shame.  After sufficiently divulging each morsel (in some cases twice), we concluded that 1) to say that the were merely "great tacos" would be committing a great disservice...2) We were compelled to try dessert.  My sweet tooth landed on the churros, and his on the chocolate taco. Like with tacos in SD, I thought I was a veteran churro eater. I mean they sell a bag of 30sec old churro in the border crossing line...but as with the tacos, my palette was put to shame.  As I finished devouring the last of my devine, sugary stick of perfection, I became remorseful that our time at Tacos and Beer was coming to an end. All in all, the service was absolutely amazing,  and the food..well. The food was nothing short of mind boggling, mouth-gasming goodness that we will definitely be coming back for next trip to Vegas!
