SW6ZQk22G1_CV81_gfnvNQ Sunday night dinner at La Carnita.

We've been waiting for a while to check it out, had previously eaten their tasty tacos at pop-ups and other food festivals. Arrived at 5:30pm and had no problem getting a table for six. As we waited for our party to arrive, we ordered drinks & an order of tortilla chips with three sides: guacamole, sikil pak & mezcal chipotle liver pate ($13). I ordered their margarita ($10) which was good, though needed to be a tiny bit sweeter.  The tortilla chips and side dips arrived and the first thing I noticed was that they chips were seasoned. Seasoned very aggressively this in my opinion ruined everything that accompanied them. Couldn`t waste the guacamole, sikil pak and liver pate because all you could taste was the chips. Tasted each dip without a chip. All were good, my favourite being the pate. 

Once the rest of our group arrived we ordered our mains. I ordered the Mexican Street Corn ($8), Swordfish Ceviche ($10), then two tacos: In Cod We Trust and Tostada de Lengua (both $4.75). The corn was awesome, similar to the corn at Grand Electric as well as Café Habana in NY: buttered, and then covered in paprika, parmesan & creamy white sauce. It was awesome.  The over-seasoned tortillas made a second appearance with the ceviche which ruined the dish. All I could taste was the chip seasoning not the great taste of fresh fish with acid and spice. Very disappointing. Taco time: the fish taco was great as usual, the addition of apple slaw is amazing. But the tongue tostada was super unbalanced, way too much heat and not enough mango to counter it. It left my mouth burning well into dessert (and I LOVE SPICY food). 

Finished our meal with Paletas, essentially fancy popsicles. Our table ordered a bunch of them; I tried the Key Lime Pie, Peach & Chocolate Peanut Butter with the Key Lime & Chocolate being my favourites. 
Service was good, prompt and attentive.  

Overall, our experience was fine. Would I go again...probably not, if I have a hankering for hip hop and Mexican, I`ll go to Grand Electric.
