SW6ZQk22G1_CV81_gfnvNQ Dining Experience: Dinner
Specialty: Tacos
Menu items: Mexican Street Corn, In Cod We Trust & Featured Pork Tacos and Churros

La Carnita is the newest addition to the many Mexican-inspired joints that have debuted in the past year in Toronto. In my opinion, its the best Taco joint in the city. Here's why...

Starting off with the most amazing street-style, down and dirty, delicious, well put together mess that is the Mexican Street Corn.

This corn on the cob is perfectly grilled and smothered in fresh cream (crema), aged cheese (queso anejo) and arbol & ancho chili powder. As with any spicy dish, the addition of cream balances it off so well, that one's bite turns from fiery to yummy in the split of a second, and one can not help but continue to sink one's teeth onto the cob, until no corn is left.

La Carnita's menu is versatile and as the owner's say - a work-in-progress. So every other day, they offer a featured taco that is not on the regular menu. When I visited, a very tasty Braised Pork taco was stealing the spotlight.
The taco shell was quite fresh, tasty and warm; which is usually how taco shells are served in Mexico. Brownie points to La Carnita for this. On it, a Yucatan braised pork meat was sitting on a bed of guacamole and covered with pickled onions, cilantro, Jicama orange salsa and aged cheese (queso anejo). So what exactly is Jicama? you might wonder...Jicama is a sweet, root vegetable that looks like a turnip. In Mexico, where it originated, it's usually eaten raw and soaked in lemon juice with salt and pepper. So as you can imagine, when I heard Jicama, I immediately had to go for this taco. As a side note, the use of such ingredients and combinations by the Carnita chef demonstrates his knowledge of world food and true Mexican inspiration.

Because my trust for La Carnita was rising as I tried more dishes, I decided to fully devote myself to their famous In Cod We Trust taco.
The taco is as heavenly as it sounds. The secret? Probably the Voltron sauce (no Mexican translation, refer to 90s cartoon), which to this date, is only known to us patrons as a top secret Asian-inspired sauce. In addition to the sauce, the perfectly beer-battered fried cod, cilantro, lime cream and julienne apple and pickled cabbage slices, are a combination that one must order when at La Carnita. It's juicy, its crunchy, its just simply delicious.

To finish off your meal, La Carnita offers two desserts on the menu, the "Paletas" which are basically ice Popsicles turned gourmet with funky flavours and ingredients that change on any given day. The second, the famous Mexican Churros.
Three crunchy, sweet and flavourful churros come dipped in a cup with house-made cajeta. Cajeta is a Mexican caramel with a more dense texture than regular caramel. It also uses sheep's milk, which gives it a unique ooey-gooey taste. A bite on these "stick-looking" sweet delights will make any meal go from good, to great!

Buen Provecho,
Viviana.
