t_J_ykCkOkZPlmlJuDnkzg Last week, I went to CC's Broiler on Cave Creek for a 2nd time. Obviously the first time was good enough to make me go back; this second time was bad enough that I'll never go back. 

Met a friend there for happy hour and I had a couple of the $2 chicken tacos and they were absolutely delicious!  The beer could've been colder but it was a nice enough sports bar - and great $2 tacos.   (They cook their chicken on an open-flame broiler and these tacos were really, really  delicious.).  And remember, there's a Carolina's across the parking lot. That was a few weeks ago. 

Monday this week I was to meet my friend there at 6 o'clock I got there early and had a beer - this common American beer was difficult to find (?!) and was even less cold than the week before (strike #1). 

The chicken tacos not only had a completely different texture than the previous tacos, they had no flavor.  None. All I tasted was salsa and shell. And salsa. (strike #2)

Now, the reason this location made sense is that a) this is a sports-themed bar, and b) here were two - BIG - games on TV, both on  @5pm: Cardinal NFL football game and a MLB baseball playoff game. CC's Mesquite Broiler didn't know this and they had trouble finding the baseball game AND the football game, ON TIME, AT THE SAME TIME.  Sheesh. EXCUSE ME FOR WANTING TO WATCH THE BEGINNING OF THE GAMES. That's games, plural.  And CC's Mesquite Broiler missed 'em both. 

I'm having trouble expressing myself in a proper fashion about how disappointing it is that a sports bar can't keep track of cold beers and NATIONAL SPORTING EVENTS. 

One idea: concentrate a little more on the sports bar business right in front of you and just a bit less time on illegal employees and neck tattoos. Just a thought. Just my opinion. I could be wrong. 

No matter: I'm not coming back. 

Ever. 

And that leaves me at least 10,000 other choices for tacos. Nice going, CC's Mesquite Broiler.   Turned a fan into a walking Yelp 1 star review.
