T2tEMLpTeSMxLKpxwFdS3g We came to Cabo Fish Taco while en route to our vacation in Florida and met up with a local friend of ours and his 7 month old. 

Beware, put your name on the list because there's gonna be a wait. This joint is crazy popular and for good reason. It's a sizable place but they fill up fast; when we drove by, there were a ton of people waiting outside to be seated. Luckily our friend had our name on the list so we only had about a 15 minute wait by the time we arrived.

They're pretty accommodating of young families, there were a few people with babies and strollers and there's a bit of a stroller parking lot at the front. Took us a bit of finagling to figure out how we were gonna get the stroller parked so it wasn't in the way but we managed. For me, the tables here are a bit too crammed together, especially since its always full. We arrived in time for a 2:30PM lunch and it didn't quiet down by the time we left an hour later.

We all ended up going for the taco stand tacos, you get to pick any two on the menu. I went with one of the daily specials, the pork belly, and the tavarua tuna tacos ("Blackened lemon rubbed tuna in a kiwi-pineapple fajita sauce, stuffed with avocado, mixed greens, tomato, cheese, & topped w/ honey wasabi sauce"). We got nachos and corn salsa to snack on while we waited for our tacos. Honestly, not a fan of the corn salsa, not sure what the hype is about but I wasn't a big fan and would pass next time. The chips aren't anything special - we're used to Lone Star (Canadian mexican chain) and they give you fresh fried chips which really really make the difference.

I couldn't believe how fast the tacos came out after we ordered! My hubby got pork belly and the steak and really enjoyed his, he said the steak was almost better outside of the taco, well seasoned and properly cooked. Mine were both good, but the tavarua tacos were a bit on the spicy side for me so I wouldn't get them again. The pork belly was TO DIE FOR. So delicious, some kind of sweet honey sauce on them, I could have eaten five of those. I regretted not trying any of the deep fried tacos, if we go back I'll make a point of trying those.

My main issue with this place is that the whole experience felt really rushed. It's a busy place and its popular for a reason. But I really felt like I didn't get to truly enjoy my food because it was so hustle bustle. With the tables being as close together as they were and people passing us by in the aisles and rubbing up against my chair and that kind of thing, it really interfered with my enjoyment of the experience.

Overall, a really good spot to stop in and try if you're in Charlotte or passing through. The neighbourhood is cute, so even if you end up with a wait, you can wander around the neighbourhood and check out the shops and whatnot. We'll be back the next time we're in the state and see what else they've got to offer.
