TCoBE_BkDRrK0bWrh5VueQ Taco Y Taco: because I'm an equal opportunity carnivore and will happily nom down all parts of the cow, not just the "normal" meats.

I may be picky sometimes, but when it comes to meats, I try to be an adventurous eater, particularly when visiting one close friend of mine in Vegas who is like.... Andrew Zimmern status. We had been debating between going to Taco Y Taco or Tacos El Gordo (which I have been to, many years ago) this visit, but Taco Y Taco was the obvious choice when it was decided I needed to try the cabeza tacos.

We arrived around 5:30-6 on a late Friday afternoon and it wasn't busy at all. Lots of reviewers have complained about how confusing and complicated the ordering system is with the three lines, and I do see that when it's busy, but since there were no others in line when we went, it was a breeze. We went to the one line we needed, but while there, the guy making our tacos asked if we wanted anything from either of the other two lines while we were there.

My friend ordered 6 tacos - 3 cabeza (head) and 3 tripas. Get the tripas crispy! It makes it the texture of super light, crispy fried chicken skin! Normally, when found in pho or at Korean bbq, i hate tripe, but my friend had be try a piece and crispy in these tacos, I loved it.

I got 3 tacos for myself - cabeza, suadero (meat from between the cow's belly and leg) and lengua (tongue).

The cabeza was great, but the pieces of meat were shredded so, so tiny, it was hard to get a real meaty flavor amidst the onions and cliantro in the taco. This was the one meat that I added some salsa to, but it complimented it perfectly. SIDEBAR: the salsa bar is huge! I'm a big baby for spicy stuff so I only tried one mild salsa, the chunkiest one on the end closest to the taco lines) and it was really great with the cabeza. I also didn't want to get much salsa since I wanted to really just savor the flavor of the meats I was eating.

I had never had nor tried suadero before walking into Taco Y Taco. I was curious as to what it was, and upon seeing where in the cow it was from, I knew I had to try it. I love fish bellies and pork belly, why wouidn't I like cow belly? It was tender and sweet and flavorful. I could have easily had a few suadero tacos. No salsa necessary.

Lengua, sweet, sweet lengua, meat of my dreams. Beef tongue is one of my favorite meats at any Korean bbq (when it's available) and lengua tacos are probably my favorite street tacos. Lengua is such a smooth, melt in your mouth meat that I just want to feed it to all my friends (without telling them what it is first so that they aren't scared). Next time I'm here I'll get at least 3 of these :)

I can't wait to come back to Taco Y Taco the next time I'm in Vegas!
