Ted-cvKJ7pojwy416PVRhw Moreno's is a mobile food truck, err trailer, that has taken up residence on the Southeast corner of Main Street and Power Road in Mesa.  The truck/trailer combo is somewhat hard to miss.  There are bright, scrolling and blinking signs affixed to the side of a colorfully painted 6 wheeled trailer attached to an equally colorful box truck adorning the Moreno's name.  It beckons for your attention as if to say, "Come and look here.  We've street tacos, grilled meat and Mexican food."

Just like a moth is drawn to a bright light, so are people to this mobile, scaled down version Moreno's Restaurant.  And it drew me in too!  Driving by, I first saw the truck and trailer setup along Power Road and Main Street with people standing at the window and taking food away.  Several days later, I saw that it had moved to the southern side of the parking lot and had taken up camp in front of a vacant business making for a bit less chaotic arrangement with easier access.

The setup is really quite nice for a mobile food business.  Right next to the food truck, there is a large patio area that has several tables with umbrellas and folding chairs for dining al fresco - they even play music to drown out the traffic noise while you dine.  In the evening, the patio is lighted with hanging retro style string lights above the tables in the dining area.  There is also a mini salsa bar that has two tomato based salsas, one is mild, one is medium heat with a slight roasted flavor and one creamy avocado based salsa, plus fresh sliced cucumber, lime wedges and pickled carrots with onions and jalapenos; they even have small to go cups for salsa and plastic bags for jalapenos if you are getting takeaway.  

The menu is presented on a flat screen TV and currently consists of Burritos, Tacos (street style: small soft corn tortillas), Tortas (a toasted bolillo roll with lettuce, avocado and Pico de Gallo - think of a warm, burger-like sandwich), Caramelos (melted white Mexican cheese and meat in between two crispy griddled flour tortillas - think quesadilla that is not folded) and Vampiros (a crispy corn tortilla with meat, chopped onions and fresh cilantro - think tostada, no cheese, no lettuce) all made with your choice of meat.  

Meat choices are Asada (grilled garlic & lime marinated beef), Al Pastor (chili & pineapple marinated grilled pork), Tripas (boiled & grilled intestine), Cabeza (roasted beef head), Cecina (marinated & dried beef), Lengua (braised beef tongue) and Pollo Asada (grilled citrus marinated chicken).  Also offered: Sonoran Hot Dogs (a bacon wrapped hot dog topped with pinto beans, onions, mayonnaise, mustard and salsa in a split bolillo roll).

Although the menu shows just six items, once you consider the choices of meat fillings and the various forms of roll or tortillas, simple math will dictate nearly 40 different menu offerings; enough to keep you coming back to find that perfect combination. 

The food is tasty, freshly made and reasonably priced.  The Burrito and Caramelo are filling, as is the Torta.  The Tacos will need to be in multiples to be equally filling but, nonetheless, they are tasty on their own.  The meats are tender, not too fatty, juicy, and have flavor.  The cheese in the Caramelos is quality, flavorful, gooey and plentiful.  The proportions of condiments, ingredients and seasoning all seem to be in proper ratios too; customize it with the addition of the tasty salsas and you will have a mouthwatering combination.

The service is prompt and friendly and the staff is happy to explain menu items to you.  Once you place your order and pay, if you are eating there, you are given a number to place on your table and your food is delivered to you.  Also offered are bottled water and Mexican & American soda.  Credit cards are accepted too.  If you are in a hurry, you can call ahead to order, and because Moreno's is located in the parking lot of a shopping center, parking is plentiful and pickup is breeze.

Overall, Moreno's Food Truck is a satisfying and delicious option for quick-serve Mexican food.  I have noticed that they are now parked and open for business earlier in the day, for lunch, and some days will go well into the night, so long as there are customers ordering food.  Given Moreno's humble beginnings as a hot dog cart, and now their multiple brick and mortar restaurants, I know that their success will be assured as they certainly have the experience to do so.  So long as Moreno's keeps it fresh, high quality and simple, people will only continue to flock here - especially if they keep this location (for the dining area alone).  My one suggestion: offer a dessert option - Churros or Fried Ice Cream or Flan . . . or all three!

Overall Rating: 4 Stars
Food: 4 stars
Service: 4.2 Stars
Cleanliness: 3.8 Stars
Atmosphere: 4
Price/Value: 3.8 Stars
