thLX_k20SPJ0KyusGTBIHw I met S1 & S2 here for lunch. Diego Pops has a very cool vibe. The beautiful patio area on the south side of the restaurant is awesome.  Our host sat us right away with a smile and some pleasantries. The inside is clean with a slight midcentury groove. The exposed bricks on the interior does give the feeling of a retro fitted 80's Taco Bell (A good thing). 

S had asked me where I wanted to eat. I checked out Yelp and it seemed that Diego Pops had so many 5 Star reviews I figured it must be amazing. Well, not so much. I was rushing so I didn't really read the reviews, I just scrolled down past the numerous 5 Stars. I should have read more. The issue is there are a lot of reviews that don't say anything about the food. Zip. Just "great service" so here's 5 stars. Wow. I guess if someone figures out a way to eat service I could understand it. But can you imagine someone writing a review for a movie and only saying the popcorn was great, the seats were comfortable and then say nothing about the movie but give it the top of the scale rating. Diego Pops is a restaurant. For me, good service is an expectation, not a luxury or "bonus" feature. I come for the food and if it's amazingly good and the service matches it, 5 stars for sure. But I've said it before, if the service is bad but the food is awesome, I'll come back and just make sure I get a different server but I certainly wouldn't toss out a 1 star with a lot of whining. In my opinion, it should be about the food.

Off the soapbox. All that being said, our service was great. Our server Taylor was very nice, kept our drinks filled, was not intrusive to our conversation and paced everything correctly. She answered our questions and generally made us feel welcome. She even handled ALL of the special requests S2 had with grace. Nice job Taylor. 

We started our meal with an order of the Brussel Sprout Nachos ($10). Now this could possibly be one of the greatest food items of 2015. But, our order was just not done correctly. It's hard to tell how the Brussel sprouts are cooked because so many on our order weren't. Raw or almost raw Brussel sprouts can be a bit hard to chew and enjoy. I think these were supposed to be steamed and then sautéed but most weren't. Personally, I would just roast them but that's just me. The Brussel sprouts sit on a pile of really nice tortilla chips that are covered with street corn queso, queso Oaxaca, Fresno chili's, pickled onions and a roasted garlic beet crema. The whole pile is then topped with a fried egg. Ours was beautiful, perfectly cooked. Cutting into the egg and having it ooze over the nachos was just plain yummy. If the Brussel sprouts would have been cooked properly, this would have been an amazing dish.

S1 ordered the Skirt Steak Bowl ($11.) with coconut white rice and stewed beans. His bowl included the white rice and beans topped with a good portion of grilled skirt steak, house slaw, grilled onion slices and crispy leeks. The guacamole was mysteriously missing. S1 said this was a very tasty bowl. The skirt steak was cooked a bit on the well done side, but all in all a good effort.

S2 ordered a Braised Green chili chicken Taco ($3.50), a Crispy Cod taco ($4.) and a side of Cilantro Lime Rice ($2.) S2 said everything she ordered tasted fine but that it was nothing special. The green chili chicken was nicely spiced and the flavors well integrated. The crispy fish taco was also fine. She felt the fish could have had a bit more crisp to it but overall it was a good effort. She enjoyed the rice without much comment. It seemed to me like her whole meal was a good value.
 
I ordered the Crispy Cod bowl ($10.00) with brown rice and creamy beans. This was a miss ALL the way through. First and most important, the fish was not crispy. Nor would it ever be because it was sitting on top of the rice and creamy beans and then covered by the house slaw. So, it basically steamed and if there ever was a crispy coating, it was soggy before it reached our table. Why, if the main ingredient is the crispy cod, would you not put it on top to showcase it? This was a serious bush league mistake. The main ingredient should be the focus and standing out in all of its glory. The mistakes continued. There was no guacamole, I got pickled onion instead of grilled onion and there was no crispy leek anywhere. I think it bailed with the guacamole. So for ten bones I basically got what tasted like a tostada with soggy fish, without the tortilla. No Bueno.

We all ordered Iced Teas and at ($3) a piece, they're expensive even for Scottsdale. The tea was great and Taylor brought us all To-go teas to take with us so I guess in the end it's a wash. 

I like Diego Pops. However I think the food could use some work if it's going to truly be a 5 Star, heck, even a 4 Star experience.
Great service, Great vibe, fair prices, awesome Nachos in theory, average food at best delivered. 3 Stars
