thLX_k20SPJ0KyusGTBIHw What can I say...I'm so disappointed in myself for waiting so long to try Diego Pops! My girlfriend and I decided to try a place we both hadn't been to yet for lunch on a Friday afternoon. When I got there it wasn't crowded (as it was during the week) and so since it was so nice out we decided to sit at the bar on the patio side. We asked the bartender what was the best appetizer and she recommended the Brussels Sprout Nachos. DONE! I had the Guava Coconut cocktail (served in a baby coconut) and my girlfriend just had a margarita. The nachos came out and they were huge and AWESOME with flavor. You also get a mixture of sauces as well. The pink Garlic Roasted Beet Crema was OUTSTANDING!!! We were going to try the tacos but the nachos were filling enough we decided to stop there. 

Well, jump to the next day (Saturday) and while looking for a place for lunch I suggested Diego Pops to my boyfriend and our friend. After hearing about it from me the day before it was a DONE deal we were going back for lunch on Saturday!

We were served complimentary chips and salsa on this visit (why was this not consistent with all the staff...oh well). I decided to have tacos on this visit. I ordered the Braised Green Chili Chicken Taco with the suggested hard shell, Charred Skirt Steak taco with flour tortilla and a side of creamy beans. My boyfriend ordered the bean and cheese burrito (you get two in an order) and our friend ordered the Adobo BBQ Chicken Bowl. I started with my skirt steak taco and it was awesome. I then had my chicken taco and thought it fell a little flat on the flavor. I was disappointed but the skirt steak was great. The beans were also so good! My boyfriend loved his burritos and our friend loved his bowl! Again we LOVED the Garlic Beet Crema while our friend loved the Adobo sauce! 

We also ordered a few drinks: my boyfriend had the margarita, I had the prickly pear margarita and our friend had the Mexican mule. We all sampled each others and they were all very tasty! 

The Saturday we went the patio was full and so was the bar. The server we had on Sat seemed like he didn't really want to be there. He had a girl shadowing him for training and we saw her once time. 

I know we will certainly be back again very soon as i'm already craving those nachos!!
