TLEO3CpoJ0R7UKHvRb8fVg I have been here a couple of times.  We have a dear friend that likes to eat here.  When a friend is offering to treat you to dinner, you can't really argue about where you are going to dine, at least not in this case.  Anyway, while I appreciated the gesture, this place is not one of my favorites.  I have had way worse, but I have definitely had better.  

As I have mentioned in other reviews, I am a strict vegetarian (vegan) so my options are often limited, especially at a restaurant such as this.  I often end up with fries or a plain baked potato and a salad at many places, including this one.  As far as salads go the ones I have had here are alright, but nothing special and mostly made up of iceberg lettuce.  Their french fries have got to be your run of the mill frozen crinkle cuts that you see at most any place that doesn't make their own.  I can just picture the bag in my head that would read "Gordon Food Service..."  

My friend and husband seem to enjoy enjoy their meals when we have been here.  Usually prime rib.  Just, from my perspective though, the vegetables on the side looked pathetic-obviously previously frozen, watery and mushy looking broccoli, etc.  

There is a main dining room which is brightly lit or you can sit in the larger bar area which is darker and more comfortable.  Both sides have always been dead when we were there though.  The ambiance is a little lacking and seems disconnected, but it's hard for me to put it into words.  Too open??  In any case, not especially comfortable to me.  The jukebox never seems to be working right either so I had to get refunds.  

So, you won't starve here and it's alright just not something I am super excited about or would recommend to a friend.  Like I said, if it were up to me, this wouldn't be my first choice.  I don't want to hurt anybody's feelings, but I doubt this would be Gordon Ramsay approved...  It could be greatly improved with some fresh vegetables and less frozen stuff.  In my case, the company of my husband and friend made it alright.  I wasn't there for the food.  Just to catch up and have a good time among ourselves.  And I did mention they have a bar, right?  =)
