tstimHoMcYbkSC4eBA1wEg Along with the fact that I've had a bad experience here before with the waitress and the problem of the sewage smell coming through the door upon walking in, I am absolutely appalled by the service that I received today by waitress named Gloria. I received very bad service from her before but because the food here is decent I figured I would give her another chance and thought that she just had a bad day. Upon walking in, I sit down and she takes my order and does not even ask me if I want anything to drink (let alone even offer the option for chips and salsa). She immediately sits down and gets on her phone and starts chatting and laughing and I asked her if I can get some water along with having the free salsa and chips that is normally offered. She told me that they charged for the second round of chips and salsa and the first one is free if you eat in the restaurant. She assumed that I was going to take the food to go which puzzled me as to why she never even asked in the first place whether or not I was going to take the food and immediately took it upon herself to charge me. Already feeling irritated with her service, I asked for her manager and she gave me the name of her manager along with the days that he worked. She also stated her name to me in a very rude way and then turned around to complete what she was doing in the kitchen along with canceling my order.

The reason why I come to this place is because the food is good and they're close to my area of residence yet because of that, it still does not give anyone a reason to treat their customers with a lack of service. I've spoken to the manager before and he seems like a very nice guy who would rectify the situation but I'm just hoping that in the future management would be more aware of how  their waitresses treat their customers. 

Being in Las Vegas there are SO many Mexican restaurants in the city I believe it would behoove any Mexican restaurant owner or business to make sure that they are a cut above the rest due to the high competition. 

The only reason why I gave them two stars is because the food is decent, although the last time when she brought the chips out they were oily and cold. I asked Ms Gloria to reheat them and this is where the attitude started with me. I've been eating there in the past two years and never have I had any issues with the service. 

In this case, Ms. Gloria you really left a bad taste in my mouth and I don't think I'll be coming back to this restaurant anytime soon!
