tTR9GQbdC-rEHNsECmSWRw Extremely nice staff!  But not nice enough to make up for the subpar service & mediocre food.  Cats, did I mention freaking stray cats?  As someone allergic cats I was immediately turned off.

Ok, let's break down this visit.  Waitress was very nice, a little "green," but a complete sweetheart who seemed to try her best.  My warm water was never delivered, my daughter's drink was never refilled & she never offered condiments with my daughter's leftovers.  I feel bad for critiquing her because she was so nice but she has more to learn.  On a good note, they prebussed well.

I ordered a chips & salsa tree.  Three out of the four were good but the guacamole/tomatillo salsa was missing something.  I thought there green salsa tasted store bought.  The chips weren't too salty & were nice & crispy.

At this point, I'm pretty excited to try my shrimp & carne asada.  I'm thinking it's going to be amazing & I'll finally get to try elote.  (I was definitely curious about my husband's shrimp verdes enchiladas)

Food comes & that's about the best thing I can say about it.  I looked at my corn & it was clearly drying out from sitting around a while.  There was a weird stabbed key lime on the plate as well, also dry.  The shrimp, all three of them were eh but cooked appropriately (all 3 of them).  The beans were pretty good but nothing that really stood out to me.  Ok the best letdown was the carne asada.  It was a thick slab of meat not thinner slices, which is more traditional.  I ordered it medium rare & it was delivered slightly overcooked.  I was pleased with the tenderness of the meat but the flavor just tasted burned.  I called it charburned instead of charbroiled.

I asked for tortillas for my carne & she brought me three dried out tortillas that sat wrapped up so long they broke apart as i unrolled them.  I asked for more & they weren't much better.

I tasted one bite of my husband's enchiladas & was disappointed to taste that it was covered with that horrible store bought tasting green salsa.  I did not return for another bite.


I had high hopes for this place.  :/

P.S. my tourist friends loved it.  Perhaps they just didn't know better.
