tTR9GQbdC-rEHNsECmSWRw 2/23/10

Sat at the patio to admire the colorful and lush surroundings, but at the expense of sitting on very damp cushions, which I didn't even notice until I had risen to go the restroom to wash my hands before having a bite to eat.  (Another man sitting at the next table eventually stood up to look for drier cushions, as well.)  Service was very friendly- that is, up until I paid, but more about this later.  Ordered the weekly drink special- the rose margarita.  Delicious!  Pretty, too.  

For apps, I tried the Cilantro hummus ($2) and the Grilled steak skewers ($5).  Loved the hummus and pita, and the pita also paired well w/ the spicy cheese sauce that came w/ the steak skewers.  As for the skewers themselves... these were processed meat pieces, not from fresh steaks.  I did not appreciate the texture.  (I'm very interested to read about others' opinions on this dish.)  To think I received more satisfaction from a $2 dish and a cheese sauce!  At least the margarita was very good...

As I've said, the service was very friendly, and patient, answering all of my allergy concerns.  I had a very hard time securing a working outlet for my laptop, though, w/ my server and the assistant manager saying that the outlet that I found was "out-of-service."  Yet, a third server/runner enthusiastically offered to get maintenance to have a look at the outlet, only to be intercepted by the asst. mgr., and suddenly, I was out of luck again.  Apparently, the asst. manager didn't want me to have use of my laptop while sitting outside.  Too bad, bec. I would've ordered another drink AND a dessert had I been able to stay much longer, but my dying battery had me packing and looking for an outlet to use elsewhere.  (Also, when it looked like I wasn't going to have access to an outlet, and after repeated visits from the server regarding dessert, I decided to ask for my receipt.  It took quite awhile to get the table ticket.  It seemed like when she knew I wasn't planning on ordering anything more, the friendly service disappeared.  Where once I had two or more reps coming over asking if I needed their assistance, I now couldn't even flag down one for a glass of water!)

I'd like to come back to surround myself again in such sensuous and verdant environs; I just will be sure not to visit right after it rains.  I may even just skip R-Bar and try Rita's Kitchen or BLT Steak's happy hour menus, instead.  Perhaps it's best not to return at all?  I wouldn't want to trouble the Camelback Inn staff to wait on a troublesome customer such as myself...
