UqhVZYUeoBGroYpZB-9jlQ A few months ago my son and I went to this location and enjoyed a marvelous experience with great food, and a brilliantly wonderful waitress that I left a 50% tip.  Believe me, she was amazing!  This time we were so excited as it would be our second visit and let me tell you, I left the waitress a 0% tip.  This is something I never did before.  After we put our order in we noticed people coming in after us, getting their food, paying, and leaving.  I kept looking for our waitress while trying to keep my son entertained, but she forgot we were even there.  Then she came and told us that the kitchen was backed up.  Yes, she lied.  If she had been honest and said she forgot to place the order I would have understood as we all make mistakes.  She chose to lie, when we had eyes to see others eating.  Then we waited even longer.  Like, really long considering I got a very simple salad, and my son got the fajitas.  Nothing that should take so long.  Well, it was my son's first experience with fajitas, and I explained to him how they come out sizzling in the pan, and the smell is incredible.  Luckily, the table next to us, which came in 30 minutes after we placed our order had also ordered the fajitas and my son was able to experience that excitement vicariously.  It would still be 45 minutes before his showed up.  No sizzle, no smell, and a bit on the cooled off side.  My salad was soggy from sitting around so long, and drizzled in queso fresco, which I asked to be left off because I'm vegan.  Oh, and thanks for the burnt flatbread, that just made it all so much better.  And I'm talking about the bottom and edges being charcoal black and disintegrated.  Trying to get her back again after she threw our plates in front of us and ran off was ridiculous.  There was no point because she was done.  So she forgot to place our order, forgot to pick it up when it came out, ignored us until another worker (twice) sent her to our table, lied to us, didn't offer a dessert or a drink refill for myself.  Thankfully she did refill my son's lemonade while looking me in the eye and lying about the kitchen staff.  The vast contrast of service we received during those two visits was off the charts.  Therefore, lady, your tip is backed up.  Look for it in the mail.
