V_RD57ea9ATcoryET1vTkA Amongst valley Mexican restaurant chains, Macayo's is certainly among the more polarizing.  People usually love em or hate em.  I grew up on Macayo's so I would say for me it wasn't so much love as it was a tradition.  The old Central & Indianola location was my family's goto for Christmas parties, birthdays, celebrations after kids sports games, and for quiet family time.  In 2016, the old building was torn down to make room for a new high rise development.  The old building was worn out and antiquated, but it had charm.  Originally, Macayo's plan was to take over the auto parts store across the street and build their new location there.  When that didn't happen, it was an open question whether Macayo's would even re-open at all.  But then seemingly out of nowhere, Macayo's re-appeared in the space on Central & Clarendon that used to house FEZ.  This is doubly confusing because FEZ claimed they were kicked out of this space because it would be torn down.  Anyway, long story short Macayo's is back and my parents were eager to check it out so I went with them on a Sunday night for dinner.

The exterior of the new Macayo's is relatively untouched from when FEZ used to occupy this space, but the interior has undergone a fairly extensive renovation.  New furniture, a redesigned bar area, and plenty of Mexican themed artwork on the walls.  The seating is a little cramped but can hold probably just over 100 at a time including the outside patio on Central Avenue.  I had anticipated the menu being similar to the old place, but to my astonishment they've scaled it back quite a bit.  Instead of a multi page menu book with a variety of options, its all on one side of one page.  I'm usually cool with this if their remaining offerings are of top quality.  Though I'll be honest it's a disappointment to no longer see the Baja Burro on their menu.  That was an item I grew up with.  I'm sure many loyal patrons will also be surprised to see so many of their usual offerings missing at the new place.

Determined to make the best of the new experience here, I ordered their signature dish.  Woody's Original Chimichanga.  Your choice of meat (chicken for me), wrapped in a tortilla with chile relleno sauce, sour cream and mixed cheeses.  Attempting to recreate my Baja Burro past, I ordered my Chimichanga Baja style with their spicy Baja sauce.  Came with a side of black beans.  Total cost for the Chimichanga, water, tax and tip came to about $16.  The Chimi was pretty much as I remembered as was the Baja sauce.  The Baja Burro they served was typically much more liberal with the sauce than they were with the Chimi, but there was enough there to mostly satisfy.  I'll have to try some of the other classic items at another time, but based on the Chimi, the food here appears to fit the familiar Macayo's profile.

Let's put it this way.  If you enjoyed the old world charm of the old location, the new location will be an acquired taste (and I think I'm being fairly charitable there).  If you liked the extensive menu of items the old Central Avenue location offered, you will also likely be a little deflated to see a relatively minimalist menu at the new location.  If you didn't feel like the food at the old location was anything special, the new place probably won't change your mind.  But if you like most of what Macayo's offers and prefer a more modern looking upgrade to the old place, you just might enjoy this new spot.  It's early yet (they've only been open at the new location less than a month as I write this), so they'll have time to tinker.  For now, I would say that Macayo's remains a gringo family friendly Mexican sit down spot.  The food doesn't have a wow factor, but it remains consistent.  Something I'm sure Woody and Victoria Johnson took great pains to maintain for their now 72 year old Phoenix establishment.
