V0GryzKJfygQOK-n8Hw5Mw DO NOT GO TO THIS LOCATION! GO TO THE ONE ON MCDOWELL AND 16TH ST. THEY ARE NOT THE SAME! 

I have gone to the Taco's Mich on McDowell and 16th st for years and they have the best Horchata and Jamaica! Everything I have gotten there has been so good! My wife and I love tacos mich on McDowell and 16th st so when we found out they have a location near our house we got so excited! We went there today and the front lady was super grumpy...ok no biggie its fast food, I dont expect great customer service, but I also dont expect to be treated like a pain in the bottom. 

The Horchata was watered down and was one of the worst I have ever had, my wife's Jamaica was also the worst I have ever had. It tasted like they added Tajin seasoning to the Jamaica (or whatever spice they use for their micheladas). The food was average, it wasnt disgusting, but when you eat at the location at McDowell and 16th st you will see what I mean. If the McDowell location was a 10, this was a 5 or 6 food. The drinks are a 0, couldn't even drink them. My wife said to the lady that the Jamaica didnt taste good and that it had a spice or something that made it not taste as good. She started to argue with her as if my wife had never had a Jamaica before...my wife said she has had Jamaica before and this lady said that they make theirs different here. I jumped in and said "you make them different then the location on McDowell and 16th st?" and she said no at first because they are supposed to be the same, but when we kept asking why it didnt taste the same she said that they dont as much water at this location...blah blah blah! She was basically trying to BS us into  beleiving her story so that she wouldnt have to do anymore work by getting us a different drink or refund on the drinks. I originally didnt want to even mention the drinks to her because she was super grumpy, but my wife was upset because we literally paid $1.59 for something we were going to throw in the trash. Another reminder why I do not argue with ignorant people, its not worth it. 

So overall, food is average. Drinks are gross. Customer service is non existent.  

P.S. they play the TV so loud that you cannot hear anything else...
