v7xjDbezQ2xw95itvN244Q I had been to this place one time before my recent and LAST visit to this place. The first time around everything went smooth, the food was great, the service was great, no complaints. The second time around, it was a completely different experience. Let me start by saying ABSOLUTELY WORST SERVICE EVER. We walked in and the place was busy. When my boyfriend and I walked in we made eye contact with a waitress, who rather than sitting us down went about her business as if we were not there. Rude much? We get seated and we ordered our food. I ordered a small order or ceviche and my boyfriend order two empanadas and a tostada mixta. The ceviche was good, but it was missing avocado. Every other restaurant that I have gone to and ordered ceviche serves avocado with it. So I asked the waitress if I could please have some avocado. A HALF HOUR LATER I get my avocado, a whole avocado, by this time I am practically done with the ceviche!! The empanadas were fairly good, not the best. My boyfriend's tostada, wow I do not even know where to start! To begin with there was ONE shrimp on it placed neatly on the top of a mountain of haiva which is crab imitation. We dig through the pile of haiva only to find two pieces of octopus which did not look appetizing AT ALL. On the bottom of it all is what seems to be a tomato sauce. When I tell my waitress that I did not order a tostada de haiva and that I ordered a tostada mixta she simply told me that she was sorry but that it was not her fault that she did not cook that. She does not even offer to take it up to her supervisor or to return the food, NOTHING! At any other restaurant the least they do is ask if we want the food returned or replaced. Then I look for a waiter and tell him about the issue, and just like the waitress, he does nothing but explain that it is the way they make them there. Absolutely ridiculous, anyone can google a tostada mixta and you will see that nothing looks like a mountain of haiva. WORSTE EXPERIENCE EVER!!!!
