veXxt8rGY_RJPpA5QkHT9Q I was visiting from out of town and my friends recommended that we check out Barrio- their favorite taco bar in Cleveland. We arrived before a show around 6 on Saturday night and waited about 10 minutes for a table- beware this place is PACKED! By the time we left their had to be a 40+ min wait.

Upon sitting we were greeted by our server and she walked us through the menu, which consisted mainly of BYO tacos. We started with the trio of queso (really good and cheesy), the pineapple salsa and the pineapple guac. The guac had a really funky taste to it, which we decided was the pickled red onion, that gave it a spoiled taste. I think the red onion was way too vinegary - so be aware when ordering it. 

We all did BYO tacos and I was blown away by the different options you could get- from taco shell, protein, toppings, salsa/sauces. Here's what I ordered:

TACO 1: Corn tortilla, grilled portobellos mushrooms, queso fresco, cilantro, sautéed peppers+onions, salda verde with the cilantro line aioli
This was my favorite taco. The portobellos we're cooked perfectly, and the cilantro lime really brought it together. Great options here for vegetarians. 

TACO 2: Corn tortilla, braised beef, queso fresco, cilantro + onions, pineapple salsa
The braised beef was very flavorful and I loved the sweet combination of it with the pineapple salsa.

TACO 3: Corn tortilla, spice chicken, cilantro, onions, salsa roja, chipotle crema
This was a basic taco, but again, it was really good and I throughly enjoyed it. 

After the food came to the table I instantly regretted (but did I really?) getting 3 tacos. I'm from Charlotte and most of our 'street tacos' are very small (4") so I was expecting that, but these tacos were huge and stuffed with toppings. I mean, with endless toppings how could they not be stuffed?!

Overall, Barrio was good (loved the large selection of taco options), service was fast and the margaritas were tasty! I would def return if I was back in the area again.
