36GvUjLg3drdOB3jgpqTOQ First and foremost, this place has THE worst management ever!!!

We had a party of 35, which I was told twice over the phone that they would be able to accommodate and that once half of our party was present, we would be seated. When we got there with half of our party, we were told by the manager that our whole party needed to be present to be seated. I let the manager know what I was told over the phone and that his employees misinformed me, and he did not seem to care at all.

Our entire party was present after an hour of waiting, yet we still weren't seated due to them not having enough tables available. It took 1.75 hours for our entire party to be seated! We were all seated on the patio, but all at different tables nowhere near each other, yet each table was all charged the 20% gratuity since according to them, we were all considered part of the same party, which to me makes no sense at all. On top of everything, our server didn't check up on our table one time during our meal. Is it really this hard to find good customer service nowadays?!

I spoke to the manager, Kyle, on our way out and asked him why I was initially misinformed about large parties. He said he wasn't sure why and did not even seem to care. I also asked why we were charged gratuity when we were clearly not seated anywhere close to each other. He had no answer. He said he was able to push some tables close together which he clealy did not do because "the restaurant would lose space." Why did it matter the space when we took up the entire half of the patio anyways was beyond my understanding. I also let him know Yelp said the accept reservations, which they clealy don't. He said their Tech people are working on correcting that. Riiiiiiight buddy...

The manager was not apologetic at all and did nothing to make the situation any better. If anything, all he showed was that they took our comined bills of over $1,000 and did not care for our business again. 

As much as I love the food, patio and ambiance, I will NEVER recommend this establishment again, especially for a large party. Extremely disappointed in tonight's outcome.
