VRTrhsYKSJo1kGX5RqBlFA The deals and the tacos are the standouts here, everything else is "just ok." I was really excited to try Bel Air on the square because I'd been to their Milwaukee location and absolutely LOVED it. Our visit on Taco Tuesday last week was fun, but not out-of-this-world. Our waitress introduced herself as our "taco tour guide," so there's that. 

I was a little bummed to see that ciders and wine (aka anything other than beer) were $7, while the beers were on special for $2. I know beer is cheaper universally, but really? It's quite the chasm between the two items. I settled for the $5 margarita special (strawberry!), which was actually quite good. 

We got 2 rounds of queso: one regular and one with lobster/shrimp. Don't bother ordering the one with lobster in it. I'm not sure if it was missing or simply undetectable, but it tasted the same as the regular queso. They did put a few chunks of lobster on the top, but it was still a waste of money if you ask me.

Taco Tuesday? Heck yeah it was. $2 for *select* tacos and tamales on the menu. I got the port-queso, soy chorizo, and black bean tamale. Since I ordered 3, I got rice and beans fo free. It's worth noting that the port queso was AMAZING: a clear standout for the night. I don't totally understand the reasoning behind which tacos are eligible for Taco Tuesday and which ones aren't (it doesn't seem to be the regular menu price). I swear the Milwaukee location had more TT tacos available as well. 

Bel Air has a large outdoor patio and we were really excited to sit outside (even if it was 1 hour 20 minute wait), so we brought our dog. I thought I should check ahead of time to see if dogs were welcome on the patio, so I message Bel Air's Facebook page (which says they "typically answer messages immediately" 4 hours before we went. We didn't hear back and the host informed us that dogs weren't allowed as we sat down. So after waiting an hour for our table, one of us ran the dog back home. 

Overall, it was a fun night. I'll probably stop back on another one of the deal nights. I don't think Bel Air has won my top spot for tacos yet, though.
