VXlK-DWw4ADR4TE7Eou5Dg One of my best friends lives a block down the street from this restaurant, so on monday i decided to give a try. I went there around 3 pm got a chicken burrito and loved it ! the waiter was was a young mexican guy around 20-25. The place wasnt packed due to the time i went. I payed with my debit card and the waiter was extremely polite and gave us a menu as soon as we walked in. 

    Today i decided to go again because it was the best burrito i have had in a while. After today i can confidently say i will NEVER return to this place even if they payed me to do so. When we walked in the waiter didn't tell us where to seat and when we decided where to seat he said the seats were reserved....okay no problem (even though they were the seats that are there as soon as you come in but didnt bother to tell us that. We switched seats and the guy completely forgot to give us a menu. We asked him two times (ignored us) and finally he gave us one. He had troubles understanding the names of the food (they are in spanish and i'm fluent). We decided to order but after we wanted Calamares Fritos but he was no where in sight so we had to ask a really nice lady that gave us our appetizers. When the burritos finally arrived i was excited. When i bit into it the guacamole wasnt fresh...so it was pretty gross. I know it wasnt fresh due to the fact that being spanish i buy avocado like crazy ! i didnt complain or anything but if was a disappointment. I invited my friends out to eat so we were just waiting for the bill...when it does come i asked to pay with debit and the waiter told me they dont have a debit machine (it was literally behind us on the counter) i asked him if we could use the one on the counter and he said in a very rudely way " We dont accept debit, you can go upstairs and get money out of the atm" i did go to the atm got charged 2 dollars that could have gone towards his tip but at this point i just wanted to get out. 

     I got my friends to come with me telling them it was the best burrito in my life and i payed $60 dollars for a HUGE disappointing experience. I usually dont complain or give too much importance to the service but i never been treated so bad. The thing that pissed me off it's that the waiter said they didnt accept debit......are you kidding me ? On monday at 3 i payed $30 with debit, so how come i "cant" pay debit for my bill that came up to $56....?

     In my opinion i believe that the staff that worked today wasnt good at all expect for a really nice lady with a yellow shirt. She was so nice, she was basically taking care of us. If i ever do go it will have to be mondays around 3-5 just because the staff that day were extremely nice.
