wDfz8ap9xWzj46mtNDcT9A Well, this is a hole in the wall if there was one. Random location that you would never think to enter unless you read the review on Yelp. We were worried that Yelpers may have lead us a stray. As ramshackle
as the bldg. is,  the location is only 3-4 minutes from the airport's car rental return & near gas stations for you to refill. Now on to the food:

We were immediately served with warm tortilla chips and delicious house salsa. Pureed salsa that was mild with a hint of heat. Very good. Ordered a side of guac. It did have real avocado but it seemed mixed with something & was a little runny. Not the way I like quac but it might be good to others.  

The chix. enchilada was fantastic. Tender tasty chix & lots of it along with a couple of onions & bell peppers. It wasn't slathered in sauce either and the sauce was yummy. Highly recommend. 

The ground beef taco was good but paled in comparison to the enchilada (in our order we had 2).

Also had the chili relleno. Very unusual. Almost a Con Queso dip. The chili was chopped and mixed in with a  meet & cheese mixture. It was served next to the beens & it was almost the same color & consistency. Once we figured out it was the chili relleno, we devoured it. I ate it on a chip with some house salsa. yum. I would definitely recommend it but would ask them to use less cheese if I ordered it again. 

Also had a beef tamale. There was a little shredded beef inside, but mostly it was the tamale breading with a ground beef & sauce mixture pored over it. My husband enjoyed it, but for me it wasn't as good as the relleno or enchilada so I only had a bite.

As a San Diegan who has access to excellent Mexican food on a daily basis, I would say the food here could go head to head with some of San Diego's Mexican restaurants.  

Our bill was $22 with tip for all that food plus a soda- much better price, value and taste than anything you'll eat in the airport. If you have time, highly recommend pulling over here instead of a quick bite at the airport.

I am writing this review in the airport about an hour after finishing our meal & I still have a very very full stomach.
