wJ84TZZTuT0EdLzPHt8RDw We keep trying this location in hopes that they pull it together.

First attempt- Called ahead to have a table for 15. Host stated that they don't take reservations. Okay, whatever. It was a Wednesday or Thursday anyways, how busy could it be? All 15 of us show up and the place is completely full and on a wait. Why not tell us on the phone that you don't have room for 15 and it would be an "x amount" wait?! Waste of everyone's time.

Second visit- I asked for hot sauce with the chips and salsa, but was informed that they were out. A few minutes later, our waitress Sam (who was great btw!) says they just finished making some, and brought it out. A relief, because I wanted to leave if there was no hot sauce! I won't eat mexican food without it. It had a strange taste though. Like too much chili powder or something. Added some salt, lime, and a little bit of regular salsa and it was good. 

Third visit- Service wasn't great. My order got messed up and we had to ask for extra salsa and refills. I'm in the service industry too. I get being busy, but it's a no-brainer to keep these filled. Waiter never came back to check on our food. He was getting an attitude from the table next to ours for a messed up order too. Felt bad for the server. Sometimes you can't catch a break. Kitchen or server mistake, who knows. I hope for better training/steps of service so he can avoid this in the future. The hot sauce still had an overpowering chili powder flavor. 

I wish the servers would tell you when guac/ sour cream/sauce comes on certain things. The menu doesn't always say, and those things can't be picked off like a tomato. Maybe the staff can anticipate this when someone modifies their order to omit several things off the dish. 

The dining area is always busy and I took notice of rude clientele all around us! So strange. However, attitudes are contagious. 

One more thing, please bring Huss Scottsdale Blonde on tap! The Barrio is terrible and we will continue to travel to Scottsdale for better food, drink selection, service, and staff! (We miss you, Christian!)
