3C5Z9homtzkWHouH2BHXYQ Yes! The Taco Guild is a little bit in your pocket as far as price but let me tell you what you get!!! You are getting the most picturesque ambiance at lunch time in the middle of downtown Phoenix that you could not get anywhere else. Here, let me set it this up for you. Picture the beautiful sleepy coastal city of Ensenada with its perfect beaches and small town vibe. You wander the streets in search of what others have come to know as the best taco's this side of the California Peninsula otherwise known as "The Cinderella of the Pacific" and you approach what looks to be like a church. You get closer and notice a visible line outside the door adorned with the letter "G" and you ask yourself "What kind of Church could this be"? The crowd standing in front of you whispers of a gourmet taco obviously sent from the TACO GODS (probably best that this special place is located in a refurbished church) and you wonder if you have stumbled upon a real live FIND. Not just any kind of gem its the kind of gem found by the best archaeologist  kind of gem like  Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade kind of gem. A gem for the books. Once inside this remarkable edifice you are seated immediately that's right no wait time and If you remember earlier in the review I mean novel I mentioned there was a visible line in front of the door! We sit and order a frozen margarita and while we take in the breathtaking art and stain glass windows our drinks arrive. The menu isn't remarkable and not very extensive but when you know you have a good product you don't need 3-4 pages you just need one really good page. There's something to be said about a little simplicity. He ordered the famous Yukatan Shrimp Tacos , Barracho Red Beans topped with Cojita cheese (Awesome). I decided to try something different and normally my good sense would have stopped me from making the "lets see if this taste good" mistake but in this case with what I had already seen I WASN'T SCARED!! So I ordered the Chipotle Cherry Steak poblano straws, Chile aioli, blue chees tacos, Barracho Red Beans and the famous ELOTE corn. When they call the tacos "New World Tacos" that is exactly what you are stepping into a NEW WORLD... These tacos were a beautiful delight and I couldn't eat them fast enough. So much so I couldn't eat my corn because I was already full . Our waitress was awesome she had our food to us so quickly and asked along with other TACO GUILD personnel if we were satisfied or needed anything ... Of course we were fully full, happy and content. Excited to tell you, yes you that the TACO GUILD is a win. Run don't walk to the BEST STREET TACO you are ever going to get.
Please excuse any grammatical errors : )
