3C5Z9homtzkWHouH2BHXYQ I love Mexican food. I love architecture. I love tacos. I love creative uses in re-purposing cool old architecture. Taco Guild, you have impressed me when it comes to my aforementioned passions. Could your tacos be a bit more flavorful and offer some spicier options? Yes. Could your use of an old mission as your restaurant contribute to a loud dining experience? I know so.

Nevertheless, one does not simply visit Taco Guild and forget the experience. It is definitely one-of-a-kind. I was stunned by the beauty of the interior; they did an amazing job with the space, even re-using pews as benches along the walls, and incorporating beautiful stained glass. I totally dig the fact that this piece of land was purchased for $30 back in the late 19th century and was used to build this church!

A "guild" is the name here to signify that they are expertly passionate about tacos, tequilas, and using farm-fresh ingredients from local farmers in their food whenever possible. There's a righteous amount of fresh-made guacamole options, for about $8. I highly recommend the Grilled Serrano variety to add some smoky pepper love to your guac!

As far as the main attraction, the tacos, let's get real. They're authentic when it comes to size, preparation, and griddling of the corn tortillas. Some people have mentioned, and I agree, that there isn't nearly enough spice or flavor as expected with some of the preparations, but I suppose now that you, dear reader, know this in advance of visiting, that you can ask for extra spice. Tacos can be ordered individually, priced from $3.95 to $4.95, and served on your choice of house-made corn tortillas, flour tortillas, or lettuce cups. If it behooves you, you gotta go for the corn tortillas here.

If you're feeling extra frugal as well as hungry, order yourself the Taco Plate, where you can elect tacos, and earn yourself a free side item. Not into tacos? What's wrong with you? Just kidding, they have build-your-own burritos as well as a small salad menu, but I only saw tacos, sides, and guac orders at every table, so clearly this is why people come here.

Speaking from personal experience, the al pastor pork taco, the molida lamb taco, and the Thai snapper taco were each rad in their own right. I would like the chance to try all of the taco varieties here, with maybe some extra something-something picante! Regardless, the prices are right, the service is good, and the atmosphere is unique and awesome.

Oh, and the tequila selection? HUGE. I didn't have the opportunity to imbibe, but the tequila/margarita list looked impressive!
