wnyMhlR5KCWkTCzQ1_gOUQ My friend and I tried Mi Pueblo for lunch yesterday after I read a lot of a good reviews and the experience was just OK. The location itself is off of Lorain in kind of an empty area. As soon as you walk in, you smell the amazing aroma of fresh sizzling fajitas coming off the stove. They give you two salsas (a green tomatillo one and a red one - both spicy and both delicious). The chips are warmed (don't taste completely fresh) but are still pretty good!

When we first sat down, they were fast in giving us chips and salsa and getting our drink orders in. However, the service slowly began to decline. We requested more salsa and the girl said sure and began wiping down tables, pairing silverware, etc before another party came in. Then she finally grabbed their chips and salsa and extra salsa for us. We decided after we ordered that we wanted queso, so we asked one of the girls who said "cheese dip? sure" and walked away. A few seconds later, another person came by and said they don't serve any. Looking back at the menu, they don't - but a) why were we told sure to begin with then and b) i've NEVER heard of a mexican joint not having queso??? And finally, there were maybe 3 tables of customers there when we walked in and maybe 3 walked in after us. People who walked in after us and ordered well after us were getting their food. They had more people and it clearly would have taken more time to make theirs than ours so we were VERY confused as to why our food was taking so long. The waitresses didn't really make it a point to walk over to tables if they weren't taking orders or bringing food and they DEF didn't make eye contact so it's not like we could have asked them. Finally, one of the girls came by with drink refills and said our food will be out soon. 

I ordered the lunch portion of enchiladas rojas - one with peppers and onions and one with cheese. My friend ordered their chicken fajitas. From the look of my enchiladas I thought they made a mistake and poured mole sauce on them (not a fan), but after trying them, they were delicious with the rojas sauce - it was just super dark. My friend liked her fajitas as well. 

I was happy with the cost of my lunch portion - only a little over 7 dollars. My friend had the lunch fajitas and a diet coke and somehow her meal was 13 dollars, which she wasn't to impressed with. 

Overall, the pricing and food were pretty decent. But, the service was not. I probably won't go back mainly because there are other mexican places that I prefer, but if you are considering going, the food is definitely not bad. And, from reading other reviews, it seems the service is either really good or pretty lacking, so hopefully when you go they're doing a good job :)
