WOz66UuVsfc2K9GxzfDnGg After living in Sonora, Mexico for quite some time I developed quite the affinity for good carne asada tacos.  I find the inconsistencies among the many taquerias around valley frustrating.  I think after all these years, I have finally found my favorite carne asada in the valley.  

America's Taco Shop is a very cute local restaurant on a strip of 7th St. that has many more cute local restaurants.  Beyond that, it is a true carne asada taqueria.  The lack of authenticity only extends to the geographic location and overall atmosphere of the restaurant.  I can assure you, it ends there.  Being a first-generation Mexican-American, I have no problem whatsoever being served good carne asada (or any Mexican food for that matter) by a gringo, assuming said carne is up to my taste. 

And boy is it ever.  It brought me back to Bahia de Kino, sitting on the porch at La Pasadita, taking in the sea breeze, snacking on a radish after a few tacos.  The meat was tender and moist, held together well with the homemade salsa and excellent tortillas.  The only fault of this place was the premium paid over most local taquerias.  

A real, true carne asada shop has only that.  You've got to go to the right place to get the right stuff.  I can appreciate and respect a restaurant that is willing to bank on the quality of their product so much that it is all they offer.  The limited menu is a testament to their, and my, belief in America's family recipe.  

The expectation and desire for more serves only as evidence of our country's degradation.  We have become fat, lazy and unwilling to go the extra mile for something that we could at one time appreciate.  The idea that we should be able to get everything in one place is a glaring symbol of our wal-mart-oriented culture of instant gratification.  

The purpose of America's Taco Shop is to provide a place we can go to get one thing done right, not a collective of mediocrity.  When it can be appreciated as such, there is no need to expect more or be disappointed.
