Wzx5tF9-PaWfWSirdq8Ulg My family loves Cafe Rio. I have been to a dozen locations between AZ and UT many many times through many years. I can say without question this is by far the WORST location I have been to. 

I have eaten at this location many time, picked up to go and the company I work for has been catered several times. I keep coming back because my family doesn't give me much option as it is convenient. 

When dining in at this location you will notice that the place is filthy, from the chairs and tables to the floor and bathrooms, even the outside seating is bad. I always get concerned when an establishment that sells food lacks policies to maintain cleanliness, does this extend to personal hygiene? 

The staff are fine, no big issues here, seems like it is just run poorly overall - maybe managers are the issue? 

Most recently, today, we had a large order of food catered to the office. So many issues here. When you cater through Cafe Rio, it is done in a good way, you basically put together a purchase order for what you want. It seems like there would be little room for error here. Somehow this method is not working. Without fail, this location is late. Food is never ready on time. Ever. Additionally, despite the reminding them of issues in the past, they STILL forgot several items ordered. Today several of the dishes seemed cold (cheese in enchiladas were not melted, cold) and carelessly made (wraps seemed like they were made many hours earlier, not fresh) as well. Overall very disappointing. The past times we catered for the office, it was always the same issue. Repeatedly forgetting items and ALWAYS late. Additionally no effort is made to make restitution for the many errors. 

This food has so much potential. This could be a great location. But, presently, it is not. I would not expect our office will be ordering here any longer, and I hope my family will not force me to go on location either.

The queso is good though. But I assume that's hard to mess up.
