xWq3LQw8w4OIK-fSiGwNLg Fat Boy rocks!  I'm so happy they chose Henderson for their second location!  This fast/casual restaurant is well rounded, serving up some tasty BOYgers (burgers), BOYrittos (burritos) and pizza! There's something for everyone here! 

My first meal here was a combo.  Double Monster Cheese Boyger with bacon and steak fries, fried mushrooms and chocolate shake! Woo was that Boyger a beast! If you check out my pic, you'll see what I mean.

The beef patties are thick and a nice size, good quality meat and flavorful. The bun is slightly toasted as well.  Nice seasoned steak fries, and that chocolate shake, reminiscent of simple old fashion milkshakes.  

So this past month I've tried their pizza, wings, Pastrami Boyger, Philly Cheeseteak, Carne Asada Boyritto, Chorizo & Egg Boyritto, chicken fingers, chicken wings, chencho fries. Thumbs up on everything Ive tried.  The pizza is made the way I like it! Not drowned in sauce. I usually have to request light on red sauce everywhere I go, but not here. The pizza dough was thin and crisp both times I ordered it.

The prices for everything they charge here are super affordable!! You can probably feed a family of four for about thirty bucks.  I saw on the kids menu there's grilled cheese sandwich for $1!! Whoa!

Low prices, but high on quality!  Food is made to order, fresh, and hot. The burgers are not frozen patties. 

The dining area is simple and  made up of tables and cushy seats. The sign says maximum capacity 60 people. It's roomy and felt spacious enough with the windows visible to views of Black Mountain. 

What makes this restaurant extra special is the service and the family that runs FatBoy Restaurant. Abel and his family are awesome! They already have gotten to know the neighborhood, greeting their customers by name when they walk in. 

OH, and they know their customers by their orders too! The first time my son went there, he got his and Mr. B's order. My son said when the order was handed to the kitchen, Abel peered from behind and asked my son, is Mr. B your dad? ...ha ha...wow! Pretty impressive.

Location: for those coming out of the area, 215 Stephanie South, turn right on Horizon Ridge  Henderson locals, it's across from the post office. BAM ..that easy. The strip mall has plenty of parking and entrance and exits are easily accessible on Horizon Ridge.

Family friendly, affordable prices, and most of all tasty food will keep us coming back. Especially me. I still havent  covered half their menu. yet.
