XZbuPXdyA0ZtTu3AzqtQhg Mesa Grill is Chef Bobby Flay's restaurant for those who did not know this.  It is located inside of Caesars Palace.  I've watched Bobby Flay cook on TV and the food always looked good, so out of curiosity, I wanted to actually try out his food.  He tends to favor Southwestern and Cajun style dishes.  

My bf and I were immediately seated during lunch time.  The place was surprisingly not busy at all and there were many empty tables.  Our waitress came by and gave us menu and took our drink orders.  She was very attentive and knowledgeable.  She recommended the Tiger Shrimp + Roasted Garlic Corn Tamale, the Ancho Chile-Honey Glazed Salmon, and the Smoked Shrimp Taco.  She said that these were their best sellers.  After looking over Yelp for some recommendations, we decided to go with what the waitress recommended.

Next, she delivered bread and butter to the table.  There were three different kinds of breads and each one had a different flavor, but they were all pretty good.  Don't eat too much of it though otherwise you will be too full when the real meal comes.

When our Tiger Shrimp + Roasted Garlic Corn Tamale came, it was presented beautifully and had corn kernels and a tasty creamy cilantro sauce.  This dish was delicious and I liked how it was seasoned perfectly.  It wasn't bland and the flavoring was not overwhelming either.  It was just right.  The only downside for me was the price of the appetizer which was $19!  I thought that was pretty expensive for a fairly small portion.

The Smoked Shrimp Tacos came with red cabbage slaw, grilled tortillas, avocado, tomatillo & mango salsas.  My bf really enjoyed the tacos and thought they were delicious!  The dish only came with two tacos though and the dish was for $25.

My Ancho Chile-Honey Glazed Salmon came with a spicy black bean sauce, tomatillos, and a roasted jalapeno creama.  My salmon was cooked to perfection.  For someone who hates beans, the dish was very good and all of the ingredients went really well together.  This dish too was $25.

Overall, our service was excellent and our food was really good!  I would highly recommend trying out the dishes that we had ordered.  However, the prices of the food is kind of expensive for small portions.  If you have the funds to try Mesa Grill, I'd highly recommend it.  Maybe go play some slots and win big before coming here.
