XZbuPXdyA0ZtTu3AzqtQhg Note that when you make reservations they take your cc so they can charge you $50 a head if you ditch so try not to.  I wasn't quite sure what to expect coming here, but overall it was a decent meal at a place where you're paying extra for the star power of Mr. Bobby Flay.  All sides come separately, but is usually enough to share if you want to get a few sides to share among friends.

The decor was interesting.  Lots of  bright colors and had flames all over.  The selection of drinks had a great list of tequilas to choose from.  The cuisine is Bobby Flay's famous TexMex Style.

Random note: no hats haha, I was told to take mine off.  I know it's Vegas so don't count on a hat to hide the fact that you were too lazy to spend 5 mins on your hair just because you were up till 6 am the night before.

Service was decent and friendly.  They told us our table would be ready near reservation time (8:15).  Our table was not.  Haha we waited about another 30 mins.  To be fair the place was pretty packed.

The food!
Bone-In Ribeye:
Well cooked piece of meat.  The server will tell you the house recommends Medium unless you want your steak mooing near the bone (not quite in those words).  It's a big piece of meat.  You will probably be full haha.  My friend was getting meat sweats eating the thing!  I didn't feel that the random toppings and sauces that gave it the TexMex theme were necessary.

Tuna "Nachos":
Appetizer dish.  Blue corn and Potato? Chips to handle what was basically some rough cut tuna tartar.  The tuna had some mango habanero sauce on the plate that was quite good.  The tuna itself was good, but seemed a bit bland to me.  The potato chip was flaky and seemed to be created by pressing multiple layers together.

Spinach:
Side dish.  Pretty standard sauteed spinach.

Garlic Tamale:
Small Tamale with a big pat of garlic butter in the center.  Again, good, but not amazing.  Also I was getting so full from the steak it was hard to finish off the tamale.

Overall, it's not a bad place, but with the gluttony of food in Vegas, I think you can probably do better.  Especially if all you're looking for is a good steak.
