XZbuPXdyA0ZtTu3AzqtQhg I have been passing by this restaurant evertime I go to Ceasar's Palace in Las Vegas and we usually use this hotel for accomodation. Mesa Grill is close to the food court and close to the Casino, It is one of those restaurants that have been there for a long time and really made it's mark. For some reason thou, I would always pass by Mesa Grill, look at the menu and move along. To be honest, if you just go with what the Menu says it would not wake up your taste buds, the items listed are so simple and sounds..ehhh. 

But time and time again I would always wish I have tried Flay's restaurant when I get back to L.A., especially since I am an avid cooking channel watcher and self claimed foodie. This weekend, me and the wife had a quick getaway and I made it a point to get a table in Mesa Grill, with very high expectations, since I just saw him kick ass in the Kitchen Stadium and throwdowns....I AM GLAD I FINALLY WENT!

Looking at the Menu outside, I decided to start off with  some Tiger Shrimp w/ Roasted Tamale and the wife got Blue Corn Pancake, both tasted wonderful and they really set the mood for the mains. Although browsing the menu, nothing really looked exciting to me, luckily I saw some tenderloins, (the bourbon got me) and I went with it. The wife wanted some fish but all they have that night are scallops and a Cioppino, both were not her likings so she decided on a Filet Mignon, medium rare, and we got some spicy sweet potatos on the side.

Let me tell you that the first bite of the Tenderloin, Mesa Grill had me... the meat was soft, very tender, the spices are there and you can really taste them but does not overpower the meat. It was delightful. The wife's filet is holding it's own on the taste department, the rub and the mushrooms are something to behold.  Somehow the star of that meal is the spicy sweet potato, the way it was prepared is something that I have not seen nor tasted before. the potatoes are cut in a rectanglein thin sheets and piled high instead of mashed. The texture of the potato changed and the spices are unbelievable, something to taste to believe. Bobby did not dissapoint at all with this restaurant and I will continue to cheer on him on TV or up until I come back to one of his restaurant.
