XZbuPXdyA0ZtTu3AzqtQhg The only reason this place gets business is because it is a Bobby Flay restaurant.  I was not impressed with the food at all.  

I had a prickly cactus margarita (it was a delicious reddish pink color and was amazing) and Hubs tried a mezcal (which is like tequila but isn't).  For starters, we went with the server's recommendation. She said it is the most "popular" appetizer - Tiger Shrimp with Roasted Garlic Corn Tamale and cilantro sauce.  This was SMALL.  There were four medium sized (I think they were smaller than they should have been) shrimp with a tamale on the side. It really looked like the tamale was the main part of the dish and the shrimp were the side garnish.  There was nothing special about the shrimp. They looked like four cooked and peeled shrimp. I was pretty disappointed.

For the mains, Hubs had the rabbit  - Cascabel Chile Crusted Rabbit with toasted chile cous cous, almonds, currants in a smoked red pepper sauce and I had the Halibut with green chile curry sauce and corn and cactus salsa. Originally, this was supposed to be Wild Stripe Bass, but there were some weather issues back East so they didn't get their fish shipment in that day.

My halibut was good. Nice crunch on the top of the fish and the green chile curry sauce was mild.  I liked it. It was a huge portion of fish.  Hubs' rabbit was just ok - most people don't like the gamey flavor of rabbit, but that is what the rabbit lacked. It tasted more like chicken than rabbit.  

For dessert, we had the banana cream pie.  It was pretty light and a good way to end the meal.

The service was ok. At first, the server was very attentive and quick but after we got our appetizers, she was quite slow. Having experience in the food industry, I did notice that her section filled up quickly and she had small tables like us but also parties of 6 or more. She was friendly enough though.

I believe there are better Mexican restaurants in Vegas.  Mesa Grill is known for grilling so maybe the steaks are better?
