XZbuPXdyA0ZtTu3AzqtQhg Dear Bobby,
I have been a very long-time fan of yours and I have long anticipated eating at one of your restaurants. I was thrilled to get the chance to eat at your place in Caesar's Palace. While I enjoyed very much the cactus pear margarita and the goat cheese queso fundido, I was very disappointed by our server as well as the quality of the Mesa Burger my husband and I shared. 
Let me start with our server. If his presentation style was anymore negative about what WASN'T available on the menu that afternoon, we might have left had we not really wanted to try your food and been as hungry as we were. It's one thing to be out of something but it was the WAY he said it. "Just so you know and don't get your heart set on it, we are OUT of the ribs. They aren't that good anyway" was how it was presented. Hmmm. Not good. He then described the Tuna "Nachos" as being more Tuna tar-tar with a side of tortilla chips and said "unless you like raw tuna, this isn't for you". Um...ok. You get the point. This guy clearly needed some training. And I won't throw him under the bus and name him here but email me if you want to know more.
As for the burger. I'll go back to our server....we ordered the burger to share and ordered it medium well. He repeated it back to us, medium well and confirmed we wanted to split the order. When the burger arrived, it was all on one plate. I figured he didn't tell the expediter or just didn't note it on the order. We wait a couple minutes and he finally appears with 2 plates and a knife for us to split the burger ourselves. Um...ok. I cut into the burger and it is rare. Ok, rare is an understatement. It was raw. Blood raw. Definitely NOT medium well like we ordered and he confirmed. So we had to flag down a waiter as ours had conveniently disappeared. He came back and said that we had told him medium rare. Um...no we didn't. We never eat anything rare and he had repeated back to us what we wanted which is why I knew he knew what we ordered and just wanted to put it on us. So a new burger came a few minutes later and while that wasn't medium well either, it was a lot better than the raw that we got initially. Unfortunately, your chefs feel the need to ridiculously overseason the burgers to the point where you can hardly taste the burger itself. And the fries? Ugh. An over-seasoned, over fried mess. There was a coating on the fries that totally took away from the potato flavor of the fries. 
Quite honestly, this first visit to one of your restaurants was a huge disappointment. I expect more from someone of your caliber and while you didn't cook any of this yourself, this was a representation of your brand. I don't know if that is fair or not, but I guess if you are going to put yourself in the position of being on a pedestal by being on television, you need to hold those who are running your brand to a higher standard. If this is what your restaurants are putting out, I think that you need to spend less time at Food Network and MORE time in your restaurants.  Please read my review on Holsteins and visit their restaurant to see how to really get things done. 
Thanks for reading this and I hope you will take it to heart....even though I figure you'll probably never see this and those who really should see it won't really do anything about it. Good luck...
