XZbuPXdyA0ZtTu3AzqtQhg Been here a few times now, here's a complete rewrite...

We've been here for food a few times and just drinks several more times. The service has been amazing and poor. The food is good to great, the margaritas are excellent.

First the drinks, they really know margaritas. I don't think their "Mesa Margarita" is good but not great. It's a good start that runs slightly sweet without being the typical "punch-style" margarita. With the Especial Margarita, you call the tequila and pick one of three orange liqueurs. If you've got a favorite tequila in mind you want this.  Finally, they have the Partida. It's served straight up in a martini glass. But you can get it in a bucket if you prefer. Because there's no ice, it's going to look small. Don't slam this drink. Enjoy it!  Some people think it's too sour, I think it's an amazing drink. 

On our first visit a few years ago, lunch was average. The food was good but the various odd plate shapes actually made eating a bit awkward, maybe we were just tired after the flight. Recently, four of us had dinner and it was probably one of the best service experiences any of us has  ever had in a restaurant. At the start, the wine sommelier switched gears into a beer and tequila expert without missing a beat. I'm pretty sure this isn't his job, but he stepped up and took our entire drink order. We were being pretty picky about what we wanted (me about the margaritas and another guy about beer and tequila combinations), he accommodated everything, offered great alternatives when they didn't stock what we asked for and never made us feel like we were too demanding (we probably were). Our whole party clicked with the waitress. She played along well with our "we're going to be here a while, drink and eat a bunch, we might be a pain in the ass, and we'll tip well for it" vibe. Seriously the best service I can remember in a restaurant. For food, two of us has the chile relleno (it's really stuffed eggplant), my wife thought her chicken was good, but my pork tenderloin was the winner at the table. I'll order that again and again.

About the poor service...
On a different night, we went for appetizers after 10pm. Our waitress seemed uninterested and annoyed from the time she walked up. During our stay, we saw her engaging with other tables for long periods of time, but she never checked on us. Maybe we did something early to set her off, maybe four appetizers plus drinks didn't impress her. The busboy made up for it though, we nominated him as our server and just decided to ask him for everything we wanted, tipping him in cash when we left. We did leave a small tip for the waitress, the food was fine, nothing went wrong, but it was pretty clear she didn't want to deal with us.
