XZbuPXdyA0ZtTu3AzqtQhg Mesa Grill is definitely a restaurant you need to experience in Las Vegas. This Bobby Flay restaurant is located inside of Caesars Palace. The Restaurant seating is an open spaced floor plan and has  a nice warm Southwestern feel. We came here during Restaurant Week so  I was hesitant on how long the wait would be. To my surprise we got seated right away! Instantly I was pleased as I am not a very patient person when it comes to waiting for a seat. 

My first dish I tried was the New Mexican Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin with a Bourbon and Ancho Chile Sauce and a Sweet Potato Tamale with Crushed Pecan Butter. All I can say is Heaven. It was amazing. I am always nervous to try pork dishes as it is my favorite type of meat and I hold it to a very high standard. This was the best pork dish I have ever had. Tender, juicy and the mix of spices took me on a wild tasty ride! 

The next dish I tried was the Tiger Shrimp Roasted Garlic Corn Tamale with Corn in a Cilantro Sauce. Oh my goodness. I was blown away! The mix of the sweet corn, butter and cilantro sauce was paired so nicely with the shrimp that I ate the whole thing! I couldn't put the fork down it was just too delicious.  The shrimp was huge and the portion of this dish was perfect! I would have never paired shrimp with corn before but am looking forward to finding a way to make this recipe at home.

Another dish I recommend is the Ancho Chile Honey Glazed Salmon with Spicy Black Bean Sauce and Roasted Jalapeño Crema. I was hesitant to order something with black bean sauce as I have never heard of anything like that before. I am glad I took the jump and tried something new! I was totally impressed with the flavors from the jalapeño crema, the salmon and the black bean sauce.

I had such a great experience my first time at Mesa Grill that I have been back numerous times since. When you visit Las Vegas make sure to make Mesa Grill a priority on your "to do" list. You will not be disappointed, I guarantee it!

See my full review here: http://corkedandporked.com/2015/03/23/bobby-flays-las-vegas-restaurant-mesa-grill/
