XZbuPXdyA0ZtTu3AzqtQhg ***Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill showcases several good starters and entrees with generous portions, but the menu hardly changes; it is good option if you have never been, but if you have been to Mesa Grill, a return visit might leave you disappointed with the restaurant lacking the ambition to challenge itself and try new things (you cannot really blame the restaurant though given its popularity as well as customers' satisfaction with Mesa Grill's signature dishes)***

I have been to Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill a few times and it consistently delivers tasty and well prepared food.  Unfortunately, the menu also just seems to never change.  That is the case with a lot of Las Vegas restaurants (for example, Picasso's tasting menu features two courses that have been there forever).  Still, almost the entire menu at Mesa Grill has remained the same since my first visit a long time ago.

The familiar menu has pros and cons.  What it has going for it is that a lot of the dishes are tried and true.  In addition, most guests come to Las Vegas rarely and would likely only dine at Mesa Grill once so the limited changes in the menu would not impact most customers.  On the other hand, the menu feels a tad dated; Mesa Grill does not really capitalize on the latest trends, progression in cooking techniques and popular protein cuts and produce.

I started with their tiger shrimp with roasted garlic corn tamale.  It is a popular dish and for good reason.  The tamale was hearty and had a tasty and moist cornbread-like texture.  The shrimp was good and plump and the cilantro sauce was also nice though I personally would have preferred it to be spicier.

For my entree, I went with their New Mexican spice rubbed pork tenderloin, which was served with a bourbon and ancho chile sauce and a sweet potato tamale with crushed pecan butter.  Unlike the shrimp and corn tamale, this entree was incredibly spicy.  The pork had a rub that had a lot of heat (the sauce had some heat too).  There was nothing really there to cut the heat so it was the kind of dish you get tired and bored of eating (and may struggle to finish).

The pork tenderloin (a very underappreciated cut) was cooked very nicely here.  The pork was tender and had a good amount of moisture, which is rare given the limited amount of fat with this cut.  The sweet potato tamale had a noticeable sweet potato flavor, but it lacked the more tamale-like texture of the corn tamale from my starter.

My dessert was a sticky chocolate cake.  It was very similar to Mesa Grill's previous sticky toffee pudding.  The cake had a similar glaze too--warm and a mix of salty and sweet.  The cake itself was not that great--a standard grocery store-like cake (similar ordinary chocolate flavor and similar texture as what you would get at a Ralphs or Vons).  There was also just too much cake especially given that the ice cream was an almost ridiculously small portion.

Service was fine.  The staff was pleasant and the food came out at a quick pace.  I felt the staff could have been more attentive.

Prices are actually not that bad at Mesa Grill.  Prices are very high, but that is common with most Las Vegas restaurants.  At least, they serve very substantial portions and the quality of ingredients is good.

The dining room is contemporary and showcases an open kitchen.  It is a very comfortable dining room.  Unfortunately, the restaurant is not completely closed in by glass as it may appear.  There are quite a few open areas where the large glass panes do not meet.  Given the proximity to the casino slot machines, cigarette smoke does waft in, which might create an undesirable dining experience if you are too close to the restaurant's outside wall.

There are definitely some good (and even great) things about Mesa Grill.  They have a few delicious items on their menu and most of the food is well prepared.  If you have never been to Mesa Grill, it is worth a visit; the restaurant also feels more worth the money than other celebrity chef backed restaurants in Las Vegas.  If you have been already though, Mesa Grill is not as exciting; the menu does not change much so it does kind of feel like the kitchen is really just going through the motions.

Mesa Grill is located in Caesars Palace.  Like most major hotels and casinos on The Strip, Caesars Palace offers both complimentary self and valet parking.
