xZtKQ6AFLh9P7rfmjvVjhw In my first visit to the new location, the food was as good as I remembered from a too-long ago visit to the tiny and now closed 7th Ave location.  I was hungry and pleasantly surprised at how both tasty and filling was but a single bowl of the hearty beef stew and a plain fry bread ($8). The fry bread was fresh and warm, lightly oily, easy to tear into strips, and delicious, with a light, tender texture.  It's walk-up counter order & pay.  Staff then delivers your food on plastic tray, and clears your table after.  The hodge-podge of different style tables, chairs, and booths left over from the location's former occupant, "Pancho's", fills the dining room.  Nothing fancy but it works okay. 
  
Off the main dining room a sign designates the attached room "Indian Market" and invites the guest to purchase direct from Native American artists. Inside, two Native American women and the daughter of one displayed their jewelry of turquoise, silver, and more on a couple folding tables under too-dim lighting in this, the old Pancho's Mexican Buffet on the south side of Indian School across from Panda Express - and just diagonally across and down the street from "the other" well-known fry bread place in town.  I hope the proximity of the two locations is not too damaging to either

It occurred to me that given the size of this place, that with time this could become a happening restaurant and Native American gallery/cultural center. Before that could happen however, there's some  sprucing up to do.  It's an old building that shows considerable wear, and the restaurant was not as clean as it should have been on this occasion: my arm stuck to the first table I sat at, one men's room stall was without TP, and the other had mounds of it on the floor (though was otherwise reasonably neat and clean). To their credit,  the sticky table was cleaned immediately on bringing it the attention of the young woman at the counter.  She also said she would alert someone to the mess of paper on the floor of the larger stall and explained they were having trouble with the ancient toilet paper dispensers unraveling paper to the floor.  
Four stars for the food and the pleasant and competent woman at the counter. She was also both friendly and competent in taking orders, answering questions about the food, and running the register.  Minus one star for what I hope are temporary less-than optimal conditions, but the food was very good and I'll be back.
