Y_9f9tzVRaXjfT9Fa5_W9A Lord have mercy.. Took a chance/tried something new: What a mistake! Walked into "Ubarferrito" for the 1st time & prayed for the best, but I was highly disappointed & left just as hungry as I was when I walked in. I liken this experience to paying all this money to see Beyonce & walking into this gorgeous amphitheatre, but then the curtain goes up & instead of seeing Beyonce it ends up being some random broad that Simon kicked off Season 1 of American Idol.. At first you see all these ingredients & it looks like a winner, but once you get done waiting for your burrito you realize that it's all for show. Interesting to see certain people on here bragging about how the "owner" handed them coupons during their visit & asked them how their meal was: This DEFINITELY didn't happen during my visit, as the supposed "owner" was instead socializing with one random person & too busy being anti-social with everyone else. HMM, maybe you have to fit a certain "demographic" in order to get the "white glove" service here? Who knows, but read on to see why I couldn't care less at this point.

For starters, the portion sizes they give you are absolutely pathetic.. I ordered a shrimp burrito, a side of guacamole & a regular drink.. As another Yelp user noted, the sour cream is in a freaking BOTTLE (wtf, seriously?) & by the time I got to that part of the line the girl literally had to squeeze it like a damn toothpaste pouch just to get a halfway decent amount of sour cream into my burrito (an amount that STILL wasn't even remotely close to the amount I wanted).. As I asked for the side of guacamole, they acted as if they were unsure whether or not a customer was actually allowed to get guacamole on the side (even though the idiots have the cups for it sitting right there next to the container that holds the guacamole), and once one girl finally convinced another that I was allowed to get my guac on the side (after telling her that they would be charging me extra for it), the amount they finally gave me didn't even fill the cup they placed it in (there was LITERALLY space on all 4 sides of the amount of guac they put in there).. Mind you, you're already on the "stingy" side of things when you get something on the side as the cups for "sides" aren't even 4oz (aka- the size of the "side" cups at Chipotle [which ALWAYS get filled to the top every time I visit]): The "side" cups at "Ubarferrito" seriously aren't even 2oz. Should have walked out once I saw that, but I decided to hang on in there since I was soo hungry. I got my drink cup, paid, took a number & grabbed a table only to come across yet another disappointment.

I ONLY ordered a drink once I saw that lemonade was one of the options (all the other options are carbonated or caffeinated, neither of which I will drink)... As luck would have it, I got up to the drink machine & came to learn that the ONE drink I wanted was out, & instead of receiving a cup full of lemonade (from the spout that is CLEARLY labeled "lemonade") I received a cup full of plain old WATER.. Yeah, they fixed it after I got back up & waited for several more people to order so I could tell the cashier, but by then I was already turned off... "Let's just hope the burrito is good" I said to myself.. Surprise, surprise, yet ANOTHER disappointment!!

I was thinking the burrito would be delicious & fresh, since they literally make you wait for them to grill the shrimp. Well this random/sloppy guy who was behind the counter (presumably the "owner") walks up with my tray, sits it on my table, takes my number off the table, says absolutely nothing & walks off.. Terrible experience up to this point, but by now i'm starving, so I dig in.. The burrito was salty, bland, totally lacking in any depth of flavor whatsoever (with truly pathetic portions across the board [especially as far as the shrimp]), & the guacamole was the worst I think I have EVER had (which says alot, as i'm definitely not the best cook but can say that even MY guacamole puts that crap to shame).. Just a total disappointment, probably greater than ANY other disappointment I have EVER had as far as the food spots in this area.

The cashier was snobby (as was the person who brought my tray over), the service was lacking altogether & the food quality/portion was a joke. The TRUTH: I expect so much more, especially when i'm spending $13 of my hard-earned cash on this disgusting crap that you just gave me. Wish I could get my money back, but lesson learned. BOTTOM LINE: STICK WITH WHAT YOU KNOW (especially when hungry). Yeah, I might pay close to the same amount at Chipotle, but i'm OK with that when I know i'm getting better service/portions & MUCH better flavor/quality (since the entire goal is to walk out of there FULL). Good luck to the folks who are stupid enough to read this review yet still subject themselves to this overpriced/overrated trash (& may GOD forgive those who have the NERVE to come on here & claim "It's Chipotle" in their review).
