YauBkH-HEx148jC0pv4Hcg Nice to see that some things never change.

A friend and I decided to try Richardson's last night after a late meeting since they are open late. We started at Sierra Bonita Grille but they close at 9pm on Monday nights and actually referred us to Richardson's.

So we arrived at Richardson's at 9:30pm. Where the hell is the door into the place?!? There were 4 people at the bar. No sign whether we seat ourselves. Finally we got the bartender's attention and he told us to sit anywhere and that yes, the kitchen was open.

We sat in a booth. A busboy brought us water. And then we waited....and waited...and waited...and joked about them being soooo busy that no one could help us. Finally, a tall, jet-black haired waitress with a nose piercing that looked like a giant booger hanging in her nostril came to the table. She was a bitch with an attitude and acted extremely annoyed to have to wait on us or answer a single simple question about the appetizer. Again...a bitch. We almost walked at that point.

We ordered a draft beer, a glass of reisling, and their whole garlic appetizer that comes with toast points. And then we waited....waited....waited. We never saw the waitress again and the bartender stepped in and waited on us the rest of the night. The food and drinks arrived. All were good. Loved the appetizer.

The bill then came. $32 for a glass of cheap wine, a draft beer and an appetizer of a head of roasted garlic, some melted cheese and toast points. Good God. And, let me mention that the air was heavy HEAVY with smoke from the kitchen. We both walked out smelling so strongly of smoke that I showered when I got home to get the smell out of my hair.

So....congratulations Richardsons! Even with the change in location you have obviously worked hard to cement your reputation of having the biggest assholes for wait staff. That must take some doing and I applaud your consistency over the years. 

We will never, ever step foot into Richardson's again. There are far too many better restaurants in Phoenix who actually give a shit that you are there. Can't wait to tell everyone I know, and I'm in public relations, to stay the hell away from this place.
