YauBkH-HEx148jC0pv4Hcg This is going to be in a weird order, so sorry.

First I want to say that this is a beautiful restaurant. In fact it is one of the most beautiful restaurants I can remember going to in the recent past. The neighborhood and the very exterior are Meh, but as soon as you walk through the gate, just gorgeous. Even though I can't recommend it, it seems like a great place to sit outside at during the nicer months. The inside is nicely decorated, dark and cozy. Place is fancyish.

If you like wine and drinking, and excellent food or great service isn't really high on your list of priorities for a dining establishment, I would recommend this place to bring a date. It's nice and dark, and if my experience is representative of their service, you'll have plenty of time to chat with your date uninterrupted.

Unfortunately for me, I don't have a lot of game, so I go ahead and eat at most restaurants I go to, since that is what they are there for. I want very badly to find a New Mexican restaurant I like on my side of town, and today this was the place. 

I may have made a mistake by doing so, but I sat outside for a minute and read a few of the yelp reviews beforehand. What I was looking for was an idea of a great dish, what I found was a few too many mentions of poor service. 

Some of the reviews mentioned condescension and patronizing responses, but I might have preferred that. I got a lack of attention as well as lack of friendliness/helpfulness. The onus should be on the server to get a dialogue going and get some rapport built. It would take minimal effort. 

As far as the food, this place is a step above your normal family restaurant price-wise, so if they are justifying the prices on the food, I just could not see it. It was decent, but not "OMG this is great New Mexican food!" If you value your money and would be upset by wasting it, my advice would be to try it on your own before taking the financial bath of bringing your family. 

There are plenty of decent Mexican places around far more reasonably priced, and this place just didn't justify the cost. 

My search continues. I don't think I'll be back to Richardson's any time soon. Not worth it. Sad.
