yo8yB3hdqvbvj8huzXpKWQ Good reviews here on Yelp. Nice pictures of the chow here on Yelp. I'm a little torn about this place because it had such a high star rating here and I'm not sure if the bar was set too high or if the whole experience fell below the bar I had put in place? First thing I noticed was that it was an all Hispanic male crew, from the greeter to the server and cooks. The service was outstanding. Friendly, fast, efficient, my coffee cup never emptied. The chow on the other hand is where it gets a little tricky for me.

My son ordered a breakfast sandwich, and that was definetly the best thing that we had for breakfast. Plain and simple sandwich of eggs, ham and cheese on sourdough, 10x better than the Moons over My Hammy from Danny's. Bread was buttered, toasty and tasty! I had a sausage scramble with pepper jack cheese, but was a little disappointed that it was a slice of pepper jack melted on right in the middle of the scramble. I would have liked it to be shredded, spreaded and melted all over my eggs. Pancakes that came with it were delicious! Hash browns, not so much. Nicely shredded, but not crispy enough for my preference. The bacon and sausage on the side were perfectly executed though! : ) 

My daughter had French toast and it was French toast. The "worst" part of what we all ordered was my wife's juevos rancheros. I didn't get to taste them so I can't really say anything other than what she told me. Most of the time, juevos rancheros will come with pork chile verde, but these did not. According to my wife, the sauce over the juevos rancheros tasted canned, and the cheese tasted like imitation cheese. I can never confirm nor deny this to be true, BUT, I noticed that the ketchup had an odd flavor, and perhaps this is because it was of a not so great off brand. I think that that saving grace of this place, was the breakfast sandwich. I know there has to be other things that are better, so for this reason, plus the kick ass service, I'd come back again to try something different.
