Yp9w4nhUowBU_IS_StFXbQ For starters, the food here is very good. There are some hiccups in the operations however that left us feeling frustrated.

As Tower Suite guests, we were told upon check-in that our complimentary breakfasts would be at Tableau. We were shown where it was and given the hours.

The first morning there, we had a lovely experience. We were seated immediately, and our server was wonderful. She even helped direct us on where to go to reserve a pool cabana for the day. 

We were given the menus specifically for Tower Suite guests. We couldn't choose from the entire menu for our breakfast, but the menu they provided was still great. I went with the Garden Frittata and it was delicious. Husband went with a salmon bagel. Based on Day 1, our experience would have been 5 stars.

Morning 2, a Wednesday, we came down. The restaurant was a little busier than the day before, but there was still lots of seating. Maria at the hostess table told us it would be a 45 minute wait for a table without a reservation. Rewind to our check-in, no one told us to make reservations. They told us to just head on down between the specified hours. Marcelo told them that we are tower suite guests, and we were then offered a table outside. Fine! After the lecture on reservations, we made a reservation for the following morning at 9:15 am, just to avoid any issue.

We were seated outside were we had our choice between quite a few tables. I naturally grabbed one in the shade. Again, the food was great. I went with whole wheat pancakes with a side of veggie sausage. Marcelo had the acai, and as a Brasilian, he confirmed that it's a good one. No complaints on food.

At the end of the meal, their computers went down so we had to wait awhile for our receipt. They all had to be handwritten by the manager. It finally arrived, and we were on our way.

Day 3! We head on down at 9:10 for our 9:15 reservation! The young girl at the front desk can't find it. She says it was never put in. We stressed that we made it the day before with Maria after the whole ordeal. We sat outside and waited about 10-15 minutes for a table.

Once seated, we were handed the full menus. We asked for the menus that guests of the tower get, the ones we were given the previous 2 days. Our waitress told us she had to check on our reservation. She came back and said that the front desk told her that our complimentary breakfasts were at the buffet. News to us!!! We told her that the front desk told us it was HERE, and that it wasn't a problem the previous two days. She was a little uncomfortable and clearly didn't know what to say or do. We just ordered from the full menus.

It was a really frustrating experience. We came to the Wynn to spend money and be treated well. We did everything we were told to do, and things still went wrong. Plus, who we see and how we are treated at breakfast set the tone for the whole day! After going back and forth with our server this morning that we were in the correct place and have her not even try to do any problem solving, we sat in frustrated silence while waiting for our food to arrive. We concluded that we should have stayed at the Cosmo instead. We came to spend 4 days before this baby comes out of me, so we were looking to spend a lot of money (which we did) and have fun. It just sucks to be treated poorly, knowing how much money we pumped into the building the last 4 days. We definitely felt like if you're young with money, this isn't the place for you.
