Yp9w4nhUowBU_IS_StFXbQ We went to Tableau for brunch with our Bachelorette to treat her to what we thought would be a nice time.  Instead, we encountered the worst service of my entire life.  

I'm not complaining about the food at all.  In fact, the food was delicious.  We ordered the tomato bisque, the eggs benedict, dungeness crab club sandwich, yellowfin tuna tartare, huckleberry buttermilk pancakes, and scrambled eggs w duck puff pastry. Their cocktails were super yummy, too.  

But is a restaurant really great only for their food?  Are we paying only for the meal?  NO.  We're paying for great service, too.  I cannot believe how bad the service was, and how it progressively got worse throughout our meal.  The first thing that went wrong was our server didn't take our order until about 30 minutes after we were seated.  The second thing that went wrong was that the complimentary bread that came out (in super cute little pots) was COLD.  Then the waitress forgot about our cocktails and we had to remind her to bring them.  To make matters worse, she decided to tell us some ridiculous story about how the bartender had to go the cellar to get wine and that's why the drinks were late.  

And here we get to the worst part of the meal.  Our check.  First of all, when the waitress handed us the check, she told us that a 18% gratuity had been added because our party was larger than 7.  Of course, this we expected, but when we looked at the bill, they had NOT added the gratuity.  We told her so, and she adjusted the bill to reflect that.  Then, the Bachelorette in our party told us that she had given her credit card to the hostess (on a fake restroom run), and that the bill should have been taken care of.  We asked our waitress for the credit card, and that we would be paying for the meal.  However, they could not locate the credit card.  It took them a good 30 minutes for them to track it down.  HOW RIDICULOUS WAS THAT?!  The entire time, we're just waiting and waiting, and it was FREEZING outdoors.  No offer for blankets, no one in upper management to come out and apologize to us.  I don't understand how an upscale restaurant in a nicer hotel on the Strip could be THIS BAD.

At this point, I'm just venting, so I'm just going to end this review here.

I WOULD NEVER EVER EVER go back to Tableau.  I would NEVER recommend it to ANYONE.  You can get good food elsewhere.  Seriously.  Don't go here.  It's not worth it.  I created a Yelp account JUST TO REVIEW THIS RESTAURANT because it was so horrible.
