409qhf4RF0rlxcuaM576Qg The food at this location is really good, it's better than any other in Vegas. That's why I came back. I would have given 5 if the service wasn't horrible. 

I are el pollo loco thru 2 pregnancies lol. I know a good one from a bad one.  The food here is good. 

The service on the other hand stinks. yes, that's the only word I can use to describe it that isn't inappropriate lol. The first time we came here they were rude in the drive thru and not so much at the window. The salads were really fresh tho and the food was yummy. 

Tonight, when I ordered the girl was kinda rude but, not too much. I know they were really busy and I understand that. I've been in the service industry since childhood ( my parents made us all work). Anyway, age hands me my drink, takes my $, gives me the change and slams the window shut. No Ty or good night  etc...

Then she's looking at me like I'm stupid because I'm still sitting in the drive thru. You know that " WTH does she want look"? I know it lol!!! She finally opens the window and I say " you didn't give me my food". She literally bent over to look in my car like I was hiding it or something. Then, she turned away quickly she looked panicked. She never said one word. Not, sorry, my bad... Nothing at all. Then this lil jerk comes up dark hair glasses and hands me the bag. I ask for green sauce. He says I put the dressing in there. I said " no green sauce" he says "you mean avocado salsa?". Obviously, you know what I meant dip sh&t. I don't say it tho... I just think it. He hands me two tiny green sauces turns his back to me and starts conversing with his coworker. 

Where are your damn manners? I don't care how old you are. My daughters 11 and she knows to say please and thank you to everyone. I said " thank you very much, have a good night" and he turned towards me his back was to me the entire time and he said "yeah bye". 

My daughter went into the store. She had to use the restroom so, I gave her $ to buy a coke. I didn't want them to think that she's a free loader. I drove around to pick her up and she was so angry. Lol. She said " omg they were so ride to me" I said " me too". 

What can you do, right? Just write a review on yelp to let out your frustrations lol. 

Ps. The food was really good again.
