YTmnXQxBuNwU_L3uQGH2-A Noticeable dip in food quality - Improved Staff and Great Environment!

When Nuevo Acapulco opened, my wife and I really enjoyed the food,  environment and service.  We stopped going after a waiter double charged us after a poor service.  That same waiter had delivered some really poor service in the past and we had enough of management's refusal to deal with their problem employee.

Since that experience, the waiter is no longer an employee at NA and the service staff we've dealt with since are amazing.  One young lady (I forgot her name) explained each dish in detail and made recommendations based on our questions.  She aslo did a great job moving the meal along and was very attentive.

The restaurant itself is always clean and has traditional bright colors and a good Mexican feel.  The TVs in the seating area are tuned to sports and are a little distracting in the main seating area.  The bar is really nice but often times there is not a dedicated bartender.  The manager/owner ends up making the drinks as they have time; which can be a problem.

The real concern at NA is the current food quality.  During a recent visit, my entire group noticed that the proteins for our food were all severely over cooked and the rice and beans were both cold when served.  Since everyone has a bad day, we returned for another visit and had the same experience with the proteins; to the point that my wife could not chew through her "steak."  During our last visit, we order a Chimichanga that was fired very lightly in very heavy oil.  As a result, the part that was fried was very greasy and most of the tortilla was raw.  On top of that, the shredded pork was very fatty and under seasoned.

NA had a ton of potential and was a great restaurant when it first opened.  However, over the past six months, the food quality has decreased a great deal.  It may be a matter of consistency as some reviewers still enjoy the food and continue to give it good reviews.  With the variety of Mexican places around, this place used to be at the head of the class; now it's just another C+ to B- option.
