YYE0C8FeDpB6zqB0kSEh7w I made my second visit to Chile Addiction last night and was drawn to the place for this visit due to their Hatch Green Chile Roast event on Sept. 9-11. Their Facebook event page stated and I quote, "food and drink specials, entertainment and more." There were no food and drink specials after "happy hour" according to the server who quoted the owner and there was no entertainment and what's the "more" when there was nothing else going on but people roasting chiles outside that you could purchase! Green chile was already listed as part of the event, so that couldn't be the "more!" The server was assisted at times by the owner and even with the 2 of them, service was slow and less than desirable. Food was simple and looked thrown together on the plates. I had a ground beef chimichanga and it was just ok. The pinto beans were bland and not cooked all the way. The rice was ok. We had the nachos and that was a hot mess of unwarmed chips, nacho cheese sauce and lumps of refried beans. I think more than half the plate was left. If it wasn't for the company, this experience would have been a total disaster. I'm not an event planner, but I certainly know when an event was poorly planned. If it was just a 'hey we're roasting and selling chiles' event, then just say so and don't lie and say there's food and drink specials and entertainment just to try and draw people to your restaurant. That's gonna piss people off and that's only half the issue. Then you get people in (and I had several others join on this occasion) and between the disappointing service, food and the lack of truth in the event description then it puts a bad taste in your mouth. I think I'd rather take an 8-hour drive to Albuquerque just to have an authentic dinner. Not sure if the owner was in full charge of this event and the Facebook posting or not, but when I mentioned the post, the server kind of just blew it off. This just means they don't care and that they were probably just trying to attract business. The first time I went to this restaurant, there was maybe 1 table of people also dining and we had the attention of the owner who was our server. I had the Indian Taco and it was good, not amazing and the service was better. Just not sure between what happened now versus what it was like months ago that there's really any need to go back. Oh, and I didn't want to go there, but one person who works there reminded me of 'Magda' from the movie 'Something about Mary!' It's not necessarily the tan that I'm referring to but the nervous, fast-moves, all over the place kind of mannerisms. Not sure if it's got Red Bull or what written all over it. Personally, I think they need to refocus before another restaurant becomes history. I'm not trying to sound mean, be nasty nor do I want them to go away, but without the focus on customers and what you're putting out into the media and on tables, it's only going to go downhill and all that blood, sweat and tears is going to be for nothing.
