ZcAoKSDT6BNcWsn3o4-WVA I was very happily surprised with this experience. My friends and I wanted to grab a bite to eat for the night and one of them had said that they smelled the food coming from this place across the highway. Happily sold, we headed over and I was shocked to see that it was only 2.5 stars. The place was crowded and we got a nice booth along the side of the wall. The menu features lots of tex mex, american cuisine and some specials. I went with what was mentioned on yelp and got the Buddy bowl and we all shared some chips and queso. Now, the size of the chips and queso was huge. The three of us shared and we were basically stuffed by the end, but we trekked on because as soon as we were done our entrees came out. 

Now, this buddy bowl, first of all is HUGE. I don't think there is anyone that could really finish this entire thing. but also, make sure you get some of their delicious white sauce on the side in addition to what they generously give. The flavors of the rice, cheese and all meats were scrumptious and bursting with flavor. I love making my own tacos so the fact that it comes with some nice and hot tortillas got me. I was very happily surprised with this meal and could only finish half. I asked for a box and the waitress was very nice and gave me some more sauce to go with it. SPOILER alert: this dish taste just as good the day after. I was definitely surprised by how much I liked this place. It just goes to show that it is as much about the overall experience as it is the food and the company that you had. The restaurant also had a DJ playing some great throwbacks and got us all in a great mood. The only critique I will say is that this place is a little more pricey than I would like to spend on the meal, but since I got two meals out of it and had great company to go with it was a good time. Additionally, just know what you're getting yourself into when coming to a tex mex place. note: this is not usually going to be the best mexican food of all time, so just adjust your expectations a bit. 

Happy eating yall!
