ZCe93zAkxr2KOBU1NT0lmg I've never been the biggest fan of Valle Luna. Mediocre food, dingy, hit or miss service - not my favorite place for Mexican. For some reason, my mom likes it and so for her I've endured. 

From my experience there today, I will not ever return again. We were seated in a dingy booth with huge rips in the seats. Above us were the taxidermy heads of a buffalo and deer, both encrusted in years of dust and swinging cob webs - exactly what I want to see before I eat. Yum. (sarcasm). 

I ordered a grilled steak burrito combo and asked if I could sub the rice & beans for a gordita de papa (Mexican potato cake). The waitress said this would be ok. While we waited for our meals we munched on the chips which despite shimmering in excess oil were pretty tasty. The mild salsa has an odd taste to me so I opted for the watery hot sauce - which is good and tangy but not at all hot. 

When our food arrived I was surprised at the size of my burro. I know these days portion sizes are ridiculous but this was alarmingly small. Comparable to the size of a grocery store frozen burrito. But the potato cake was a good size so I knew it was plenty. I was excited about the potato cake and dug into it first. BAD IDEA!

I assumed it was supposed to be served hot, but this thing was ice cold. Not lukewarm, not room temperature, this was ice cold - like it had just come out of the fridge - or freezer! Obviously these are prefab or pre-made and heated when ordered - but the cook forgot to heat it! Biting into icy fried potatoes is pretty nasty. I do not recommend. A huge oversight on the kitchen's part. Please cook the food before serving. Thanks. 

When the waitress came over to check on us I asked her if the potato cake was supposed to be hot or cold. She looked at me as if this was a stupid question and told me it was "deep fried" so it had to be hot. I advised her that mine was frozen and she offered to get me another. 
About 10 minutes later she returned with something that left my mouth on the table. 

The cake was served in a red plastic basket lined with paper. The replacement potato cake was not a replacement at all - it was the same one I sent back - with bite missing out of it. The paper was crumpled and so saturated with oil it was transparent - it didn't even line the basket properly. The cake itself (with bit missing) was unappetizing and broken up.  It's fine if they gave me the original cold cake back - I'm not an advocate for wasting food - but, at very least put some new parchment in the basket since this one had tears and salsa stains! Presentation is a big part of service when dining out and the way this looked was a joke. I am not a dog and should not be served like one, especially when dining out!

The waitress haphazardly apologized and left. When she returned I told her to take the potato cake away. I would not be eating something that was tossed and served in such a fashion. The appearance told me that the cook was obviously ticked off that I had sent it back - who knows what else was done to it before it made it's way back to my table. She never offered to bring another or bring out the original rice and beans. 

The waitress asked me if I wanted to see a manager. Did she have to ask? Seriously, she herself seemed embarrassed when I pointed out the obvious to her. The manager came back and seemed aloof and uncaring. I explained what happened and only got a blank stare and and offer to remove the potato cake from my bill. Odd - since I ordered the combo, I assumed he meant he would remove my order. Nope I was charged $10.25 for my tiny burrito ala carte. $2 less than the combo price. 

Whatever. I won't be returning. When I dine out I expect hot food to be served hot. I understand sometimes by the time it comes out to it cools off - this was not the case - this was flat out not cooked. When I have a complaint I expect a manager to come out to address it without having to be asked. When my complaint is valid I expect full compensation. 

And even better was the roach hanging out by the threshold of the door on our way out. It was technically outside the joint - but you know it has buddies who made it in. Gross. 

Valle Luna - I always had my doubts about you but today was the last straw.
