zCmwErM82hdKl4L2UixDJw We were excited to try the new Barrio location which opened in our very own Lakewood last month. We'd been to the Tremont one a few times and had good experiences so last night, off we went for some booze and tacos. 

5 stars: TACOS, atmosphere/art
$3 for the basic taco which you can pick and choose your toppings, meat and shell? Hells yes! So many combos its hard to pick - there are a few chef's recommendations if you aren't feeling creative. All I've had have been excellent. Art on the walls is the same awesome skeleton motif that is found in the original Barrio. I love it and have never seen anything quite like it. The atmosphere is just the right amount of dark. 

4 stars: queso and service
We were seated after a minimal (probably 10 min) wait at the bar at around 8pm on a Friday. Not too shabby in my estimation. The service was friendly, prompt, and just the right amount of attentive. 

We tried the queso with chorizo. At first it wasn't so great because they just dump some chorizo sauce stuff into a mortar with the melted queso cheese. It was a little greasy looking and weird at first. But once it all starts to get mixed together....really really good. We had to stop ourselves so we had room for tacos. 

3 stars: The specialty margaritas I tried were so-so. The grapefruit one 'Frida's Kahlo' I believe, barely had any flavor at all. Definitely did not taste much grapefruit and certainly not much booze. I get it, it has 'good tequila so it should be smooth'....sure but pardon me if it should also taste like an alcoholic drink. The second one I tried was better - pink with lime and orange. Can't recall the name but it had more flavor, although I still found it quite weak. Typically if I'm drinking two margaritas (and spending 16 bucks total on them), I will feel a slight buzz after that. Not AT ALL with Barrio. 

Overall, this is a good spot. I LOVE the hand painted art on all the walls. So unique and fun to look at while you drink and dine. I would definitely recommend the tacos and queso. For the margaritas, I'd stick to the traditional ones or maybe the ones I didn't try are better. Overall very glad this new addition is in Lakewood!
