zjvnqTjBp56NhMp1GrlO5g Hidden in plain sight! - Take heed and bookmark Mingo. 

Came here with the lady after a long day of running errands and needed some nourishment and an adult beverage, Mingo to the rescue! This eatery is located in the Arts District, in a huddle mass of amazing art venues and great boutique shopping options. 

Mingo offers an amalgam of upscale bar food, weiner jokes, and tasty cocktails. We pretty much had the entire place to ourselves and bellied up to the bar. Roman, our bartender greeted us and started us off with couple beers and three-dollar mystery shots. These mystery shots were very good, I'm guessing; Vodka, lemonade, and something else?  Mingo has a decent beer options, but you're better off ordering cocktails in this joint. They have a huge selection and are also willing to create stuff on the fly. 

Happy hour was going strong so we ordered accordingly. We got the Notorious P.I.G., Three Cheese Baked Mac N' Cheese, and Brussel Sprouts with Bacon. 

The Notorious P.I.G. is a basically a hot dog covered in awesome. That awesome being, pickled jalapeños, horseradish mac & cheese, and crispy bacon. I did attempt to pick this beast up and eat it the classic hot dog way, but this mammoth meal needed a fork and knife. There's some great texture going on here, the crispy bacon mixed with the creamy mac n' cheese was stellar! This dish wasn't too spicy even with the jalapenos and horseradish; it just had a baby kick. More flavor than anything.

The seared brussel sprouts were a great side dish for the meal. Even though it says, "seared" on the menu these green veggies weren't overcooked. Mingo lightly seared these in a balsamic reduction, and added candied pecans, golden raisins along with bacon upon request. Crispy, fresh, and even with the addition of bacon these lighten up the meal nicely. 

I would definitely recommend this place for a daytime adult beverage stop. I hear that soon they will be hosting movie night on Wednesdays! 

Stay tuned Mingo-ites!
