ZkUWOdBA4T7pdUhT0dkRzQ Margarita drinkers..this is a Mexican food establishment. Margarita is a Mexican alcoholic drink...Right? Well appears not so at this establishment. Your not advised that when ordering a Margarita your paying for the "Tequila" which at the minimum price is $6.00 (rot gut stuff)...but the kicker here is there is an additional "UP CHARGE" of $2.00+/- per drink, for the non alcoholic ingredients that make a Margarita!! So in my case, I do like Hornitos tequilla. 
I have been to the Gilbert restaurant three times. I order the same ingredients in my margarita every where I go...Hornitos, Reposado, fresh squeezed line juice, with a small amount of agave sweetener...Simply those three ingredients. So day one, I ordered my normal and found they had it on the menu. Great! Every time, same order...I looked at my receipts after the third and final visit, found my self paying a different price,( more) each visit. 
First visit, I had 3! (ends up it was the rot gut and not the Hornitos).  I was charged 
$9.00 for the tequilla and the infamous "Up charge" for the "Margarita"... Second visit, I thought I was getting lucky, I had 2 of the same Margaritas, being charged $8.00 each this time and the "upcharge"...So ok. My last visit..ONE usual margarita, tequila this time was $12.00!!!!! plus, you guessed it..The "up charge". Ok 3 visits, 3 same Margarita order...Time to discuss the bills with the manager. This is where I found out about the "UP CHARGE"!! He also indicated to me that his bartender made a mistake and didn't charge me the "Up charge" on one of my bills!! I felt like I was going to have to give him more $$. He stood behind all the charges. OKEY DOKEY... So, what I am doing as a loyal friend, for those of you, who enjoy a good drink at a good value...is just letting you know the practices of this establishment. Price out what you order to avoid sticker shock at the end. I HIGHLY advise you to watch the pour if you are asking for a particular tequila, beyond their basic offering. Unfortunately after all this, it has tainted my impression of the food as well. I'll give it a mediocre for local Mex foods. (I grew up in San Diego where there is some pretty fine Mexican Restaurants. 
I hope this helps you in the future.

UP DATE: I received a reply from a Mindy representing Barrio Queen, no information as to what her position was. She requested a reply from me to fix the issues. This was my reply:
Mindy, 
Thank you. Unfortunately an attempt was made, as noted in my remarks. I am done! 
I might suggest you read many of the problematic comments posted on Yelp already. It clearly shows where your serious issues lie. I think addressing a lot of those will help tremendously in getting your staff serving the customers in a way that your customers leave happy. Those are your repeat people.
Personally you bar needs a lot of attention. Also in my review I noted some management issues as well. Which hit close to my heart.
The best of luck to you.Kathy --
