ZLrDrRo1Vy03HJka4KVb9w My trip to Old Mexico was, to say the least, unique.  I am not sure exactly how to describe the ups and downs so I will take this step by step from the time I walked in the door.  Here is my candid review as best as I can explain:

At 11:50 a.m. I walk into Old Mexico which is located in a corner of the ghost town formerly known as Century III mall.  As I walk in I remember the days when the shopping mall actually had open stores, lots of customers, crowded parking lots, and a time when Old Mexico was Ruby Tuesday (which is a really, really good mall restaurant for those who are near one).  As I enter inside I immediately recognize the old Ruby Tuesday dark wood and restaurant set up but its now covered up with what I describe as a Mexican teenager's 10th grade party decorations.  Typical faux Mexican decorations trying to fool los gringos into believing they are in an authentic Mexican restaurant.  OK, I've seen this many times before all over the mid-Atlantic and east coast and still found places which I'd gladly return ... hoping this is one of them.  
I am greeted by an employee who appeared smarmy, with greasy hair, dirty nails and a stained shirt.  He was a friendly person, however, and seated me at a table very near the bar since I was the ONLY patron. It is a Friday at almost noon just to be clear.  After being seated I waited about five minutes for my server. When he arrives he brings me the typical warmed, bag tortilla chips and salsa de mesa along with a menu.  I sampled the chips with the salsa.  The salsa was very fresh and pretty good but definitely catering to the American palate as it was pretty mild.  I order only water to drink, the server leaves then brings it right back to me.  It was a glass the size of a gallon jug, it was huge.
I open the menu and begin to read what I consider a cross between a bad version of an American restaurant on Cinco de Mayo and a typical American restaurant in Texas with a few authentic Mexican dishes.  I read the menu three times before deciding that I will go with one of the dishes I used to judge all real Mexican restaurants, their enchiladas with salsa verde along with a flauta and a tamal.  When the server returns to my table I ask him if there is anything he would recommend as their specialties or best prepared dish.  The server stated he thought I would like lunch combo #1.  Seriously?  With all the food that could be recommended, knowing what I look and sound like, he gives me lunch #1?  So, I ask him if they make their tamales in house.  The server looks puzzled and responds with a very uncertain yes.  I didn't believe him.  Nevertheless I ordered ONE tamel.  The server, who earlier in our conversation stated he was originally from Mexico City, asked to confirm I wanted only one tamale .... I corrected him as there is no such thing as a tamale .... I kindly responded one tamal.  Now my fake Mexican food meter is jacked wayyyy up. Really, who is this guy and where is he really from?  Next, I ask if the flautas are freshly made.  I get a resounding yes from the server.  So, I ordered one flauta as well.  
I waited about fifteen minutes for my food to be served, pretty darn quick turnaround.  The tamal was dry, not terribly dry but it wasn't what I am used to though it was not bad at all.  I would order it again if someone I was with wanted them but I think it was premade somewhere, possibly in house, but heated up in a microwave.  After all, lets face it folks, for those who know, tamales aren't something that Mexicans eat everyday unless its someone's birthday or a special holiday. Now, the flauta.  This is something that I love to eat and was excited to order. The flauta was hot, fresh and served on a slight bed of shredded lettuce with legitimate guacamole.  The flauta was very, very, very good and the guacamole on top was delicious and authentic ... creamy mashed avocado, salt and lime juice (typically guacamole is an accompaniment in central and south Mexico but its considered more of a dip in northern Mexico due to Texas influence).  So far so good, right?  Next came the enchiladas.  Ugh, eek, yuck, blah!!!  This restaurant, with everyone speaking English using a Mexican accent, brings me three mushy, soft enchiladas with salsa colorado ... red sauce.  Little red sauce.  But, to cover up the overcooked vile mush they covered my enchiladas with some type of melted cheese ... abundant amounts of cheese (at least it was white - probably white chedder or maybe asiago) and damp roughly shredded lettuce .... the lettuce was wilted and disgusting.  These were absolutely AWFUL!!!  I ate part of one enchilada and had to stop because they were such a horrible trainwreck.  Possibly the worst I've ever had at a restaurant claiming to be Mexican, including Taco Bell.  
I pay the server my bill and leave knowing that I will not return again unless I hear better things in the future.... from many sources.  Recommendation:  No way Jose.
