zlZQM-cJPVW7FHJsYTvyYg So...the 1 star that I'm giving this place is for the decor and the waiter because he was very kind. It's sad because I seriously doubt that this place and therefore his job will be around very long! To keep it short and sweet, the food was terrible. Starting with the watered down salsa and tortilla chips. A Mexican restaurant with bad salsa and chips?? I should have taken heed and left before I wasted my money on the entrees. Next, the $4 queso dip....GROSS! I'm not even sure it was real cheese.  As we waited (all of about 4 minutes from the time we ordered) for our entrees to come out, the manager came by to ask how things were so far and I expressed my dissatisfaction with the queso dip. He pretty much didn't know what to say so to break the awkward silence, I said well hopefully the food is better and he simply walked off. The food comes out lukewarm on a scalding hot plate. My entree, the Matador lunch special had one chicken burrito and one beef enchilada.  The beef was extremely greasy, lacked seasoning and was ground up very fine like a paste of some sort. The chicken was so dry that after one bite, which had to be chased with water just to swallow it, I gave up entirely on the meal. My son had opted for a pork burrito and after he bit it, the look on his face said it all. I tried a small bite and the pork was tough, not seasoned and tasted extremely gamey. I honestly would not have fed any of that food to my dogs. 

When the waiter came back, I asked for the check. He didn't ask how the food was, I'm assuming because our plates were full yet we declined boxes. As he got the boxes, the manager came back over and asked how we liked the food. I told him that we didn't and he asked for specifics. I gave the details above and referred to the food as "Taco Bell" served on a plate to which he replied "all of our food is made from scratch". I just laughed and gathered my things to leave. Doesn't matter much if it's made from scratch if it tastes like crap.
