4DLsC4BTUoEqFGusetQVlQ A friend had picked this place out because we were feeling Mexican and needed a place downtown. 

Between the 4 of us we shared the following:
-Torilla Chilps with a side of Guacamole and Corn Salsa
-Rice and Corn Frituras
-Tostada de Ceviche

I personally had:
Tacos: the La Carnita (pork) and the Cod (fish) and the horchata to drink. 

I had to pay for parking across the street that was $15. Couldn't find the entrance to get to La Carnita because I didn't realize it was the abandoned-looking house next to Sweet Jesus. Once my friend found me outside, we waited for another 10-15 minutes to get seats. The place is packed!

However...the music was awesome! 90's hip hop and r&b - thank you! Yes, please...that's my jam! That- and the lights were dim...this phased-out light clubber was singing along to 112's 'Only You' and LL Cool J's 'Something Like a Phenomenon.' We got seated upstairs.

The Tortilla Chips were nice - had a hint of lime - similar to Tostitos' Hint of Lime chips, but their chips were housemade. I'd say the Corn Salsa was a winner and I'd definitely get that again. Fresh and bright flavours - this did not disappoint. 

The Rice and Corn Frituras were good, but they were a bit heavy after having the chips and dips. The order comes with 3 deep fried rice balls with a dipping sauce on the side. They weren't greasy, but after having the corn salsa, I felt that I could've skipped this part. 

The Tostada de Ceviche was made of fresh scallops. I found the plantain chips that it came with to be quite nice, but I wouldn't order this specifically again. Only because that corn salsa was a really great starter -there needs to be room for the tacos.

The La Carnita was pulled pork and the cod was in a deep fried batter (both in a soft taco shell). Both were good, but I felt that if I put that corn salsa on it (or if I had more of it, I would've put it on myself) it would've really made it memorable. The tacos are generally of good quality ingredients, but I've had more memorable flavours. 

Overall, La Carnita is a high end taco joint which you can take your friends to for a casual night out and good vibes. The place is dark and it's packed. Maneuvering through the place somewhat feels like maneuvering through a club. But with good music - who cares. Get the corn salsa - if I had an unconditional supply of it - i'd put that s&^t on everything.
