4tWF2w6jP2LNK2xTVNEMFw I really like Garduños and I was sorry to see the location at the Palms close.  I first ate at a Garduños in Albuquerque in 2001 and I was delighted with their chile verde.  With the growth of Mexican restaurants on my side of town, the trip to Rancho and Lake Mead is not necessary anymore but I did miss that chile.

I had a small comp that could be used at Garduños so off I was in the rain halfway across town to enjoy this dish.

I was seated immediately--the place only had about 4 other occupied tables.  My server came over and dropped off chips and salsa and then went on his way (that became the story of my meal there) while I studied the menu which really wasn't necessary but it was worth a look.  It hasn't changed and I knew what I was getting.  My server returned and I ordered.  He asked me what style I wanted and I went with the diced chicken rather than the machaca version.  My iced tea was brought and then I waited.

I saw the bowl placed on the shelf in the kitchen but my server had a way of just disappearing.  I'm guessing it sat there at least five minutes before he sauntered in and got the bowl.  By the time I got it, the temperature heat had cooled a fair amount.  The chile was a bit spicy but I wanted some Cholula or Tapatio.  Server nowhere to be seen.  I eventually gave up, cut the whole chile in quarters, and used a quarter at a time to give some heat to the dish.

Bussers cleared my plates and then I waited.  Five to ten minutes passed before he returned and asked if I wanted dessert.  He got the menu and then disappeared again.  At least ten minutes later, he came back, put his hands on my shoulder and said, "I keep forgetting you here.  Did you decide on dessert?"  I told him I was going to pass and he took my voucher and came back with the bill totaling $4.04.

At this point, I was so irritated that I was wondering what to leave for a tip.  I decided on $2, put it in the folder, and walked out.  It wasn't until I got home that I realized I stiffed someone for the small bill.  

I called and spoke to the manager and she said to forget it and apologized for the poor service.

Even with the two star rating, I will be back sometime.  I just will make sure I have a different server who doesn't forget me!
