4vm2W7J_ztH0vcX4bKfuXw Have you ever had a dream? Well, I did and it came true! My dream was to find a perfect taco, and not only that, but to have it close to home. I've been here twice now, and both times were so great, my boyfriend and I are left satisfied and excited for the next time we come. 

The first time we came in, we were greeted by a friendly employee. I explained it was my first time here so it might take a minute for us to decide what to get! (Mostly because i'm so indecisive!) She said not to worry, and gave us their handheld menu because they had pictures on there and it was a little more detailed. I found it super helpful!

So on our 1st trip, we decided to get a few tacos, one combo taco meal, and 2 churros. 
2 chicken, 3 carne asada and 2 carnitas tacos in total, and the combo came with rice and beans. Their carne asada tacos were perfection! So so so good. Did i mention they were good? The chicken and carnitas were super good too, but to me carne asada takes the cake! The rice and beans that came with the combo were good as well. Not amazing, but good! And seeing as ths tacos were amazing, we really didn't care anyways! Now, for the churros.... we actually had to wait a little longer for our food because they were preparing our churros fresh! I mean we didn't care, it made us happy that they were fresh! And man were they good! So warm, crispy, sugary galore.
For our 2nd trip, my boyfriend got tacos again, and I got a burrito. We also got their carne asada fries to share. He tried the al pastor tacos and said they were suuuuper good. He still loves carne asada more but he thinks its cause beef is life :P  I got the carne asada burrito "chimmi" style, and man was that thing big! Covered in cheese and yummy-ness. I loved this burrito! It was so filling! My only mistake was forgetting i hate soggy things so towards the end when the tortilla got a little soggy i didn't want it lol. The carne asda fries were amazing though, the fries were crispy golden and deliciousss! 

Anyways, this is our favorite taco place, and I highly recommend it to everyone! Its a great find, I don't think people know that they're missing out if they haven't been here! :)
