4VPjBVJKcxDpr00OMwxSww My husband, his brother and I were in the area for some business and I was starving by the time we finished (who leaves the house in the morning without coffee or breakfast! Yes, sadly it's me!). So we head there at around 12:15pm. Not too busy. You order when u come in and then sit down. When the food is ready, they call your name. The menu had very good stuff and very weird stuff! I decided no weird food for me today, so I went for the Asada tacos & I chose to have them on flour tortillas. I also ordered my favorite drink, Jamaica (which is basically the Mexican Hibiscus drink). Food came out in a few min. Unlike some other restaurants I've been to around town, the tacos here are served plain, meaning just the meat on the tortilla however u have the freedom of adding whatever toppings you want at the salsa bar which has about 4- 5 different salsas, pickled onions, cucumbers, carrots, etc. I topped my tacos with some chopped onions with cilantro, pickled onions (yeah I'm a big fan of fresh onions, shhhh!), shredded cabbage, salsa verde and some guacamole sauce and lime. We sat outside since the weather is finally getting better in Arizona and we dug in. Yum!!! OmG, this is great!!! My favorite other restaurant in town has Asada but no sorry not as good! This is worthy of five stars! I ordered 4. What 4! I had to go get one more (honestly if my brother in law wasn't with us, I would've gotten even more but I got embarrassed cause he only ordered 4 for himself and I'm thinking of an even 6th one here!). The meat was cooked perfectly. Perfect seasoning, perfect flavor, it was absolutely delicious! 
My husband and his brother ordered Asada too but, they also ordered 1 intestine taco (forgot what it's called). The smell of it was so strong, I wanted to be adventurous and try it but the smell kept putting me off. Eventually I decided to try a small bite. Oh no, this ruined my day I had to spit it out. No more intestines for me, ever! My husband and his brother enjoyed it a lot though. They love it. Ok guys! You win the adventure trophy.
Great find! I can't wait to go back again.
