5G-i1t7VXLGByswnCKvrDQ If you don't follow my reviews, then your missing out. 


Alright, for those of you that follow my reviews, you already know that I'm brutally honest. Luckily this isn't a bad review. This is my second time visiting this restaurant within two weeks so I have a lot to say about. 


    Walking in, this place is really dark and it also has a full bar which looks really cool upon walking in. My friend and I waited to be seated and we where greet promptly my first visit but on my second visit my boyfriend and I waited a bit before the bar tender had to flag our waitress/hostess down. (No big deal) On my first and second visit I had huge tortilla chips and salsa that was brought out to us as soon as we were seated and we also ordered $5 guacamole. The salsa is a little too thin for my taste as well as too salty but I like that fact that it's fresh, at least it tastes like it. The GUACAMOLE is soooo good! Omg, it's the kind of food that makes you want to smear it all over your body because it's so good. It's so creamy, so chunky and so flavorful. And the lime in it is delightful it really gives it charater and that attitude like, "Bitch you know I was just made fresh", it's really that good. 
    The menu is overwhelming to look at I personally like to have a lot of choices to choose from but if you don't they do section the dishes off into sea food, chicken, steak and vegetarian. I ended up getting the Cazulada ($13.99) (I think that's how you spell it I'm not sure) and my friend got the lobster enchilada. The Cazulada, was amazing!!!! I was so happy I made the right choice. It's a good choice if your not sure what to get and you want to be on the safe side and have a combination of meats (chorizo, chicken and steak) onions and poblano  peppers and oh yeah, it's spicy! When it comes out it's sizzling; makes for a good presentation and comes with orange colored rice and pinto beans topped with cheese. The beans and rice was really good too. ** also I thought it was just me but but I was right my Cazulada was sooo salty. ( I'll get back to that)

For drinks I ordered the Tecate beer that's served with a lime and that was really good and really had a craving for a piña colada. The piña colada was gross!!!!! It tasted like creamy alcohol flavored wtf in a glass. So disappointed. I should have sent it back when I saw it because there is not mention on the menu about it having strawberries in it. I figured that it wouldn't be too bad of a combination but I was wrong, it wasn't what I wanted and it was too sweet and there was nothing coconut about it. Maybe loose the strawberry and add coconut cream. 

My friend got the Lobster enchilada ($12.99) and I got a chance to have a bite of hers. The best way to describe the taste is a big plate of lobster and cream cheese stuffed wonton. It's tasty but entirely too rich for my taste, too creamy. It was served with rice, lettuce topped with sour cream, tomato and guacamole. My friend loved it and was surprised that the lobster was fresh and "real". She also said that she wanted to spread it over her body. 

My boyfriend had enchilada with mole sauce, unfortunately I did it take a picture of it nor does he remember the name of it. Two where chicken and two where beef. Here's why: The enchiladas were horrible! It was upsetting to look at and even horrible to eat. We had never has mole sauce before and my boyfriend asked the waitress what to expect. She described the sauce as smokey and BBQ sauce like but not BBQ sauce. Ew, it had a sweet chalky taste to it and very dry and it did have a hint of sweetness to it. He had it sent back and went with the safest choice, the Cazulada. I hear it coming before I saw it and he was all smiles and the smell was still amazing. Again, my boyfriend was put off by the salt just like I was, so it wasn't just me. He was truly offended by the level of salt. With his experience and background dealing with a verity foods and chefs, I trust his opinion and someone needs to put down the salt and taste what they are serving. Your going to have to wash the salt down with a couple of drinks. No need for salt with your tequila. 

    I really wanted to eat the Cazulada again but I wanted to try something new, so I got the seafood chimichanga, so I thought... I don't know if mine was really a chimichanga seeing how it was supposed to be fried and it didn't seem fried to me but rather soggy. I think they confused it with the seafood enchilada. The shrimp was huge and the scallops were huge but I would have liked them to be sautéed just so they aren't too soft with the sogginess of the flour tortilla. The lobster was fake!!!! It tasted real when I had a bite of my friends lobster enchilada but (gag) it was fake lobster and I do not like the taste of fish and artificial coloring that's labeled imitation crab meat. Gross! I should have known better, it's very rare that restaurants serve real crab anymore in their dishes. Huge disappointment!  

I
