5NrkGcyY-2fBjQWkoYrNAA While the decor is not much more than a lot of stereotypical Mexican souvenirs, it's alright because all the attention is focused on the most important thing, the FOOD!

I've had a number of items from their menu and my recommendations are the nachos with Chorizo, and the Chicken in a poblano cream sauce.

The nachos are made with handmade tortilla chips, in-house made chorizo, beans and cheese.  The presentation doesn't do it much justice but once you put one of these chips in your mouth, you experience the spiced pork goodness.  I brought a friend with me to have these and she wanted another order after we finished.  As her entree.

The chicken in poblano cream sauce is a house speciality creation, not the most authentic Mexican dish but the chicken breast simmered in this flavourful sauce is tender and so delicious, that when I order take out, I try to save the extra sauce for later just to dip bread in - or pour over anything I can think of.

On the menu you'll also find  enchiladas, chimichangas, camerones (Shrimp) and rice.  All dishes are served with a small salad, and beans topped with queso fresco on the same plate.  (Even the beans are really good.)  They make their Guacamole fresh to order, sometime table side if it's not busy.
Nothing is terribly spicy, but everything is very flavourful and you can tell spices were carefully selected to draw out certain flavours.  If you want something made spicy, just ask!

If dining in, the staff - it's a family run establishment - are very nice and very accommodating.  They have a few Mexican beers such as Modelo, Dos Equis, and of course Coronas.  Their margaritas are really good too.

The food is amazing.  I eat here often.  I dine in, and order takeout.  If I go without my husband, he gets upset.  The menu is of a good size, and everything is authentic.  If you order anything with chorizo, or the poblano cream sauce, you will make it a point to make a return visit.  

The family and their extended family own restaurants all over the Toronto and Durham region, having visited a few others, this is the best one.  

Oh I forgot to mention, the food besides being amazing, is also very reasonably priced, a couple can dine for $50 with an appetizer, 2 entrees and a drink each!
