6Q89zbIFWpjvzD5UWHVgcQ What a fantastic find! I absolutely love this place. I just had dinner here with a few friends and I will definitely be back again. The restaraunt is small, the decor is simple, but the friendly service  really fills the room and makes you feel like you've been invited into their home. 

For the five of us, we shared two small mixed ceviches (one flavored with mango and the other with passion fruit and came with all dressed toppings). Now I understand why everyone raves about the ceviches, they were phenomenal as appetizers and really woke up our taste buds. 

The ceviches were followed by some tostones (fried plantain), yucca fries (really good!) and tequenos (fried cheese).  They have really nicely flavored sauces to dip all the fried goodies in. All the baskets were pretty big and I am happy I got to try it all. Had I been there alone or with one other person, I would've really loved a mixed basket that had all three of the items in one basket. 

Afterwards, we shared 3 plates of fish, shrimp and vegetable tacos. They had very generous fillings and tasted really fresh. 

Finally, we finished our meal with their famouse tres leche cake.  This is a must have! You must not leave the restaurant without having it! It is a big piece and I suggest sharing it. 

As for drinks, they do have an alcohol license now, but the juices are probably the best, as the waiter had suggested. The tamarind juice was a little sour and tart, whereas  the lulo juice was much sweeter. At the end of the meal,  a few of us had rose tea and they were kind enough to provide extra hot water that was also infused with rose buds.How thoughtful! 

If the great food is not enough to convince you to try this place out, then the price must be. We had a really satisfying meal for a very decent price and it makes it a very easy choice to return for a nice lunch or casual dinner with either family or friends. I definitely recommend this place!!

Just as a reminder, it is a small restaurant that could accommodate max 10 people at their biggest table and you will want to reserve it as I am sure it can get pretty full really fast.
