7-Ba9uSmYYpXgnQRoIPxMQ Despite a deeply held belief that no one makes black beans and rice as tasty as the Cubans do, I hadn't stepped foot in a Cuban restaurant in years. Decades, actually. As a vegetarian, there are usually more diverse options calling my name.

But this past Saturday we went to Havana Grill because a) it's right next to a movie theatre that's never too crowded/miserable on the weekends, and b) my Aussie husband needed to try Cuban food before we all ditch Vegas for the wilds of Perth where, if they can't do Mexican without cracking open a bag of Tostitos and a block of cheddar, I'm pretty sure decent Cuban food is just as unlikely.

HG ended up being a solid four stars for me. I'm docking a star mostly because I felt like the black beans - while expertly prepared to dissolve in my mouth - were bland. I wasn't expecting heat, just at least some subtle layers of spice. Also, I really prefer that my main course not be brought out when I'm barely halfway through my salad (which I felt was overpriced despite its amazingness, see below).

The vegetarian choices for main dishes at Havana Grill are puny, but that's just Cuban cuisine wherever you go. I appreciate that the restaurant even offers vegetarian beans and makes a point of listing vegetarian items separately.

Basically, vegetarians get black beans and rice with a choice of fried or steamed yucca or plantains. I chose the fried yucca just to try something new and discovered that, unfortunately, I don't like the smell of it. That's just me, though - my husband couldn't smell anything. But between the beans, rice, complimentary bread (not really appealing to my taste but interesting), salad, and milkshake, I didn't even have room for the yucca. 

In fact, I would come back just for the enormous Ensalada de Havana. (I ordered mine without chicken, which I feel should be discounted, but I admit that few restaurants seem to have that policy.) Apple, grated manchego, cashews, citrus segments, honey vinaigrette - yumsie! Presentation was as beautiful as the salad was delicious.

I'd also come back for the Cuban-style milkshake. (Cuban-style = milk, condensed milk, ice, sugar - thinner than a typical milkshake but just as rich.) I ordered boring old chocolate because I really wanted a choc fix, but the shake was so creamy and satisfying that I'm afraid it's what I'd get again and again, as much as I'd like to try flavors such as triga, mamey, and coconut.

Service was perfect and refills were plentiful. Everyone was friendly. The interior is pleasant and, even though my ample tush usually prefers booth seating, the chairs were comfortable. Misters made patio dining on a 100+ day look pleasant.

I don't know how HG compares to other Cuban restaurants in the valley (including their sister restaurant near downtown). Possibly the blandness of the beans was "the Henderson factor" talking. (I love Henderson, but...) Or maybe that's just HG's style. Regardless, dining here was completely pleasant and even as a vegetarian with limited options, I'd be happy to come back any time.
