70WDApYtMcLlrnb1EUW6fg Talk about an amazing let down. Yes it's in a nice resort and has a chefs name attached to it, so we thought it's got to be better than your average Mexican place. It's very pretty and the grounds are impeccably manicured but of course it doesn't make the food taste better.  We ordered the Serrano chile infused pineapple margarita. It was a cloyingly sweet drink that possibly had been exposed to an eye dropper full of canned pineapple juice. Where was the Serrano pepper? On a toothpick above the drink as a garnish. I took it off and mashed it up with my straw and finally it added the kick I was craving. We opted for the Guac sampler as we couldn't decide between the bacon or the pomegranate. Surprisingly the bacon was the least favorite as it was lacking a much needed acid like lime juice to give it any kind of interest. The lobster Guac was great bc of the other ingredients. And the pomegranate was like nothing we have ever tasted! The flavors and textures were layered and complex from the creamy mashed avocado to the crunchy tangy Pom seeds. Well done. Chips were crisp, lightly salted and not too greasy. Tasty on their own. Roasted salsa spicy but very good. Surprisingly we were getting full. I ordered the Seafood Ceviche thinking it would be a light fresh citrusy lo-carb finish. My husband got the tempura branzino fish. Upscale Mexican cuisine is usually a lot of fresh fish and seafood with garlic or lime. I was surprised to see a lot of fried entrees accompanied by cabbage slaws and creamy sauces masking everything. Do an enchilada, but serve it deconstructed. Or use some unexpected ingredients. Elevate the dish. I think we ordered wrong. The portions were too big and the presentation was sloppy like a garbage dump on the plate. Pursue quality, not quantity. Be better than the Cheesecake Factory.  I think the photos speak for themselves. I forgot to capture the fish. I will say that the ceviche was better off the Fairmont poolside menu. What I got was a disaster. A pile of cold mashed sweet potato with no seasoning reminiscent of what might be served in a nursing home to stroke victims who can't swallow. A pile of tiny cooked bay shrimp was dumped on top. They also were not cured in citrus juice with fresh herbs and spices, but were just boiled in water, chilled and dumped on top like your grocery store salad bar. So I was confused (with good reason) as to why the name of this dish would be listed as 'seafood ceviche' as opposed to "Assisted Living Shrimp." I did find two microscopic shreds of crab among the legion of sea monkey shrimp. Around the plate perimeter was a moat of sweet coconut zabaglione-style cream that was better suited for dessert than a complement to shrimp. They need to take this dish off the menu. It's disgusting. This alone will keep me from ever going back. I had high hopes for La Hacienda but they fell short. If you are considering dining at La Horrenda let me suggest you go anywhere but here, unless mediocrity is your standard.
