7GGJlp1aWfcXGQz6q7SkXQ At the Sands Convention Center on 1/19/17 for the SHOT Show.  It's about 1:00 pm and I'm hangry.  The food on the convention floor is a joke, expensive and of school cafeteria quality.  Staff is ummm....unhelpful.

So I venture out into the world of all the Venetian has to offer....and it is lines and lines of hangry men.  All the way past B&B Burger To Go(which I dearly wanted to try).....so I go past Bouchon Bakery cart up to Rockhouse and....no lines(should have known)

The very cool and very curvy hostess takes me to a nice table in the bar, and I get to spread out all my shit and relax for a minute.....relaxation comes at a cost my friends.....$11.00 for a standard Captain n' Coke.  That's right....ELEVEN DOLLARS!  That is more than they charge at the airport.  These were not tall drinks either, served in a rocks glass.  Beware.  They do have a $50.00 all-you-can drink special, but I was not in that frame of mind...was at this show for business.

Anyway, had the Tijuana Mini Hot Dogs to eat($12.95 for 3) and they were super-duper, yes they were!!!!-quite a bit larger than a Smokey Link , bacon wrapped and fried on a teeny, but tasty bun with avo, pico de gallo(fresh!), grilled jalapeno, pineapple and a ribbon of sour cream.  Damn this was a welcome surprise!!!!

Sadly, the Jalapeno Poppers($8.95 for 6) were not.  Average at best.  Here's the thing.  They charge $7.95 for an order of waffle cut fries, which I dearly wanted with my hot dogs, but will not do a half order, and there was no way I was gonna do a full....so I got the poppers as a greasy, crunchy foil to the quite elevated taste of the TJ hot dogs.  They were ok.  I left two on the plate.

Break it down-

Ambiance/Cleanliness---Fake corporate dive bar on the Strip.  Cleanliness was "ok", but just. Decent bathrooms, paper towel dispenser was out. Tables were sticky....3 stars.

Service-"ok" but just.  Server was sorta chunky in Daisy Dukes and not very helpful/surly.  I think I saw fire shoot out of her nostrils when I asked about a 1/2 order of fries.  Can't get the image out of my brain. 2 stars.

Food-see above.....2 stars....bill was like $50.00.....was expecting about $25.00-$30.00.

Never going back for lunch.
