-rCIoxp7pqN3xY7E3-v56Q My husband was excited about this place because all the dishes were named after places in New Mexico. I was not as enthused, but I joined him for dinner anyway. The atmosphere is great!  We sat out on the patio, it was nice. There is a water feature that made us feel relaxed. 

The menu had many items on it. All of the chile dishes revolved around Hatch green chile. Being a red chile fan I was not impressed, but dh likes green so he could not decide what to order. Chips and salsa come with 3 different salsas, a mild, a hot, and a spicy bean dip. We are from New Mexico where salsa is done to our liking, with that being said I will continue on the salsas. The mild we did not even try. Looked like it had a lot of tomatoes. The hot we tried. I don't get it, why are the salsas sweet? Did not like. We finally tried the bean dip, which usually I am not a fan. This one actually had the spice going on and was not sweet! Woo hoo! We have a winner! The chips are really good. Made in house. These are light and thin, but not too thin they break in the bean dip. They are just perfect! 

Food selection like I said was HUGE. When in doubt I stick to burgers. In this case I chose the green chile burger. I did not read the description on the menu just knew that I could not go wrong with a burger. Dh ordered beef adobaba. When my burger was served it had green chile in a queso sauce, and it was delicious. The Hatch green chile was tasty and not hot (remember we are from New Mexico). The queso sauce had green chile in it and made the burger a little messy to eat, but I did not complain. The burger also came with 2 patties. I saved one for my lunch the next day because it would have been too much for me, but if you like that then this will be your go to burger. Dh's beef was good. He liked the beans and even the rice which he is usually not a fan of the rice.  I thought it could have been spicier, but I really like HOT RED CHILE. We split a sopapilla which are served as a dessert here. At home they could be used either way, and I usually ate it with my food. The sopa was good.

This place, which is why dh was there, makes their own beer! Now they don't have an IPA, but what they did have was good. Dh ordered the Bock. He normally doesn't order Bock but since they didn't have IPA, it was the next go to. He liked this one. He was amazed at the brewing. He now says he may try out their amber since the bock had good flavor.

Our waitress was very attentive. I never had to ask for a refill of water. It was not busy when we showed up or as we ate. The only negative thing was because we were eating outside a person sitting at the outside bar was smoking. Luckily it was when we were ready to  call it a night anyway, but wow that was stinky! 

We may be back again and I will post if I choose something different next time.
