7oEKIG7d1ttPRejppZ3WIA Incredible value here. Love Love Love. Leslieville STAPLE. 

VIBE 
So warm and inviting. Lots of families here too but not in an annoying way. There's a cute little alcove for kids to run under and chalk. The bright green walls now display some fantastic 3-D photography. It's something you have to see for yourself. And yes, there usually is always a line up. Try to get here before 10 if you can. If you're in a rush, don't come here. It's busy and because the food is so good, it's going to take some time.  I like the round tables. Nice touch. 

WE ATE
A LOT! My friend and I got one savoury dish and one sweet dish.  
The order: 

Beet, Apple Ginger Juice. OMG. It tasted like it was literally out of the garden. Lovely. 

Huevos Migas 3 soft-scrambled eggs w/ cheese, tomatoes, scallions & sausage, 
served w/ basmati brown rice, smashed black beans, sour cream, pico de gallo salsa. & organic corn tortilla chips.  This is a VERY big plate. I loved the soft scramble. There is a LOT of cilantro on top. Like cilantro city.  Too many black beans for my liking. The rice was OK but I'm not used to basmati. I'd still get it for the soft scramble. 
We added guac to the menu. It was hidden under the mass of food we got. I would advise to ask for it in a separate bowl. I didn't feel like it was a lot but it probably was (or maybe I just love guac that much). 

We saw the other table get a number of sweet items. The parfait looked phenomenal  (with a bagel hanging from the straw of the parfait glass!). We ordered looking at the crepe. 

So we had the organic buckwheat fresh fruit crepe w/ lemony yogurt, house-made 
cranberry-almond granola, berry coulis & honey.   
I felt like the crepe could have been "stronger" but it's buckwheat we're talking about, organic at that so it didn't hold the ingredients that well. Friend said it could have been a bit "warmer." It was still a really nice and healthy dish. Yummy and a nice complement to the savoury. 

Since these dishes didn't come with potatoes, we got them on the side. Man, they're a bit spicy! But tasty and not too big of a dish. That said, I couldn't finish them with all of the food we had. 
I need to come back here and get that poutine! 

OBLIGATORY CATCHY REMARK 
You'll need to take a walk afterwards. It's really a win on all fronts. One of the best brunch spots in the city and definitely Leslieville. If you can withstand the wait. 
NOTES: Cash only (there is is a TD Bank nearby) and they won't seat you until the whole party is there.
