7pkiQvVfcsa-wtBEeNHHUg I had high expectations and I had a coupon so I was really excited about trying this place we drive past all of the time.

We wanted one bowl and one burrito.  From the moment I stepped in I felt comfortable with a layout just like so many other places like Cafe Rio and Chipotle.  But the signage seemed to be missing on where to order so I stood in the wrong place, by the cash register since that is where the layout seemed to direct me.  Once corrected, I dealt with a young lady who just didn't seem to have any expereince in doing the job.  She seemed to expect me to add some ingredients and seemed surprised when I didn't.  

What mostly annoyed me was at 6pm on a Thursday there was a wait of 15 minutes for chicken.  How in the middle of dinner service can you be so far behind on having chicken prepared.  I could see it all on the stove top but was quoted 15 minutes before I could get any.  No real explanation or apology.  In fact I never got any idea that any of the staff cared including the guy who seemed to be in charge.  No offer that if I waited they would make me a discounted offer or something.  I called my girlfriend who wanted the chicken and she agreed to get the steak, I had the spicy pork (which wasn't spicy).

The food was fair, not especially hot nor flavorful and not better than Cafe Rio or Chipotle.  But the service was worse or at least uncaring.  Management needs to work on inspiring the employees to show some care for the customers.

The value was not there, we both didn't even think the serving size was worth the discounted $6 we paid ofr each let alone the $7.49 regular price.  No salsa bar, but you can get them to put their sauces on the product but it would have been better if I could have had them on the side and could have tried different ones.

Overall, we were left with the opinion that the food was fresh but that was the only real positive.  Maybe we will try again, maybe it was just this one location or just a bad night.  But there are alternatives that have not let us down and whose portions seem bigger for the same price point.
