7qc4FTqDmES4GUPFZYkwwg El Jacalito is that kind of place you would walk by for several years and never even question what its interior or its business is all about. A small door and inconspicuous signage make it seem as though they really don't care if you notice or not. I lived right by it actually for 2 years. It was a 2 min walk up the street, and yet I walked by always unnoticed. It was not until a night out with friends, when i had by then moved out of that Dufferin and Bloor area that a friendly drunken me asked several friendly drunken Latinos where i could find good Mexican food in the city. As per usual, when always talking to newcomers or visitors the topic of food always seems to be first brought up. EL JACAL!  was the unanimous shout by the entire group followed by nods of loud agreement (and even a high five!) I woke up the next morning, sufficiently defeated by the night be before and found a note shoved into my pocket with ELHAKAL (its how i wrote it) scribbled onto it. 

It was one of those places stuck in your mind when you go down a list of places where you could take your stomach. I took me another year to finally visit it and it was to right a big wrong done to my mouth and hunger. I had been to other Mexican places before in the city and found them all whitewashed with their heaps of tasteless ground beef and sprinklings of cheddar mix cheese - It would be hard to find these things in a real taco down south. After a particular awful meal at Mexitaco (i protested but a friend insisted) I vowed to recoup an authentic Mexican restaurant experience somewhere, anywhere in the city. The following week I went to El Jacalito. I bee lined to it. 

For some reason, with my memory of partying with Latinos, I had in mind a place that would be somewhat of a communal party scene. Tequila and tacos flying around and rowdy singsonging. But what i found was a small quiet restaurant, with random paraphernalia plastered all around. It was charming, but real quiet and the only customers its seemed were Latinos. We browsed the menu and  I went for the flautas, wanting something crunchy. Its several rolled up flute shaped tacos, filled with chicken and lamb and deep fried. All topped with shattering mound of lettuce, crema and queso. Plantains (they ran out of rice) and bean on the side. This was good. Actually it was amazing. It was better even than the ones I used to painfully and methodically make at an Mexican restaurant I used to work at. It's innards were still juicy and meaty, especially the lamb, but first there was that intense crunch with it golden outer shell that was anticipating. Screw the rice! The plantains are oh so fried sweet and soft and beans that were for once not bland. My partner got the enchiladas, with a deep black mole. It was a little too sweet. However it still had an intense rich and complex savory flavor that I was missing for a very long time. It was the first time my partner has ever experience mole, and he could not believe he had never encountered and licked such a smooth, luscious and savory sauce before. It lingered in conversation all the way back home.

We also ordered the barbacoa tacos to finish as dessert. It was roasted lamb pulled off the bone and shoved into maize tortillas. Completely blindingly delicious. Juicy and meaty and lamb-y. They also served it by the KILO for $50.85 or 1/2 KILO $28.25 with salad and tortillas. I highly suggest grabbing some friends and mowing the whole lamb down. Really this is what is worth just coming back for.

The place is owned by a large friendly man who shuffled around the restaurant. He eyed us suspiciously when we came up pay at the counter. "Did you live in Mexico?" No we said "Why did you order the mole?" As if we shouldn't have. I told him my past restaurant work experience and that i simply used to live near the border in California and adore mole. He nodded and then shook his "Oh good, but you know, it is a hard dish for people around here." he said this with a twinge of sad. And it is, probably because one of its main ingredients is chocolate, but not knowing that when you first take a bite you would never know. Its that unctuous flavor and texture that the chocolate that lends that really lifts up the encyclopedia of spices in it, and the more exposure people get to it the better I say, because its truly an amazing sauce. 

This place is on the top pile of restaurants in my books. Even though I've only had one visit. This place is no pretend, not trying to pass off food that only alludes to a place. This is real. "I only want to eat what I used to eat on the street in my country" The owner said, as if a half-complaint, talking to himself and us as we parted ways.
