8nNB_yG1gzVpbqNH2EBucg I would like to thank Z for destroying my anniversary celebration. My wife has many many food allergies. So we don't go out too often. But when we do Z was one of our go to places. They used to have a gluten free menu. But they changed to a menu where they at least put a symbol by plates that were. They even once invented a dessert just so my wife could enjoy too. I was always impressed and that's why we came here.

First they sit us butted up against the service line. It was so loud I could not even hear my wife. Then I noticed a disturbing trend. The wait staff used right behind my head as a good place to hold meeting. Those meeting dealt with complaining, a LOT. Throw in some F-bombs and other language fit for a Waffle House and I was starting to get annoyed.

Then we notice, huh there are no markings on the menu for gluten free anymore. Well our waitress was BRAND NEW. I could see her shaking. She was sweet but the vibe of fear was coming through. My wife asked if she could ask what was up. Out comes a lady who said she was there 14 years. She tells us they just changed the menu MONDAY and this was the first time anyone noticed they forgot to mark things for gluten free. Now I am not sure how you miss this or if you are telling me this just to make it look like an over site? Are they going to REPRINT all the menus?

So we ask about fajitas for my wife, USUALLY they are a safe thing and she gets some meat and ton of vegetables. She eats very healthy and simply and understands she might not get the fanciest dishes. The lady comes back after a good wait and says the chef does not know what is in the marinade. THE CHEF DOES NOT KNOW WHAT IS IN THE FOOD. So now I am done. I think they have finally just decided to go the Chilis route. Order frozen stuff, heat it up and pass it off as home made. Well I am sorry, I am ok with that if I am paying 10.99 a plate. But that is NOT Z Tejas. We got up and left and more than likely won't be back.

So if you USED to go to this place because of your food allergies I would think again. I am saddened because we have lost a good place. They used to be so darn nice and accommodating to my wife. I have been known to leave 25% tips here because they always took that extra step to help my wife and I really appreciated it. I have an idea this is what we will see more of because it is hard paying your staff the new minimum wage and not raise the prices. Just wished we would have known before they ruined my anniversary.
