8ou6p7T-3KaNOhDeln3Ccg With all of the options in or around Rocky River for tex-mex (Chipotle, Qdoba, Moe's, the soon to open Bomba Tacos), I just wasn't impressed with Fresco and probably won't make a second trip any time soon. Don't get me wrong, the food was okay, but I suppose I prefer food that tastes better than okay. I like the kind of food that makes you happy you have leftovers, the kind of food that you crave and think fondly of, the kind of food you tell your friends about. I didn't get that here.  

Fresco takes over the short lived Mad Tex Burgers N' Mex in the Beachcliff plaza. Walking in you've got the standard set up and decor for fast casual dining. The place is new, clean, and the staff friendly, but unless you're talking to the manager don't expect them to know much about the menu as they are still learning it so be patient. Portion sizes and prices aren't bad, you're going to pay about $7 for a Chipotle sized burrito. They do have a salsa bar, but so does Moe's in North Olmsted. 

Now the food: I got the Fresco Burrito with the addition of sauteed peppers and onions. Although big, this burrito lacked flavor and left me disappointed. In addition to the rice, chicken, and sour cream, there was a very thin layer of refried beans, very little pico de gallo, MIA lettuce, MIA shredded cheese, and MIA queso fresco (those things might have been in there, but since I couldn't see them or taste them, I'm saying MIA), plus the burrito was so dry inside that I had to break open my burrito and add a couple 1.5oz containers of the fresh tasting salsa from the salsa bar. If you're getting this to-go, word of caution, they dump the chips on top of the burrito in the bag so good luck with that. 

I also sampled the Pulled Pork Tacos (3 for $8) which are labeled as award wining, but I didn't see any information on what award was won? The soft tacos were better than the burrito, but I wouldn't call the meat juicy or flavorful. In regards to the Fire Roasted Poblano & Jalapeno Bites (pretty much jalapeno poppers), they had a little kick and were good with the creamy cilantro sauce. You get 5 in an order for $6.

All in all, I hate that I can't leave a better review for this family owned business, but the food was just basic and lackluster in my opinion. They are new so maybe I just came in on an off day so I might eventually try them again. Listen, I love food, and I have definitely eaten more than my fair share of dishes at hundreds of places, I just think there's a lot of competition out there with similar offerings and if I'm going to spend my money then I want something that stands apart from the rest and is full of flavor. Sorry, Fresco :(

****UPDATE
The owner reached out to me in a private message that was very polite, addressed any issues I had, and offered to make up for a mistake in my meal (apparently I was given the wrong burrito). I greatly appreciate businesses that take the time to listen to customers and truly want them to have a great experience. Because of this I am raising my two star review to a three star and will definitely be back to give the food another shot (waiting a couple months so they can settle in a bit more).

As for the award, they competed with over 25 restaurants at the Grill for Good in Kent in 2013, to win first place for their pulled pork, all the while raising over $10,000 for the Coleman Foundation, based in Kent. They got the same award in 2014 for their barbacoa.
