95CCHowiE0W_ovv5-9lQAQ I sort of dread that time of time of day when the ever so mass thought provoking is asked...."So, where are we gonna eat?"  Such a question can often result in an indecision, disagreement, waffling, hate, depression and sometimes joy and happiness.  No one really ever wants to be responsible for decision of that magnitude.

I threw out my choice and attempted to stick to my guns but then something strange happened....What's this!  My boss, a non-yelper (but enjoys the benefits of reading the reviews of others) pulled out his smart phone and fired up the oracle that is yelp and said, "How about Fat Boy?"

Rarely do we make it over to this side of town and because he yelped it, I could not refuse and it is a damn good thing I offered no resistance.

Fat Boy is a small and somewhat obscure business located in the Northeast corner of Stewart and Lamb.  God, knows I would never of found it or had the pleasure of dining there had it not been for yelp and my bosses determination to not dine at another establishment.

Be WARNED!  The inside is rather small but then again so is the pearl inside inside an oyster.  One might want to call ahead to know if it's busy inside.  We arrived at or around high noon and were able to get a table for five, as another group was leaving.  I noticed there a lot of take out action occurring.

The menu has much to order in way of traditional American i.e., burgers and such.  There is also a few Mexican items to order along with pizza.

I went with the with double cheese "boyger" which consisted of two (what appeared to be) home made patties.  I also threw on a fried egg along with some bacon for goos measure.

This burger is on the top of my list of BEST burgers I have ever eaten.  Everything was super fresh and an absolute JOY to eat.  I watched friends devour the monster version of this "boyger" and was initially jealous and wanting more.  However, on this particular day, I was happy with what I ordered.

The "Chencho Fries" were a nice compliment to meal.  Steak or skinny fires smothered with a sort of green sauce with chicken and cheese.  Delicious!

FB has been around for five years and because of yelp, I have only recently discovered it.  If I had been aware of existence when it first opened....I am sure I would have already had my first and possibly second heart attack.

I am destained to tempt such a fate again in very near future.
