9KeJfn7-6DFfUFoZLu_DNQ Location: On Union between Ste. Catherine and René-Lévesque. If you find parking on Union, you're lucky - it's construction central right now. You may luck on either street above/ below Union but that'll depend on your timing. Check the meters for restrictions. 

The place: I love it. It reminds me of a humble beach shack that you'd find in Mexico or California. Escondite boasts a super cozy, warm vibe without any pretense. Dimly lit, wood, cozy seating and great art scattered across the room. Admittedly, one of the reasons I wanted to check this place out is because local artist Miss Me painted a massive mural at the back of the room and I needed to snap it. It totally rocks - you should check it! We went on a Thursday night so it was a little loud but we had no issue with this. 

The goods: My fellow Yelper and I both ordered the Mojito del'King and HELLO, we weren't disappointed. It was awesome. The fresh mint was a great touch. On the menu:

Guacamole w/home-made tortillas: Very good. The guacamole could have used a bit more seasoning but this probably comes down to personal preference. The tortillas were crispy and light, but not oily.

Baja tacos (crispy cod, avocado crema, cabbage slaw): Great! The fish was flaky and perfectly cooked.

Ceviche de Camarones (plantain shrimp ceviche, cucumber, red onion, Serrano, oranges, plantain): Delicious! I think this was my favorite dish - it was light and fresh, and bursting with flavor. 

We also had a beet salad that I don't see on their online menu. It was pretty good. For dessert, we had Churros with Nutella - YUM!

Service: Because I procrastinated in writing this review, I forget our waiter's name. All I can say is that he was awesome. Super friendly, knowledgeable and willing to make suggestions. This guy knows what customer service is all about. 

Price point: With tip, it cost each of us about $44. While this is a tapas place, I found the portions to be pretty generous, and I'd say that if you were solo, you could easily get by on 1-2 tapas. Unless you're like, a Sumo wrestler. Then you might want to order more. 

All in all, a great spot in the downtown core.
