9pWzjhdrPgsZEmF7-QOaIQ I used to really enjoy this place, but my last two experiences here has really killed it for me. Wherever I eat, I always ask for no onions. I know this annoys some, but I am not the only person in the world that cannot eat an ingredient. And I will eat ANYTHING! Just not onions. 

When I started coming to Tacos 101 I would request that they omit the pico de gallo because I can't eat onions. Every time they had a hard time understanding what I meant. I know, it must have sounded insane to ask for tacos with no pico de gallo. And I would have loved tomatoes etc. on my taco, but I know the onion is mixed with it already. Anyway, most of the time they got it right. My order would always be a fish taco and an al pastor. The fish taco would come with cabbage and mayo, and the pork would have an avocado spread, cilantro and pineapple. 

Two weeks ago I ordered 4 tacos to go, and asked that two have no onions. I explained it several times to the guy making the tacos and the girl at the cash. I knew they understood because they spoke in Spanish, I am Spanish, so I understood the order she gave the cook. Feeling confident that it would all be okay, I took the tacos to go, and when I opened them with my boyfriend, only one had no onions, so my boyfriend ate my second one. They messed up the order even after breaking it down in two languages.

For the first time today I ordered tacos from Tacos 101 using a delivery service, and in the section where you are supposed to give the restaurant instructions, I asked, in caps for no onions. When I received my order, every taco was swimming in onions. Immediately after seeing them in there, I became sick and had to throw them out. I contacted the delivery company and they asked the restaurant to make them again. The new order had tortillas, pork and fish. No toppings!! Are you kidding me???!!! I literally got four dry tacos. Not even herbs!

This experience made me feel like they were insulting me and mocking me. I am not a picky eater. There is just one thing I cannot eat. Please have some respect. 

Needless to say, I am never returning. What a shame.

Update: I lied - the last four tacos did have some toppings buried in it - chunks of raw white onion. Wow
