9wS_BQBh9VGEb0645XBrhA My friend wasn't feeling well and went by myself.  They were closing early for a private party but arrived around 6 pm (2+ hours before closing).
Not sure who was my server, seemed like I was being bounced around between 3 servers.  They were all male.  Seemed like they wanted to rush me out because I don't drink alcoholic beverages.
Once my order was taken food came quickly.  Food was very good. Not the run the mill same ole Mexican restaurant. Price is reasonable for a good portion.
Couldn't finish dinner and put left over in a take home container.  And ordered flan, because I heard theirs is excellent.  It was gritty. The server said they were slammed on flan and this was the third batch today. Half way through found the perfect silky and creamy flan.  The cooks had rushed the tempering of the eggs and curled part of the flan base. I ate around the "perfect" flan leaving it for last. 2/3 was curled or gritty and 1/3 was silky.  The flavor was excellent but disappointed because of the gritty part.  I would have accepted "sold out" instead of "less than perfect" and ordered a different dessert.
I asked the server not to clear the table because I needed to use the restroom. Returning to my table it had been cleared with left overs taken away. The server brought it to me upside down, he obviously took out of the garbage.
This I why I gave 2 stars.  I usually don't leave poor reviews, however the restaurant was half empty, they rushed me and didn't leave my food on the table.  
I should have been given an apology and credit on my next meal and not my food pulled from garbage.
I placed a 23% tip on the check before going to the restroom.  I had planned to, but didn't, leave some additional cash because I worked my way through college on tips.
I am not sure whether this had anything to do with the service, but servers kept speaking to me in Spanglish.  I informed them that I don't speak Spanglish. And they gave me a "sour face".
I am going to give them one more try next time with a friend...
