a192hdM0_UVCYLwPJv1Qwg I used to come here all the time. About 2 years ago some change happened with the cooks or food they order, I don't know but it clearly was NOT as good as it was befor. Well one day I walk in there with my wife for a quick lunch on a Sunday and ordered a large  Menudo and i orderd enchiladas for my wife. We didn't finish all of the food because it wasn't that good. ( it just tastes like stereotypical fast Mexican food now)  When the waiter came and picked up the plates we did not complain but he asked us whether we liked the food or not because most of it was still on the plate. I told him I didn't like it and I have been eating there for years and to me it just wasn't as good as it used to be. I guess he goes and tells the owner's daughter who was the supervisor for the shift at that moment,  but she comes over tells us she is the owners daughter ..... she is the rudest person I have ever encountered. She told me I was wrong because EVERYBODY else was eating their food and nobody was complaining. I told her I wasn't trying to complain,  the waiter asked me why I didn't finish the food and I was honest I had been going there for four or five years at that point and do not plan on returning. The owners daughter is ghetto and come off as a spoiled brat. I did not need to know your DADDY owns the restaurant. But very well, I will never spend another dollar in that restaurant and will tell everyone I know not to eat the. That girl was so unbelievably rude. When I go and eat out at a restaurant if I don't like something I never complain. But this experience required a pretty long complaint on Yelp seeing how I felt as if she will scolding me and my wife in front of the rest of the customers and I was very embarrassed. It was just crazy, I didn't ask her for a replacement meal, I didn't ask for her to take it off the bill, I didn't ask for a refund but just because I didn't finish my food she felt the need to come over and tell me I was wrong for not liking the food. What is that? Save your money and go eat somewhere else where they know how to treat customers right. There are plenty of better Mexican Restaurants in Las Vegas.
