a8pmtlVKf7NiSLI-4KejIw I was in Toronto this past weekend visiting my cousins and we went to the Holiday Market down in the Distillery district.  They were raving about this place for brunch, so we decided to go there.  The wait was pretty long as they have a large outdoor patio and a pretty large interior dining area.  We opted to sit inside as the line was shorter, which was a bit odd, considering how cold it was, but hey - we'll take it!

They have a very small/narrow entrance way, that was filled with a couple of strollers, making it difficult for people to walk in and out.  We waited about 5-10minutes and then got seated.  Their back wall, across the bar, is an awesome mosaic wall of skulls and 3-d murals/paintings.  The place is very open, but not too loud, with a large bar that runs across the entire front of the restaurant.

It was definitely very busy for a Saturday brunch around 2pm.  Our waiter came to fill our glasses with water and take our orders.  I opted for the Michelada and the huevos rancheros.  We also got guac for the entire table.

The guac and the drinks came out first, and the guac was decent.  We asked for it to be spicy, but I couldn't taste much of the peppers.  Also, not sure if this is how guac is supposed to be, but it was very liquidy/runny than the traditional chunky/thick guac I'm used to.  The cool thing is that the waiter made it in front of us using the traditional large thick guac bowl and a pestle.  The Michelada was one of the worst things I have ever drank in my life - it tasted like watered-down tomato juice with no flavor at all.  There was no spice and couldn't taste the beer if I tried.  I only drank about a third before I got so sick of it.  In hindsight, I should've sent it back and asked for something else, but at that point, I just didn't have the mood to drink anymore.

When the huevos rancheros came, we asked for hot sauce, and they brought out a little habanero sauce in a small bowl.  I asked a few different people if there were any other sauces until someone finally brought out a bottle of cholula.  I'm sorry, you cant' say you're an authentic Mexican restaurant with only one hot sauce that was super dark and tasted smoky with a light kick at the end.  Also, I'm pretty sure on of the servers/busboys was high because I asked him about sauce and he stared at me the whole time and then asked me to repeat myself.

The food was very..mediocre.  Not a lot to it, from a taste or ingredients standpoint, and I wasn't blown away by it.  I ate it because it was in front of me.  They are smaller portions compared to the states, which is completely fine since I rarely finish my brunch meals anyway.  There seems to be better options in this area for food.
