a8pmtlVKf7NiSLI-4KejIw Great Food, Awesome Atmosphere but terrible service, I don't know if our waitress Employee #11868 Laura D took on too many tables or what, she was never there for our table.  

First dish came out and it was the Costilla Corta, read the menu and it's at "for sharing" but it is just a bit bigger than a golf ball.  Ask the waitress how are we suppose to share it, and she looks at me weird and said "cut it and eat it".  

Second dish came the Fish Tacos, when we ordered it, she told me "it comes in 3s, I'll just add 2 more in there for ya", we are quite prepared that it's gonna charge extra which is normal, but she should let me know how much they are.  Had to guess it'll just be dividing the cost of 3 tacos and add 2 in there.  When the Fish Tacos came, it came with an added bonus of a piece of hair, you can tell that it's not Hair on your head.  we don't want to get into details about it, but after waiting yet another 10 minutes to spot Laura, we told her what happened and she did apologize (at least she did this right).  She also apologized for the wait as she is WAITING for a coffee to be made.  I asked for more water, didn't come.

Other foods came as well, but there isn't really anything special, details about the food at the bottom.

We ordered drinks after and waited ANOTHER 10 minutes for them.  I don't know what it is about their drinks, whenever someone orders them, it's like they have to wait at the bar or something for drinks.  I ask for water a second time, didn't happen.

Spotting her refilling water with a jug nearby, we ordered food a second time after all the dishes came out, she took our orders and left an empty water jug on the table all the way till the end of the meal even though she had came to our table a few times. 

We ordered the Huarache Albanil (chorizo), but a dish came that don't look at all like Chorizo, and the server that brought it to us called it some other name that I didn't catch and then I ask her if it is chorizo and she said "oh sorry, my bad, I meant to say Chorizo".  We weren't buying it, so we waited yet another 5 minutes to ask Laura, and she confirmed that it is the wrong dish and look it away.

I asked for water one final time with a tone of dissatisfaction, she came with water and an apology.  She admitted it was terrible service throughout the meal and want to make up for it with 2 treats for my mom and brother since it's their birthday.  It was 2 mini sponge cakes with whipped cream and some crumbled corn flakes on top.  It was an extra wet sponge.  Very sad.

I asked for the bill and checked the bill, I saw the two tiny 2inch treats on the bill at 7 bucks each!  I called her again and ask her what is this (pointing to the treats on the bill), she said "oops! that was embarrassing!"  Had I not check it, what would happen?

Finally, credit card machine.  She hand it over to be but STOOD right beside me when I enter tips and everything as if she is afraid of not getting any tips.  This is how terrible the experience was in terms of service.

Managers and bosses of this establishment should really fire these people if they want to improve and charge people the prices they are asking for.

Food was awesome, we ordered the following:

1. Guacamole en la Mesa - which isn't all that special.  Generous portion compare to all the other dishes.
2. Atun - Tuna Ceviche, it was ok.
3. Costilla Corta - a 24hr slow braised short rib on a menu that says "for sharing" and came out a bit larger than a golf ball.  Sure, flavours are there, but very dinky.
4. Pulpo Canitas - Confit of Octopus, This one is very good, very interesting flavours and sauces, worth it.
5. Huarache Albanil - Chorizo on a torilla.  What I love best about it is their black bean sauce, those are really nice.
6.  Baja Taco - GOTTA TRY IT, one of the best Fish Tacos I've eaten.  Although I had better at local Mexican Pubs, but this one is very good.
7.  Gobernador Taco- Great taste!  This lobster and shrimp taco is a must try! 

These two stars are for the great chefs behind the scenes.  Without them, it would be an awful double birthday dinner experience.
