AhPmh0NaRDbEYyhd9egzLA Unacceptable cold food and strange service model. Went to Joyride for dinner with my young children, wife and mother in law on Sunday night at 6:30. We were seated promptly in a booth, which was nice.  Friendly waiter introduced himself and took our drink order. Ordered mild guac with no chilis for the kids. Different server brought drinks and another brought guac with lots of sliced jalapeños on top. Had to pick them out. Thankfully no chilis in the guac so we didn't say anything. We waited 30 more minutes for the entrees to come out. Much like other reviewers, different person brought us each couple plates and drinks - very strange. When the entrees finally came the food was cold. I almost never complain or send food back. But when the Mexican corn came (arrived before the entrees) it was cold. We took a bite and asked to send it back. We asked someone who wasn't our server but hadn't seen him so didn't wait (entrees still not arrived so even more strange we were receiving a side so long before entrees). Grilled corn on the cob shouldn't be cold. I don't mean room temp because they plated it too early before they brought it to our table - it was clearly prepped/cooked some time long ago, refrigerated and then brought to us without re-grilling or warming for us. It was actually cold. The person we spoke with agreed and brought back another cold piece of corn. Not sure if it was the same one but it was clearly cold too - not even warmed. Irritated at this point. Then the entrees arrived. The braised beef taco was the same - not just room temp but was literally refrigerated cold, chilly to the touch. Cold beef in a supposedly warm dish is completely unacceptable. Fried fish taco was crispy but room temp at best. BTW - I understand how restaurants work. I don't expect them to be braising new beef in real time just for me. But if you're going to make it yesterday and serve it to me today, warm it in a pan/on a flat top or even put it under a heat lamp... something!!  At least pretend to serve freshly prepared food! Grilled shrimp in the shrimp taco was the same - clearly cooked some time very long ago and then topped for us but not even remotely warm.  After waiting so long and being served inedible entrees, the kids were tired and we were irritated and weren't going to wait any longer. We spoke with the manager and asked him to please give us some fresh, warm food to go - we were there for nearly an hour and we had had enough. I understand that lots of people like the cheap taco Tuesday deal at this place... But this was a really disappointing experience. Be warned. If you're not going for cheap drinks and drunk food, beware... You may get some very modestly re-heated corn and cold meat tacos.  This experience was all the more disappointing because we are huge fans of Postino and Churn. This was a fail from start to finish.
