ayaDm0WPZB0g0PYbGFkrzA I came here with a few friends on Friday for a late lunch, and we had a blast.  Let's start with the decor. The check in station is shaped like an avocado. It was super cute. The rest of the restaurant was beautifully designed with a full glass view into the kitchen, a huge bar with giant TVs, a stunning back wall, and a gorgeous wrap-around patio dinning area with a taco stand for late night festivities was the icing on the cake as far as decor goes. We started off with a guacamole. This whimsical, build our own guac using a bingo dauber to select our toppings like Pop Rocks, smoked salmon, crab, chapulines (crickets), bacon, roasted corn, and pomegranate just to name a few, was super fun.  We had to add Pop Rocks and chapulines to our guac because c'mon, who wouldn't!? We selected to have medium heat to our guac. The finished guac was a masterpiece. The chapulines had a salty, lime with chipotle flavors to them. The Pop Rocks added a fun element to our guac. Overall, it's a must order dish here. Next, we had the Mexican Pizza. The fresh veggies, the cheese, and the chorizo came together harmoniously in our mouths. This is a simple dish, but very refreshing. My all time favorite dish here so far has to be the pozole. I know what you all are thinking... pozole?? Yup, pozole!! The pork was cooked to perfection. The pieces were nice and tender. The hominy added a softer texture to the dish. The vibrant color from the red chili, the avocado, radish, cheese, and cilantro really brought this comfort dish home for me. My young friend, Mia, didn't want to try it, but wouldn't let go of the bowl once she did. She told the rest of us that she wasn't going to share :). The chorizo tacos definitely has the heat factor. One bite, and the heat from the habanero hits you instantly. Have your glass of Margarita in hand :).  Speaking of Margaritas, we ordered the  Berry Hibiscus, Mango, and house margaritas and they were the perfect summer drinks for us. For dessert, we had the house made grapefruit and key lime pie paletas, and churros. These two desserts really took us back to our happy childhood. We had so much fun trying out all the dishes. The staff here is terrific. Jesse, one of the managers, took the time to explain to us the meaning behind Casa Anejo, and menu. His knowledge of tequila will blow your mind, while his contagious smile, and cheerful personality will set your mood up for a happy experience. A special thank you goes out to Chef Drew for visiting us at our table to us  give his views on the dishes we ordered. To our assistant server, Connor, you were the best. We appreciate your wonderful service. A stunning place, delicious food with great service, I can't imagine spending Friday with my friends anywhere else. Until next time, stay amazing peeps!!
