BgQ5ob0QiZfO5YbgI7VyFw Visited Blue Adobe Grill for the first time a couple of weekends ago and I'm glad I did! It has been on my list if places to visit since I've moved to the Valley, but I'm not in Mesa often and to be honest, I was a little uncertain on what to expect given the nondescript exterior and location. I'm glad that didn't stop me this time!

Our server was very nice and made us feel welcome.  When we told him we were from New Mexico, he told us lots of folks from NM like their food.  We were do excited to see familiar things like "red and green chile" or "christmas."  The salsa and chips that came out at the beginning of the meal were complimentary and yummy.  I had a hard time deciding what to get because the menu was a little different than the average mexican or new mexican restaurant...they seemed a little more "gourmet" in their dishes.  My sis in law went with the green chile chicken enchiladas and I went with the chile rellenos.  Our meals came out promptly and looked awesome! My sister in law's first few words when biting into her enchiladas were "Mmmm....green chile....wow....look at all these big chunks of chicken...don't think I've seen enchiladas served with that much chicken before!" and her meal ended with "Hmm....I want to eat it all because it is sooooooooo good, but I'm getting full! I should save some for my hubby, but...it's so good...." She finally relented and portioned off a bit for her husband.  ;) 

I had just run a half marathon, so although I was starving, I filled up too quickly and only ate a few bites.  My dish included two huge chile rellenos encrusted with panko, stuffed with chorizo, cheese and beef (they said filet, but who knows...either way it was delish!) and it was divine.  I had mine served "christmas" style with both red and green chile on top.  Although the red chile wasn't like our traditional NM red chile (my sis in law and I both agreed that it had a more "smoky" flavor than our traditional chile), it was delicious and different and I loved it!  I took the leftovers home and they heated up beautifully in the oven and I was able to enjoy my meal a second time when my appetite returned.  

If you're looking for something a little different than your average 'mexican' restuarant, definitely check this place out.  If you're content and satisfied with the mexican chain restaurants...don't bother!  Leave this gem to the rest of us who will appreciate it!
