BgQ5ob0QiZfO5YbgI7VyFw I visited Blue Adobe Grille after Browsing local Mexican restaurants with decent reviews.  Although this place was not a complete nightmare I ultimately  left extremely disappointed and will never return again.  I will start with the positive and with the negative. 

1.) ATMOSPHERE-(5/5) The decor and atmosphere are great bringing out a culture rich ambiance. 
2.) SERVICE-(4/5) The Hostess and Server were prompt and attentive to refills, The server took time with to go over the menu with me and admitted when she didn't know something. My Food contained items that I asked to be left out. It's hard to say if it was her fault or the chefs. Although, I still would of appreciated it if she  would of checked with us after Immediately delivered the food and not 15 minutes later.  
3.) SIDE-FOOD & BEVERAGES-(3/5)  They serve untraditional  jalapeño salsa that did not taste bad Though I prefer normal salsa. Margaritas were pretty conventional and they only serve coke products but syrup and carbonation were mixed to the correct amount.
4.) PRICE/QUANTITY/-(2/5) Price was slightly above average  and did not match the expected quantity of  chicken Quesadillas I received. It seemed more like an appetizer then a meal and the sides came in super tiny cups. 
5.) MENUE/FLEXABILITY-(2/5) The nice thing about their menu is it's diversity the bad side of that is that there is not much of a selection for Mexican food. As far as flexibility They do not allow much as far as substitution for Toppings, sauces and sides. If it  is something they Allow you to substitute there will be an up-charge. 
6.)WAIT-TIME-(1/5) We had a total party of 3 and  I believe at the minimum it took them 45 minutes to get our food out. The place was not crowded and we ordered quesadillas which is not something that takes long to cook. 
7.)FOOD-(1-5) Here is the Biggest Reason why i had a hard time even giving this Place 2 stars. The Bristly Chicken In the small quantity of Quesadillas I recieved consisted of almost just FAT. Not only that but it was UNDERCOOKED as well.  My other family members  who ordered the samething  also had the same problem.  I had Already Waited almost an hour for my meal So I didn't send it back.
