bjbegGikWzSgeVsOJdE22g I want to start off with a disclaimer to this review: Everything stated in this review is out of pure love an appreciation for a small business. Thoughts of the restaurant are my own and none will be negative. With that being said let's get started. 

I was out with my wife and son last night. We were dropping off my older son with his grandma because she offered to take him for the night so they could spend time together (that's simultaneously relevant and irrelevant), I left my wife in the car for 5 minutes, we already had dinner plans but she ended up opening yelp and seeing that Chili Peppers averaged 4 stars for their ratings. We were already out Euclid so we went ahead and drove down to try them out.

We walked in and we said to ourselves "Ahhh maybe we should leave, it smells too good here", we knew we made a mistake by stopping. The interior is, it's an interior. They have a split dining area and at the time we went there the other half wasn't the tidiest. Now I cannot knock them on that and it is sometime good to see a messy interior. I say this because after we ordered our food. It got pretty busy so I understood why. The place is definitely popular. It's a build your own burrito style spot. You know a-la Chipotle, Qdoba. Etc. They have more options though being a smaller business. (side note: I hold small businesses under a different light than I do franchises, this place has stains all on their vent hoods, which made me happier than a tornado in a trailer park)
 
Oops, I think I'm rambling, on to the food. I ordered a grilled burrito, with chorizo, jalapenos, black beans, rice and banana peppers. My wife ordered their nachos with beef, and we ordered our son a soft taco. If I wrote this review solely based on my son trying to feed himself. I think I'd give them 7 stars. My son isn't a picky eater, but particularly he proves when something is especially good by yelling at everyone trying to say he needs more food. But this isn't his review, it's mine. The serving size is excellent for the price. My burrito was packed and it being grilled gave it a nice touch. The chorizo was flavorful, juicy, and the beans were excellent. My wife had nachos that just seemed to never end. I was kind of jealous that I got a burrito instead of nachos with chorizo. In any case I know what I'm getting next time. (There will definitely be a next time) I forgot to mention, the staff is friendly and they definitely make sure you understand what's going on. The atmosphere is cool. Relaxed y'know it has an inner city vibe which is a great change of pace from stuffy franchises. 

To close it up. If you're near Euclid, and you want to try something not necessarily different, but a little more homemade? Try chili peppers.
