bMSiHjs2fbKbBNPyuTwhHA If you are there now, STOP and RUN to Barrio. You are honestly just paying for the location. Everything else is blah! 

I apologize in advance for the dramatics but it is totally called for.
We had such high expectations because we heard the food was good and we were so let down! I really can't remember a time when I've had such bad service. First, We went on a Saturday night and expected to wait but because we heard the food was so good we thought it would be worth it. We ended up waiting about an hour and a half which wasn't so bad because there was a beer fest going on outside so we got drinks and walked around as we waited.
When we got our table we ordered chips and salsa which aren't complimentary--at a Mexican restaurant I thought that was insane. Then we got drinks. I got a margarita which was worth 2 stars alone. Everyone else ordered beers. Then we ordered our tacos. I ordered a shrimp and steak taco. The rest of the table tried the chicken, mahi-mahi, and cod. Here's the crazy part: we waited an hour and a half for our food to come!!!! The table of 5 next to us came, ate their burrito bowls, paid and left all in the time it took us to get our food!!!!!!  And the worst part was when the manager came to the table to tell us she was sorry and tacos take longer than burrito bowls to make. Really??? It's the same damn ingredients, just in a different form!! I feel like they could have brought more chips and salsa while we waited, at least! But who cares about good service, right?! Finally when our tacos came, they were missing a few (mine included). I mean if you're going to take THAT LONG, at least make sure it's right when it comes out!! 
When I got my taco, it was literally 2-3 bites per taco. They were so small and really only ok in taste! I decided to not order any more because I was ordering churros. I hadn't had any in so long and they are one of my favorite foods! So I ordered the churros and wait. Eventually our checks come about 20 min later and the churros aren't on there. I asked the server if she put the order in, and big shocker SHE DIDN'T. It was heartbreaking. I asked her how long it would take if she put them in now for takeout and she came back and said there were some orders before me. That didn't seem fair because I HAD ordered a while back! And at that point, I was done. 
Final notes: the only comped us 20% for our meal from that fiasco. I would give them 0 stars if I could. The only redeeming qualities were the chips and the cool location. 

Seriously, stick with Barrio!!
