bMSiHjs2fbKbBNPyuTwhHA This is my first Yelp review, but because of the horrible service and bad food at Coastal Taco, I felt it was necessary. Saturday at 5:30, the place was packed. Very lively, great crowd, amazing views, great patio to sit on and chat with friends. That's where the positive ends. 

I know the place is new, but I still think there should be more of an effort put into it. The place is chaotic and not at all organized. The hostesses blend in with patrons, so you have to just look for a confused girl with an iPad if you want a table. The wait is long, but that is expected. Service was absolutely awful. Our "server" was useless, unfriendly, and borderline rude....it was as if this was her first serving job, and it should be her last. No help with explanations of food items, and she was definitely acting as if waiting on tables was an inconvenience to her. Looked at our checklist order sheet and was bitchy when she couldn't read the markings. Not one nice thing to say about her. Someone else brought our food, she stopped back once and you could tell it was killing her to ask how we were doing. Being a server myself, I know that service can make or break a place. A restaurant like this COULD be lucrative for servers, but not the ones we observed. We finally had to find the server and give her money so we could leave. Over-tipped her, because I'm sure it would take forever to get change. Hopefully that tip motivated her to maybe attempt being even SOMEWHAT pleasant?

The food was not good. Tiny tacos thrown together. Meat was chewy, food was flavorless... I would not order food here again. My friend got one of the bowls, and it was okay, but nothing special at all. 

Bussers walked around the patio a couple of times to clean up empty glasses and trash. However, it wasn't enough. Lots of stuff that needed picked up, but not enough clearing of seats/tables. I saw a ton of employees, none that seemed particularly rushed or enthusiastic. Maybe pay a few HARD workers who like money, instead of a bunch of lazy people who like slacking?

The bartenders work their asses off so they are one of the few positives. Again, the place is chaotic and disorganized, but they hustle. Drinks are fine, prices are pretty much on point with the area. 

The patio and view at Coastal Taco is amazing, but the food, and especially the service, is horrible (pretty much a theme with the reviews). Because of this, I would go back only to hang out and have a drink or two with friends before moving on to a better establishment.
