BWsCjBVMR289vtojIz-gWw AH! I WILL NOT eat at this Cafe Rio location anymore! I just moved back to Arizona from Utah and thought Cafe Rio would be the same here, but it most definitely is not. I don't know who the hell is running this location, but I won't come back anymore for several reasons. The food is good (even though the prices are higher now and the portions are WAY smaller), but holy smokes does the customer service SUCK. It's on a whole other level of suckiness. This location has consistently gotten my orders wrong or I've called in ahead of time and my order still wasn't ready when I got there. What's the point of call ahead people? But mostly, it's just the customer service that is so bizarre. I have never been treated so poorly at a restaurant in all my life! I have yet to interact with a nice employee down there. It gets worse every time I go in, whether that's through the line or for pick-up.

A few weeks ago, I called in a pick-up order because I was going to have my dog in the car with me and I just wanted to quickly run in. I called ahead and they told me my order would be ready in 20 minutes. I get down there 20-25 minutes later and it's totally dead. I go pay for my order and then realize they hadn't even starting making it. So then I continued to wait as they moved with little urgency to finish my order. Like how is my order not ready when it's this slow? There's basically no point in calling ahead then! 

Then today, I called in a pick-up order. I go in, pay, and pick up my food. Luckily it was ready (or so I thought) when I got there. I get to my car and realize there is NOTHING  on my tostada. Not even dressing. Just lettuce, meat, and the tortilla. So I run back and tell the girl at the register, who seems genuinely pissed at me for bringing back my order that they messed up on. She says nothing, takes my plate, throws it down the line, they put the toppings on, and hands it back to me. No sorry for the inconvenience or have a good day or anything. No words came from her mouth. It was so bizarre. 

The thing is, these two instances are not the only times that I've received an incorrect order or experienced shitty customer service. They just happen to be the two instances I wanted to share today. I'd consider myself pretty nice and really patient if you happen to mess up on my order or if it's not ready the second I get there. I understand mistakes happen and timing doesn't always work out. But when it happens over and over again, or there's little urgency or rush (especially when the store is already slow), and then you're rude to me time after time, I'm sorry, but I can't give you my business anymore!

I keep thinking it will be better every time I go back and I've continued to give them chances, but I refuse to visit this location anymore. Every experience proves to be worse than the last. And it's freaking unfortunate that this location is the closest one to my house. 

Point of the story, do NOT go to this location!!
