-6tvduBzjLI1ISfs3F_qTg 3.5 stars

A group of 4 - about $75 
On our table: 
Mexican street corn
Vegetarian tacos
Crispy fish taco
Carne asada taco
Carnitas taco
Nachos
Beast burrito 

Drinks: 
Almond horchata
Rosemary mint tea
Iced tea
Coke

The atmosphere: The atmospheric here is cool. It had outdoor seating and indoor seating, tables and chairs and some booths with pops of color here and there. The seats are adorable. The only odd thing was that I sat back to open water pitchers and if I had left my hair down I may have been able to get in another bath for the day. They have outdoor seating and on a less windy day I would have enjoyed our meal outside but I like my food hot when it's suppose to be hot. 

The service: I don't know who our server was. A younger guy came and took our drink order and another brought out our drinks and then a young lady came and took our order and the younger guy came to take our order again then someone else brought our food. We had water refilled but not offered to refill our soda.. They did continually bus our table as we finished plates though.   I think the only highlight of the service was the last guy came to talk us into desserts and named every ingredient for each dessert like his life depended on it but couldn't sell us on it but did sound good. So right here is where a part of my 3.5 star review came into play. Honestly if there was a good flow here I think lunch would have been better but in their defense they were absolutely nice. Just not attentive and no communication between each other.  

The food: 
Mexican street corn was probably the only thing I'd come back for. 

My hubs did enjoy his beast burrito. 

The tacos were really the only thing we had come here for in the first place but they didn't hit the mark. Maybe I'm not used to cold food, maybe the the corn tortillas is supposed to be that thick? Is this typical & I just don't know good tacos when I see them? I've eaten a lot of tacos in my life (it shows) and these were ok but not wow. The crispy fish taco I think could have been really good but was a tad too salty but at least it wasn't greasy and rubbery. 

The nachos lacked cheese. I think good nachos should have good coverage, layered for every chip to hang out with some cheese, a protein and pico. A good nacho can then have a cohesive marriage. These nachos were in a long distance relationship.

What I like is going places that have a vegetarian menu. This place offers such but the offerings  taste-wise were just okay.

The horchata - technically our only specialty drink. It was ok - not overly sweet but idk if it was too nutty with the almonds for my taste. It almost had a nutmeg flavor in it and maybe I'm just used to a more cinnamon-y rice drink. 

So overall it was ok all around. Not overly disappointed when we left but not excited for another visit here. 

Would I recommend? There's potential. The location is great. The people are nice. The food could be better and customer service could be better. -----but no I probably wouldn't recommend or bring my friends here if they were craving Mexican fare.
