cdkzUI1tXc8rUMF33iKMlg My son and I went to Vida Vida Friday evening. It is a very laid-back restaurant. You seat yourself and you can even fill out your order using a notepad at the table. I don't know if people ever actually do that. We just utilized the services of our friendly server. We ordered nachos with beef as an appetizer and two tacos each. I chose the Red Chile Chicken Taco and the BLT Taco. My son chose the Red Chile Chicken Taco and the Taco of the Month, which was a Southwestern taco. Our server asked if we'd like the nachos first and I said we would. Oh well. Everything came at once. That's really not a big deal to me, especially since it was all ready so quickly, but I know that's an issue for some people. 
I was immediately disappointed with the nachos. It consisted of a large pile of chips with a small scoop each of beef, pico de gallo, and guacamole. The queso was not visible. There were several abnormally large slices of jalapeno which needed to be cut up to be reasonably edible. The taste was wonderful but it was ridiculous that my son and I got about 4 chips each that had any topping. I asked the server if she could bring some more of the toppings to go with the rest of the chips. She sent the manager. The level of customer service we received was exceptional. I tried to make it very clear that I was not upset at all. I simply wanted a bit more topping. I wasn't looking for anything to be discounted. The manager was extremely considerate and understanding. He offered to send an entirely new order of nachos. I assured him that was not necessary, but he insisted. He was bothered that our dinner at Vida Vida had been less than perfect and wanted to make up for it. Again, this was unnecessary, but he wanted us to leave having had a wonderful experience. He really cared about that and it was very nice. He sent new nachos, which were perfectly done and when we got the check, we saw he had discounted our bill. This manager went above and beyond and because of how well we were treated, we will definitely be back.
As for the tacos... the Red Chile Chicken Taco was wonderful. My son and I both enjoyed that one. He said the Southwestern taco was not very flavorful. The BLT taco was not great to me but simply because the bacon had a strong "smoked" flavor and I don't care for smoked foods. It probably described it on the menu, but I just saw "BLT taco" and went for it. I also ordered one of their specialty drinks; an Orgasm #8 or something like that. It was very fruity and quite tasty. They could be rather dangerous. lol
Overall, the food is pretty good, but being treated like your business is appreciated is something special. Based on our experience, I will be back to try the other tacos and drinks and get some more nachos.
