cKgUCzMGuRgkbKXUsgeXUw At Barrio Queen, you'll find steep prices for delicious tacos. 

Oh, and if you're not dressed to impress like the local demographic, be prepared to get treated like a criminal-to-be. 

Dude and I were meeting up with a group of Yelpers for Name Twin Meghan L.'s sendoff before leaving warm, sunny Arizona for freezing tundra Wisconsin in June. 

We noticed that Brett B. had already checked in, so we assumed he and the Crew had already been seated. OK, no big deal, we'll go find where they're seated.

Upon arrival, we told the hostess that our group had already been seated and thought we were being polite by saving her some trouble and locating them ourselves. 

This woman was hot on our trail, following us with a sense of urgency that was borderline disgusting and completely insulting. 

Is it because we were in shorts and t-shirts and not in dress code? We were clean, showered and not sloppy looking. This is Phoenix Summer for Crissakes. 

Whatever, Brett B. and the Crew rolled up right as Crazy Woman herded us rough lookin' North Chandler Folk back to the front. 

Thoroughly miffed at this point, we got a table outside. 

Thankfully, our server was attentive and made up for Crazy Woman's (unacceptable) shenanigans. 

I forgot what kind of tequila was in the Skinny Chola Margarita, but it had me floored in minutes. 

I really enjoyed the chips and salsa here. Nothing too spicy, but an excellent flavor. 

Brett B. ordered some of the famous TEN DOLLAR, MADE FROM A SINGLE AVOCADO (per our server) Barrio Guacamole with pomegranate seeds that everyone raved about for us all to share. 

Uniquely tasty for sure, but based on price alone, I wouldn't order it again unless it were a group dining situation.

Dude and I both went with the 3 for $10 street tacos. 

I had the Cochinita Pibil (pork) Camaron Asado (grilled shrimp) and the Carne Asada y Chile Relleno tacos. 

I don't remember much about the Camaron Asado, but do remember the Chile Relleno one to be perfectly spicy. 

The Cochinita Pibil was the absolute winner of the night, marinated in some tangy yet sour orange juices and topped with orange pickled onions and pico de gallo. It made for the perfect variation in textures. 

Also, why aren't these tacos "doubled corn tortilla-ed" like typical street tacos? 

Get the Chipotle Mashed Potatoes for your side if you want to get away from the obligatory beans and rice. I can't speak for the Calabacitas, but Joycie Joyce Dubs' order looked great. 

While I enjoyed the ambiance, service, food and time with friends, I will NOT be returning to this location.

Why?

I met another friend at the Gilbert location the following week, where we were able to enjoy tacos and burritos sans harassment based on our appearances.
