CsS9WsonGYyE3vINi5bxSg I am always looking for the next greatest Mexican restaurant and I think I found my new favourite. As Playa Cabana's newest baby, Barrio Coreano definitely had a group of followers waiting to check it out, I being one of them! To be honest, Playa Cabana is not my favourite place for tacos in the city but they are very authentic Mexican and have the best quac. I was weary about the Korean-Mexican fusion but he minute I walked in I realized it really was Mexican with Korean flavour.

We got there at 7:30 on a Saturday and we were told that they don't reserve seats for walk-ins. I was very surprised, that is not normal practice in Toronto and even Playa Cabana often saves place for walk-ins. We waited half an hour at the door and finally squeezed our way into the bar. We grabbed a drink and was told that they had a table for us that would be ready in about another half-hour. I'll give them credit, for a restaurant that doesn't keep tables for walk-ins, they ensure that you aren't forgotten and do their best to accommodate you.

Food: SUPER gluten-free friendly (corn tortillas). Every dessert is gluten free (flourless chocolate cake, coconut flour cake, flan, and green tea ice cream).

Dave's Margarita: Strong and delicious! I nursed one all night long...

Hostesses: Very friendly and helpful. They knew we really wanted to sit at a table for dinner and kept an eye out on the tables to find us a spot. 

Atmosphere: Very similar to Playa Cabana's Cantina location - dark with the great neon signs; hipster but not overwhelmingly so that I (jeans and a cardigan) felt comfortable. Great bartenders, waiters and other patrons :)

Food....OH WOW. I was so impressed because as I mentioned, I am not a huge fan of Playa Cabana's tacos.

1) Grilled calamari: So good. Burnt arbol kimchi made this the best grilled calamari I've ever had! 
*Good portion to share.

2) Duck taco: FAK. Seriously this was amazing. I was a little nervous because I rarely eat duck and often the sauce that comes with it is heavy but this was delicious. The meat was tender and fresh. The sauce was full of flavour and light. They bring you this with 2 tacos - really helps to make sure you don't lose any of that duck!

3) Baha fish taco (grilled): I really appreciate that they are willing to do this taco grilled because most other tacqerias won't accommodate dietary restrictions and I never get to eat everyone's favourite taco!!! The taco was amazing. It was perfectly flavoured and piled to the max! My only complaint is that it was super soaked through the taco which fell apart immediately. I am all over messy food, and understand it's the taco way but it seemed to be at a different level.  I am not sure if they was because it was grilled, or if all of them are like that - but I would recommend asking for 2 tacos just so that one can hold it together. 

4) Coconut cake: WOW. Gluten free, made of coconut flour. It was small, dense and delicious!! Topped with whipped cream and I think there was a bit of ice cream too because it was cold. 
*Good portion to share.

I think they are continuing to figure out the menu. The beef tacos that people have pictures of are no longer on the menu. 

All in all I would highly suggest trying it...with a reservation!
