d_L-rfS1vT3JMzgCUGtiow FOUR STARS?? Are you guys nuts? Do you know what a food blight Vegas is? Sure there's tons of restaurants here but what about real, eatable food that nourishes you and the planet? It's mostly Sysco/Monsanto palaces.

If you like to eat healthy quality food, in Vegas there isn't much to find. It's so refreshing to enjoy Borders fresh, sustainable, ORGANIC with plentiful vegetarian options menu. This is a HUGE find. I've seen the ladies who own this place highlighted on tv and have long wanted to eat at one of their locations based on their commitment to quality ingredients. It did not disappoint, not one bit. We're both excited, and have planned to go back again on this trip. Btw if you're here with a conventioneer, the location is great for meeting.

I sat on the patio and watched the river floaters while I waited a good 40 minutes for my husband to join me. They did not mind one bit. My waiter was perfect balance of checking in and leaving us be. I enjoyed a great creative blood orange margarita (customized to low sweetness, none of that green mix, just fresh juices) and munched a few of the fresh chips and salsa  (the salsa could be better) while I waited. It was so pleasant the time seemed like a moment until my husband joined me. The waiter came by pretty soon to get his drink order, but still there was no pressure to hurry. I've found some rushing at other spots here at Mandalay Bay. It's uncomfortable.

I ordered the plantain empanadas! I ate the luscious plantain and black bean empanadas! I will dream of them. Ok I don't dream about food but they are delish. It's an appetizer but plenty for lunch. My husband orders a chili rellano every single time we get Mexican food. He can't get enough. So we're pretty versed in the good and the bad of rellanos. We dislike the puffy puffy sloppy, greasy egg batter type. Borders isn't that. Oh it's egg but a nice thin, tasty almost crispy exterior. Boy did he love it! The rice and black beans were tasty tasty too, and since they have their organic sustainable vegetarian blurb right on the menu, I didn't have to quiz the waiter on lard or meat broths. Yep fresh clean eatable nourishing foods, done so well. We immediately decided we'd have our last lunch here too.

I think the reason this jewel has only four stars is that some folks aren't well really most folks aren't used to eating real, fresh, whole foods. That's a shame. What's been done to our food system by Monsanto is a terrible shame. It's a challenge to eat with nutrients in mind, but easy here disguised a California Mexican food. It's like sushi you feel so great after your meal instead of being bogged down. 

I read they bring a green tamale sample if you do a yelp check in. I wonder how that works. I'm just geeky enough to try it. See you on the patio Thursday after check out, I'm sure I'll be there for two hours!

Baaack four days later enjoying another lunch in the shade. Kale salad was wonderful today (those cotija croutons are crisp niceness) and my husband's fish tacos perfectly cooked! And it is true if you help check in you do get a nice small green corn soft tamale which is delicious. Since I was early again waiting for my husband it was like a tiny breakfast course! Oh and we loved the bean dip though we couldn't finish it. Thanks Tiffany for another leisurely lovely lunch date!
