D3MfMrIoNV4_aXPj0bi1BQ Cleveland is a cesspool of Mexican/Southwest restaurants that all have different names, but the exact same menus with the same crappy ingredients. Does nobody else notice this?? People actually argue which ones are better, without realizing that IT'S ALL THE SAME GARBAGE. And all of their margaritas consist of tequila, bottom shelf triple sec and sour mix, with maybe a little lime (or whatever fruit you want) juice squirted in. Sour mix does not belong in a margarita. It's filler. It's the pink slime of margaritas. 

But not at Lopez. The margaritas at Lopez are the best I have ever tasted, with real, high quality ingredients. "Not as good as Momocho," you say? You're wrong. Momocho has terrific margaritas, but they are a close second to Lopez. Bourbon is my poison, but a Lopez blood orange margarita would be an impossible cocktail to turn down if given a choice between the two. 

On to the food. The chips are perfect, and I enjoyed the salsa. Salsa is like pickles. Some people like dill pickles, some like sweet. There are the weirdos who eat bread & butter pickles, and some people absolutely hate salt-brined pickles - which ironically is the true kosher pickle. Anyway, the point is that every person likes their salsa prepared differently. Lopez's salsa is on the watery side (I do prefer it thicker), but the flavor was very good. They have a great selection of tasty guacs as well if watery salsa truly offends you. The smoked brisket enchiladas is a huge portion of tender brisket and flavorful sauces that combine perfectly. The night we went, there was some kind of habanero soup on special and I went for it. Great idea. Wow. I wish I knew when they were serving it again. 

So stop ordering the #104 Speedy Gonzalez at your favorite crappy restaurant and try something original at Lopez. The food and drinks are a bit pricey, but you get what you pay for, and a nice atmosphere to boot. The bar is impressive, and they patio is one of my favorites. Go there and at least have a margarita. Or four margaritas, and a cab.
