DaVTuhzi6EgWStb2eAjNjA I fully believe Presidio to be overrated, fast-casual restaurant, but it's got some good items so it's cool. 

The good: Shrimp tacos were flavorful. Having the tiniest shrimp ever didn't stop them from grilling them with plenty of spice. The aioli was bursting with flavor as well, even if it was on the verge of stealing the show. And at $4 a pop, ordering several of these is probably the most expensive thing you can do here, meaning this is quite the affordable option. The horchata is only lightly sweet and tastes like rice (as opposed to milk), which is how it should be!

The bad: There were two salsas. Like WTF? Only two? That's a major violation in this town. A so-so green salsa that was playing it safe and didn't add much. And the salsa de arbol was the most bland of its kind I have ever seen. I have literally, in the dozens of Mexican restaurants I've reviewed here, NEVER had salsa de arbol that was not even remotely spicy. I didn't think it was physically possible, but Presidio managed. What a disappointment. Additionally, everything is a la carte, with apparently no options to make anything a combination (i.e. add chips and salsa or beans and rice) which is kinda lame, but I'll survive. The soft, intimate atmosphere will fool you into believing it's a real sit-down place, but they're really just taking your order at the front and handing you your stuff like 5-10 minutes later. It's a notch above fast food so don't get your hopes up too high. 

The ugly: Worst al pastor I can readily recall. Was this really marinated, or did y'all just coat it with a dusting of chili powder as it came off the grill? Also, I am sure that canned pineapple would compliment this well in a taco, but is definitely not good in the (seemingly) canned beans that comprised about 75% of this burro. I was desperately dousing it in salsa, and it didn't help. Kinda like the opposite of what happens when you reach for water after a REAL salsa de arbol. 

I am so down to come back for the tacos, and I trust they'll be made well. Additionally, I like your staff, and am happy everything moves along swiftly. I'd come here again.
