DEF77d-_S0UT2OI-njM5fQ This is another place where I wish I could give the service and food 2 different ratings.
The service here was fantastic - 5 stars. Our server was attentive, and made great recommendations. My table was very needy, and he did not seem to mind at all, and really seemed to enjoy his job. A++ for effort. The ambiance was fun. This is definitely a hipster-y place with succulents in the tables and Edison bulbs.
The food...was worse than mediocre, and we ordered quite a few items. I'm about to kind of rip them apart, and I'm sorry for that. 
Street corn - DELISH! So amazing. Possibly the only good dish we ate. 
Crab Rangoon Nachos - These were interesting. I'm not sure I found any crab, and there was little Rangoon. It was mostly slaw. The chili sauce tasted like any other sauce you buy at a store. We basically ate slaw with chili sauce. 
Smoked Pork Quesadilla - This could have been good. The pork was nice, but a little bland. The problem with this was nothing was mixed together, so with each bite you got a different component of the quesadilla, instead of having bites with all the good stuff. So the first few bites were torilla and cheese. The next were tortilla and pork. The last were tortilla and veggies. If they were mixed together it probably would have been good, even if the pork lacked flavor. 
Smoked Chicken Wings - These were like regular wings. Again, the sauce tasted generic like it came from a bottle. They were chewy too, so I'm guessing they should have been cooked longer which was kind of scary. The "scallion crema" sauce was just plain yogurt. 
Clam Chowder - Very thin, and not chowder-like at all. Again, bland. 
Spicy Korean Pork Tacos - I like the idea that they are served in lettuce. The execution needs work though. They don't use 1 large piece of lettuce for each taco, but multiple small pieces, making them even messier than they already are. The pork used here was the same pork from the quesadilla, and still bland. It seems like they make a huge batch of pork and use it in everything. The kimchi was hard to eat. Literally. It was in HUGE pieces, and impossible to bite through (or even cut through). No bueno. 
Pork Belly Bahn Mi - The baguette was nice and crunchy. The texture was great, and I love the spicy mayo. No one at my table actually had any pork in their piece, though. It was all fat. I'm aware that pork belly is very fatty...but usually there is a little hunk of meat in there. Not in our piece! I couldn't even eat it. I 
After all of that disappointment, we decided not to get dessert. Basically, it was all extremely disappointing. And some of it was just downright gross. Bear & Bottle is on my list of places not to go back to.
