DMmeFKsUuMl0kDy7Zd7W3A This has been the worst experience I have ever received at a business establishment. So much so that I feel obligated in writing my first Yelp review in the five years since I've been a member.. 

This is how the story goes:

My girlfriend and I arrived on Saturday 8/26 to watch the Mayweather/McGregor fight. Prior to arriving we called ahead to ask for the cover prices. We were told $10 at 4pm then $20 at 5pm and $30 after 6pm. So fast forward to arriving at the entrance BEFORE 5pm and to my surprise we were told we had to pay $20 since it was beginning to get "unexpectedly" crowded. So after we agree to reluctantly pay the cover, we were then told by the hostess that we were highly unlikely to get a table/seats. Granted, this was after we had already payed the cover charge to get in fully expecting to at least be able to sit at the bar. As we enter we realize how insanely crowded it is with no open seats in sight. We could not even order drinks at the bar because it was so crowded. After a brief browse around the area we came to the conclusion that it was just too crowded and it wasn't worth it to stand for who knows how long and wait for open tables/seats. By then we're both irritated and decide to leave after a few minutes of searching for open seats and squeezing through the crowd. 

At this point, we arrive back home (no more than 10 minutes from Sandbar). Still irritated by the fact I had spent $40 for feeling totally uncomfortable and for something I didn't even receive (watch the fight), I call Sandbar in hopes of receiving a refund. We speak to a woman and let her know our situation. She tells us that they should be able to refund us, however because it was too busy they wouldn't be able to do it that day and to call and speak to a manager tomorrow. We make sure to let her know that we would be able to drive back and show our receipt if that would make it easier, but she continues to encourage us to call and speak to a manager tomorrow. 

So we call back the next day to speak to a manger, however we are told that the manager who handles refunds was not there and to call back tomorrow. 

So then we call back the following day, and to our surprise the manager who handles refunds was still not there and that he would be in the next day.

It's now Tuesday, and thankfully the manager we are waiting to speak to, Steve, is finally in. My girlfriend explains the situation and how we've been waiting days to speak to him and get our refund. Initially, Steve offers to give us a $40 gift card, however at this point we just want our money back. Steve tells my girlfriend he will call her back to let her know his verdict. Finally he calls back and VERY RUDELY tells her that he is NOT going to refund our money and even goes as far to take the $40 gift card off the table. He tells her that at this point, if we are going to want a refund, we must call corporate and immediately hangs up the phone. 

So officially pissed off at this point, I call corporate and leave a message with Natalie explaining the situation. She tells me that I should receive a call back tomorrow. And now the waiting game begins.....
*This review will be updated as soon as I hear back from someone.*

NOTE: This entire situation has been a mess, and if the owners/leaders of this establishment had any sense of integrity towards their patrons, they would make this right!
