DyOzNIeXUksPNLXYHnB-oQ Sabor is very capable of catering to my excruciatingly picky needs. As I am vegetarian my order does tend to be more complicated and many restaurants can get flustered and make awful errors in my food (looking at the noodle place that put small little bits of shredded chicken in my meal - like minuscule shreds - that I thought were other noodles. Not sure if mistake or just bitter chefs) that can make me sick or just make it take longer to get to my food because I send it back. Sabor employees are always willing to cater to my needs as far as altering my protein choices or anything else I request (within reason obviously.) 

Today, though, they went over the top to take care of me. I was walking my dog down Hawthorne and got the hankering for Sabor as we passed. So, because I have a dog, I called in and got a very pleasant young woman on the phone. I asked if I could order on the phone and if so could someone bring my food outside so I didn't have to walk my dog the 1.5+ miles back to start and then drive back to get my meal. It was such a nice day outside anyway, I wanted to sit in the sun. They said absolutely and wouldn't you know it, 15 minutes later I have 2 tacos and a cheese-and-chili covered corn on the cob sitting in front of me PLUS a water bowl that they brought out for my sweet pup. I didn't think to ask, I was going to just give my puppy the cup of water I got for myself so I wouldn't bother the waitress helping me any further, but without my prompting this wonderful server brought a whopping bowl of water for my puppy so I could keep my own drink. 

Sometimes there are slip ups and mix ups and it takes a little longer to get the food you ordered but it can happen at any restaurant to any server or cashier so it is entirely understandable. This restaurant is one of my all-time favorites and is certainly worth the price spent. I tell everyone I know to go to Sabor and I am so glad I work within a decent walking distance.

To the server whose name I forgot who was working today (2/7/2017) around noon that helped me - thank you so much! You were so kind and I appreciate how hard you work and all the effort you put forth into taking care of my puppy and I.

-Marissa
