EC7NrIHKk6i3US_XJlDWDA Came here for a late lunch as we wanted to try a new Mexican place since we are still desperately looking for our go to Mexican restaurant.

We decided beforehand if the food wasn't going to be good, we would have back up and eat at the W Hotel at Sushi Roku. If you didn't know this, the W Hotel is right across the way.

First and foremost the parking is tight here so whether you're eating inside or outside on the small patio know that you'll have to wait around until someone leaves the lot or park around the corner if you want to be walking distance to your car.

As soon as we walked in were greeted by a nice young girl. She was friendly and directed us towards the lunch menu which was decently priced. As usual, we're still looking for a Mexican restaurant to replace our fave and legendary taco place in Santa Fe, New Mexico called the El Parasol, so we ordered the shredded beef tacos.

The order came with free chips and salsa. The salsa was available in both hot and mild. The food came out on paper plates within 10 minutes of ordering. The food was lukewarm. Beans and rice not hot at all and the taco, while it looked robust, tasted like it was just microwaved. Surprisingly though the taco was filled nicely to the rim with lettuce, cheese, and the shredded beef.

As soon as we took a bite of the (hard shelled) taco we could taste that the taco meat was soft and seasoned nicely but the taco shell was very stiff almost sharp and remember no warmth. The texture and taste was unbalanced. You had soft meat that was enveloped by a shell which to the taste was lukewarm.

Hungry after a 30 minute drive to this restaurant, we both ate the tacos as they were edible and only took 2-3 bites of the rice and beans (since they both were lukewarm in temperature).

Since we were still hungry and on the other side of town there was no turning back...thinking maybe we ordered the wrong thing here and still hungry, we decided to give it another try and order one beef tamale. The tamale was over $5.00. Unlike our lunch combo plates our one tamale took awhile to serve. In fact it was almost 15 minutes before it came out.

When the tamale finally came to our table, we both forked it and each took a bite. We were surprised that the tamale came out hotter then any of the other food we got there. As soon as both swallowed we said the same thing...

The tamale was too salty to eat any further.

Then my husband suggests that maybe it's just the sauce. Or just the meat or just the tamale skin that is salty. Since it was my idea I guess I was going to be the guinea pig. After two bites, I realized that every part of the tamale was over salted and I stopped eating. My husband hates salty food so our meal was officially over. Luckily, Happy Hour was starting at Sushi Roku, our back up place.

While we got good service from the staff and the prices are decent, it's safe to say that we have yet found our go to Mexican place in Arizona.
