EfHOn1Cc9q7aj02ijzrU1A We decided to try La Rosita Mexican Buffet for lunch last week. Located in a Strip Mall right off Monona Drive, parking was a little hard to find. The cashier station is immediately inside the door where you arrive and you pay BEFORE you eat. It was $10 per person for lunch and I was mildly confused at first since after I told her there were two of us I was expecting to be seated rather than billed. After paying she asked what we wanted to drink. Not knowing what my options were, I asked and she rattled off several beverages I didn't understand before I heard horchata and went with that. She also asked if we wanted corn or flour tortillas and we chose a mix. She told us to seat ourselves which we did and then we headed up to the buffet.

I've been to a Mexican buffet before. It included burritos, hard-shell and soft-shell taco fixings, fajitas, rice and beans. This was NOT like that.

First they do have a salad bar with what appears to be a variety of fresh vegetables. It was on par with what you find at a typical steak-house. It didn't actually try any of that though. They also had a fresh fruit bar w/about four varieties of sliced fruit. Again I didn't try that either. I was there for the Mexican food.

They had a couple of soups. I tried the shrimp soup. It was not my favorite. Although loaded w/lots of shrimp, they were shell on, and although it had lots of veggies it didn't have much flavor. They had chips as well as green and red salsa and pico. These were all tasty. They had rice and beans, a pan of quesadillas and enchiladas, several cold salads, some vegetable and some pasta dishes. These were fine, but not outstanding. What I really liked about La Rosita was the wide variety of entree dishes available. Chorizo, beef, riblets, chicken, multiple pork and pork skin dishes. They were basically sauces with meat. At an Indian restaurant you would picture all of these on rice. I enjoyed the myriad of flavors and textures and this was a huge selling point for me. 

However, one serious issue was that many of the entrees were not hot, but merely luke-warm at best. This was enough to cause my dining companion to say he would never return. He was very turned off by "the cold food".

When we returned to our table the cashier brought us a half dozen tortillas and large tumblers of delicious horchata. For dessert they had flan and cakes available, but none of those appealed to me.

I'm giving it a good review because I loved the large horchata, the variety of foods I've never had, and the flavors of the ones I enjoyed. This was a completely unique experience and I've never been to another buffet like this. I will go back and try it again. However, I can only hope they correct the temperature of the food. It was a major flaw.
