Eis_z-uF_2gUf83UE9blog I'm a pretty regular Chipotle eater and can totally appreciate the assembly line style of choosing exactly what you want in your meal, and after hearing a recommendation from someone who prefers Cafe Rio, I figured sure, I'll give it a shot. The seats and tables were the first thing I noticed since they're brightly colored and spattered with paint, but after that I realized I came to eat and not to stare at furniture, so I moved on to the menu, which was about as straightforward and simple as could be.

I got a burrito, mainly since the tortillas looked amazing, with chicken, black beans, rice, etc. It's boring, but pretty much exactly what I get at Chipotle, and I wanted to compare. The sad part came when I got to the register, as it came to $10 and change without any of the additional options and a basic drink. Not bad if considering it as restaurant quality food, but as standard higher-end fast food, it gets into some dicey territory as far as price goes. 

The drink area was surprisingly great, with a tons of choices and additional in-house teas, limeades, and even horchata. The burrito was great too. It was hot, the chicken was flavorful, and the tortilla turned out to taste as good as it looked. 

The girlfriend on the other hand wasn't impressed. She got the two taco plate with beef, which was the same price, and I wouldn't be mentioning it if I didn't agree with her; the beef tacos were on a completely different level as the burrito. The tin foil they came in was full of grease, and the tacos were soaked in it. They were soggy and bland. Some grease is to be expected with beef, but this was a little overwhelming, and turned the tacos into a big wet glob of food. It would've been worth it if the beef had some substantial flavor, but they didn't.

Ultimately, the glory of the chicken burrito was not completely overshadowed by the greasy beef, although the tacos were admittedly bad. Would I pick it over a Chipotle burrito? Probably not. It was hotter and tasted great, but was also a bit smaller, more expensive, and more sloppily thrown together than what I get at Chipotle, with less topping options too. Definitely a decent place for some quick, fresh Mexican food, but I'm staying far away from the beef.
