Eis_z-uF_2gUf83UE9blog I've never been a big fan of Cafe Rio but I thought I should give it another try.  It had been a few years though and I was not entirely sure what I was doing when I walked in.  Originally I was planning on getting a burrito but I reconsidered and thought I'd brach out and get enchiladas instead.  I wanted two.  One with the shredded chicken and one with shredded beef.  When the slow line I was in moved enough that I made it up to the counter I ordered two enchiladas.  I thought the lady working behind the counter asked me what beans I wanted to which I replied "black beans."  Next thing I know she is filling my tortillas with beans and cheese and putting them in the oven.  Whoa! Time out. I wanted meat in those things.  I stopped them before they got too far and explained that I wanted meat in my enchiladas.  I apologized for the confusion.  I could tell she was as frustrated with me as I was with her.  She explained that the black beans I wanted come on the side.  I didn't see that there was another vat of beans further down the line.  Anyhow, she asked one of the other workers to throw away the mistakes and proceeded to make my two enchiladas with shredded beef without actually asking me what meat I wanted.  I didn't want to continue making a scene so I just let it go.  I was going to get one enchilada with shredded beef any how.  Two is fine too.  So with a double dousing of medium sauce, my enchiladas were in the oven.  It took a few more minutes before I made it down to where I was to receive my rice and black beans.  A scoop of rice.  A scoop of soupy beans and my meal was complete.  I took it all home to eat.  I'm not going to say that was a mistake but with all the sauce and soupy beans in my flimsy aluminum bowl/plate, I am thankful for the bag they gave me.  That stuff was starting to leak out over the edges on the drive home.  The mess didn't end there.  Trying to eat what was now effectively an enchilada stew from the aforementioned flimsy aluminum bowl/plate was an adventure in and of itself.  That thing has no structural integrity whatsoever.  You try to cut your enchilada, burrito, etc and the bowl just crumples and bends into a wadded mass of metal.  So irritating.  When all is said and done, eaten and gone, the experience of going to Cafe Rio was frustrating.  And to add to that frustration, I wanted so badly to be mad at the food too so I would not be tempted to come back and experience it again.  But for all of its soupy mess, the flavors were quite nice.  There was a fair amount beef in my enchiladas and the medium sauce did not overwhelm the pallate.  I'll give them that.  But I am still not a huge fan.  Cafe Rio is just not my plate of beans.
