eJKnymd0BywNPrJw1IuXVw After giving a 5 star review to the location on The Strip, it pains me to have to do this. After thinking it over, it's really a safety issue. So I am giving 1 star for this reason alone. And it's definitely a solid reason.

Why in the heck do you have a Gluten Free/Vegan menu if your items listed are not truly gluten free and/or vegan??????? And that's me asking nicely. Because I'm actually super ticked. My 4 year old has food allergies. He carries an epi pen around with him. We took him here SPECIFICALLY because the vegan portion of the menu had vegan/gluten free cheese on their nachos. I am glad I double checked with the waitress, Alex (who was really the shining star in all of this), who double checked with the kitchen. The kitchen said they mix their vegan/"gluten free" cheese with regular flour- making it NOT gluten free.

If I had trusted Nacho Daddy to be true to their menu description, my poor 4 year old would have had an allergic reaction that would have lasted for days. DAYS... D-A-Y-S, Nacho Daddy. I know it's a joke and irritating to some people in the restaurant industry to have to cater to food intolerances and allergies, but that gives you no right to be negligent and misleading with your menu to entice an entire group of people to patron your establishment- some of them have zero choice in the matter, my son included.

Aside from that, I ordered a Daddy's Marg on the rocks with no salt- it came with salt and was really lacking in the tequila. I don't drink heavily- rarely socially, as does my girl friend that went with us and had a sip, and we both agreed it was weak. I may as well have ordered a $10 limeade. 

Her Cheeseburger Nachos were decent, the guac was good, and the ceviche was ok, pretty small for $10.

Side note: When I checked in here, a yelp notification came up saying that there are multiple reviews from the same IP to boost their rating for this specific location.. Kinda shady.


Update: Since writing this review, Taylor reached out to me and provided an explanation. Instead of sending a manager or someone from the kitchen staff, they said they mix their cheese with flour so we wouldn't order it at all. There is a chance of cross contamination, which I get. It's usually like that at a lot of places. I really wish someone would have just talked to me for 2 minutes instead of lying about it and causing distrust. There is a venue down the street, Chef Stacy Dugan's spot, that has Vegan/GF nachos and can instantly and accurately help you avoid specific allergens.
