ElWzx5_fU8S2G45OnM-HpA This is the second time I've been to Ocotillo. The first time was during the day(and it was excellent). This time I went with a group of four for dinner. We started with the house specialty, Roasted Cauliflower, which came with a kale pesto. This is the best cauliflower I have ever tasted. I recommend you go there just to try this dish. 5/5. The second appetizer we consumed was the Chicken Meatballs. This came with shishito peppers, and a light sauce. They were tasty due to the cayenne pepper flavoring which was mixed directly into the meat. However, they were a little bit dry. 4/5.

For our main dishes, I had the Reginette Pasta with a Lamb Ragu. It had great flavoring and had plentiful sun-dried tomatoes mixed in. The Ragu was also plentiful, and the noodles were cooked al dente style, which really added to the flavor and consistency. I highly recommend this dish. 5/5. One other in my party had the Campanella Pasta with roasted mushrooms. It was prepared in a light cream sauce, and it was also very well crafted. 5/5. The next entrée we shared was the Ginger Steak. The cut was a ribeye that came with roasted sesame potatoes. It was cooked medium well (not my preference), but was still very enjoyable. 5/5. The final dish we all sampled was the Roasted Fish, which was Halibut prepared with a light sauce. I wasn't overly crazy about this dish as it did not contain the same powerful, well combined flavors as the other meals. 4/5.

For dessert we share the bread pudding and chocolate pie. Both were incredible, And help finish off a great culinary experience. 5/5.

The ambience was absolutely fabulous. We sat outside and the weather was gorgeous. The only complaint I had is that the service was very slow, and some of the wait staff were more concerned with standing around and comparing tattoos then helping the guests. I originally awarded four stars, but was immediately contacted by the GM. Very impressive and conscientious individual who is seeking to improve his restaurant. I now am amending my review and awarding Ocatillo five stars! I highly recommend you try out this restaurant!
