ElWzx5_fU8S2G45OnM-HpA So this morning I was craving something sweet like pancakes but without that fat unhealthy feeling afterwards and the blue corn pancakes for the perfect substitution for that! They came with a gave syrup which is sweet but not too sweet, and the pancakes themselves had a natural sweetness to them. I grew up on the Navajo reservation where blue corn mush is a popular dish, and we have our own version of "Blue corn pancakes"so this was nostalgic for me. To accompany my pancakes I got a side order of potato pancakes (they do not come with the blue corn pancakes but I recommend ordering a side of these for any breakfast dish that it does not come with) and oh my God where they bomb.com!!! I am a potato freakkkkk.... especially hash brown, and might I say Octillo has perfect potato cakes! They are just the right amount of crispy and they are seasoned perfectly- not too little but not too much salt. I will end this review by saying why I put only four out of five stars which is simply because the service. First I tried to call in so I could order pick up but found out that they did not do pick up over the weekend so I had to go in and order over the bar, which I did not have a problem with. And the bartender was very polite and offered me a glass of water while I waited but my issue was I walked right past the owner on my way to the bar (I only know who he is because I seen his video on here on yelp) and I looked him dead in his face and smiled and he did not smile back at me or greet me. Being that he is the owner that did rub me the wrong way, he probably was just busy and did not realize it and had I not known that he was the owner probably would not have bugged me as much, but because I did know, it bothered me a little. But other than that the place is great! Awesome food and a really nice atmosphere.

*** review update***

I have change my review to five out of five stars because the GM David personally emailed me on Yelp and apologized for not acknowledging me that day and explained to me that he was ill that day and only went into check on something really quick and he welcomed me back anytime so with that said I recant my statement about him not acknowledging me. :)
