ElWzx5_fU8S2G45OnM-HpA Basis for my starred ratings (which skews heavily to the food or drink):
1 star:  Never again.
2 stars:  Poor food, poor experience, extraordinary measures in order for me to come back.
3 stars:  Average, nothing really special, nothing particularly bad.
4 stars:  Very good, would definitely return.
5 stars:  A favorite, one of the best.

Ocotillo is excellent.  We've come for lunch and dinner and have been surprised at the consistent quality of the food.

For lunch we've ordered the house country pate (large portion, pretty good but nothing spectacular), roasted cauliflower, Peruvian chicken, and the mesquite grilled salmon (also average, but not bad at all.)

The cauliflower may be one of the single best dishes they serve.  Perfectly cooked, with some acidity and crunch on the side, it is fantastic.  The Peruvian chicken we had was also most and delicious.  Props to them for getting the aji amarillo right, comparing well to the best Peruvian we've had in LA and NYC.

Also came for dinner with some out-of-town guests.  We again ordered the cauliflower, and we ordered the beets (quite good, nothing to rave about, but good), grilled romano beans (perhaps the weakest dish we ordered but eh fiddleheads on the side were a GREAT touch), and the asparagus (well cooked, a little bite left, decently seasoned).

The three pastas we ordered were (in order of deliciousness):  casarecce, radiatore, and tagliatelle.  The Calabrian peppers added a nice kick to the heavy pork belly in the casarecce, which were al dente.  The radiotore was good, soft al dente, well-balanced and lighter than the other two.  The tagilatelle was over-cooked the flavors did not meld all that well on the plate.

The atmosphere here is great and with the above-average food, is worth visiting regularly.  Oddly I'll end on a negative.  The I am NOT a fan of the beer selection in the beer garden.  The area itself is great, but the selection is pretty poor and doe snot live up tot he beautiful surrounds.
