EP1do6l8hLyIGEru0gN3EQ Reading through some of the reviews that have less-than-glowing responses, I have to say -- as a Johnny Mango fan of several years, I simply don't like certain dishes on their menu and realize that they just don't work (or at least not for my taste), but the dishes that I love and have ordered again and again really do.

My usual is the Velvet Chicken Quesadilla, which is probably the best quesadilla I've ever had.  The tortilla is grilled perfectly to be flaky and crunchy, the beans are fresh and plump, and the chicken is just delicious.  Combined with their fresh salsa, it is a little bit of heaven.  Usually I can only eat half in one sitting and enjoy the rest at home.

The Caribbean French Fries are always a favorite at my table, and make a great (and dangerously filling) appetizer.  The salsa and lettuce garnishes complement the plantains, creating a sweet and salty flavor.

The Guacamole Scoop has always been fresh and delicious, though I rarely get it because the price seems a little steep at $6.95 (last time when someone at my table ordered it, the platter was overwhelmingly full of chips but accompanied a modest portion of guacamole).  Once, the waitress was kind enough to give my table a copy of the recipe.

I think the drinks are nice, though I don't prefer to venture too far off the run-of-the-mill drink flavors, because some of my more experimental endeavors have ended up too mix-y or watery.  The cuban mojito I had was alright, the sangria is usually good, and the cipirinhas have been delicious.  Juices have been great, particularly the Zoni Beach frozen yogurt shake.

When I can fit it in, the Chocolate Triple X is a decadent choice -- modest in size but rich in flavor.

Their daily specials are hit-or-miss, depending on your tastes.  I've loved some beans but been repulsed by others.  The big plates are too much for me, and I don't prefer the grilled banana that comes with them.  I thought their Pad Thai was just okay the one time I had it.  Overall though, I always look forward to returning to Johnny Mango.

Oh!  And their rewards program and birthday coupons make for some great free and discounted meals, especially if you're a regular.
