EP1do6l8hLyIGEru0gN3EQ I am not one for writing reviews but I felt compelled to do so after my experience last night.

First off, I would like to say the food was good. Not great, but good. That is not what constitutes the two stars. The Waitress that is clearly in the wrong line of work did not earn those stars either. It was the absence of management. 
This place was like a free for all of mice that were playing while the cat (Or actual management) was away. 

It was taco Tuesday. We did get their rather late, but the kitchen was still open and we managed to seat ourselves at an overly sticky table. 

When the waitress finally got to us, we ordered two drinks and two waters.
The drinks (Irish coffees) came cold. and we only got our water after we asked ANOTHER waitress that didn't look so frazzled with her 2 or three tables. 

We then watched two tables get their food after arriving quite some time after we ordered our food. We were afraid she might have forgotten to put our order in as we watched the kitchen closing down. 

Our tacos came and the constantly preoccupied waitress just dropped the food and walked away. We had no silverware, napkins, salt etc.....

When we finally got her attention to ask for silverware, she said "sure" and walked back to the server station. We watched in half disgust as she shoveled a plate of nachos in her mouth and proceeded to SUCK not LICK but SUCK on her fingers in our plain view. She turned around and we made eye contact, she looked startled as if to say "Oh yeah, your silverware" Then reached up into a plastic bin and brought us two roll-ups covered in the cheese that she missed when cleaning her hands with her mouth. 
To make matters worse, I turned to see if anyone else saw this... THE COOK!
Yes, he saw the whole thing.... from behind the line of the open kitchen where he grazed on a quesadilla wearing his gloves that he served food with, cleaned with, and probably used the restroom with... ugh....

I am saddened by the lack of management that is clearly missing from this establishment. 

Before you go and open up ANOTHER restaurant, be sure your mgmt. is solid at your other establishments. I would hate to see this place go under because the employees don't give a sh*t. 

If I could upload the photos I had enough time to take of the waitress keeping us from eating, I would.
